Rise Of Real Estate Crowdfunding: Fundrise Files A $50M 'E-REIT' Offering | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Rise Of Real Estate Crowdfunding: Fundrise Files A $50M 'E-REIT' OfferingNov. 23, 2015  9:49 AM ET|| Includes: RENN, VNQ, WPCby: Bill StollerBill Stoller Dividend investing, REITs, growth at reasonable price, special situationsMarketplaceREITs 4 Alpha: High-Yield | DGI | TechnologySummaryIt didn't take long for real estate crowdfunding pioneer Fundrise to take advantage of the latest SEC rule changes in order to offer a $50 million e-REIT fund.Founded in 2012, Fundrise was the first company to crowdfund investment for U.S. real estate online, raising $325,000 for Maketto in Washington D.C.Fast-forward four years later, Rise Companies Corp. announces the first crowdsourced REIT fund investment, for the maximum $50 million allowed under SEC Regulation A+.Individuals will be able to invest a minimum of $1,000 to buy 100 shares at $10.00, or more -- up to 10% of annual income -- per the A+ rule.Rise Of Real Estate Crowdfunding: Fundrise Files A $50M e-REITTM Offering
It hasn't taken long for real estate crowdfunding pioneer Fundrise to take advantage of the latest SEC rule changes in order to offer a $50 million e-REIT fund.
Founded in 2012, Fundrise was the first company to crowdfund investment for U.S. real estate online, raising $325,000 for Maketto in Washington D.C.
Fast-forward four years later, Rise Companies Corp. announces the first crowdsourced REIT fund investment, for the maximum $50 million allowed under SEC Rule A+.
Individual investors will be able to invest minimum of $1,000, or 100 shares at $10.00 -- up to 10% of annual income, per the A+ rules.
If you haven't been following the fast-moving world of Internet-based real estate crowdfunding, it may be time to start paying attention.
The training wheels have been removed, and now online real estate equity fundraising is about to put on a pair of "big-boy pants."

Source - Fundrise SEC filing Nov. 18, 2015
Crowdfunded real estate in the U.S. has been almost exclusively offered on a project by project basis to accredited investors because of how the rules have evolved since the passage of the Jobs Act in 2012.

Crowdfunded real estate investments can have projected returns of 5% to 20% or higher. Typical projected holding periods can be from 9 months to over 5 years, but they generally range from 12 to 36 months.
One issue holding back some accredited investors was the inherent difficulty of creating a diversified portfolio within the real estate crowdfunded portion of their portfolio.
Minimum investment amounts typically have been $5,000 to $10,000 which makes creating a diversified portfolio of crowdfunded investments difficult for investors with less than $50,000 to $100,000 to allocate to just crowdfunded real estate.

Source: FINRA.org
In attempt to help with diversification, Fundrise has recently offered a few portfolio investments for accredited investors, allowing them to invest in more than one project.
The Big News
The $50 million Fundrise e-REIT will be structured as a blind pool which will investment in a diversified portfolio of both debt and equity real estate investments, which are more fully described in the Preliminary Offering Circular Form 1-A filed with the SEC.
This gives investors looking for higher yields the option of investing $1,000 in a diverse pool of professionally managed assets may appear to be a far more appealing option.
This certainly will attract interest from existing accredited customers, as well as help to attract new investors to the Fundrise platform who now can qualify under the Regulation A+ rules.
According to the release:
The $50,000,000 Fundrise Real Estate Investment Trust intends to invest in a diverse portfolio of U.S. commercial real estate properties, such as apartments, shopping centers, and office buildings, that generate cash flow paid out to investors in regular dividends.

The Fundrise e-REIT sponsor has facilitated or originated 56 real estate programs previously on its platform, with an aggregate purchase price of $3 billion as of August 31, 2015.
Of the $3.0 billion aggregate real estate purchase prices, our sponsor offered through its Programs approximately $58.3 million, consisting of approximately $15.0 million of commercial real estate loan assets, $39.8 million of investments in commercial real estate (through majority-owned subsidiaries with rights to receive preferred economic returns), and $3.5 million of other commercial real estate investments.
Notably, the $3 billion value includes a $5,000,000 financing participation for 3 World Trade Center in Manhattan, which skews the aggregate number higher.
Real Estate Crowdfunding - Background
The rate of growth for the largest and most successful real estate crowdfunding platforms has been exponential during the past two years.
In some ways real estate crowdfunding is like the "Wild West" with new platforms popping up each month. Many crowdfunding sites have a similar look and feel, and it can be daunting to try and sort out the serious players from the potential fly-by-night outfits.
Based upon my research, the one characteristic the top platforms all have in common is the ability to pre-fund and close on a real estate investment before turning around and offering it to the public.
Platforms which pre-fund have all been evaluated by financial institutions, private equity and/or venture capital firms and have typically received $25 million or more in funding.
These investors are often attracted to the scalable nature of these online investing platforms. Fundrise investors include Renren, Inc. (NASDAQ: RENN), as well as well-known private real estate firms.
Three distinct examples of successful real estate crowdfunding platforms are:


Prodigy Network (equity - large NYC residential and mixed use);

Patch of Land (senior debt - residential value-add); and

Fundrise (preferred equity - existing and new commercial).


Each of these platforms offer an assortment of debt and equity investments, but I chose to emphasize the predominant asset class which differentiates them.
I have interviewed CEOs from all three platforms during the past year, and written a brief overview of each platform, which can be found here, here and here.
Will Crowdsourcing Disrupt Other Models?
One asset class that might be at risk over time from crowdsourced REIT investment alternatives would be the non-traded REITs which are typically sold by investment advisors.
The non-traded REIT space has recently attracted quite a bit of scrutiny and negative press. Bad behavior by some players, including high front-loaded fees, has come home to roost. These fees typically ranged from 10%-15%, and were not always fully disclosed by advisors.
Regulatory agencies including the Department of Labor and the SEC have stepped in, and new rules are being put into place including FINRA RN 15-02 for 2016.

Source: CNLSecurities.com
Here is a link to an SEC Investor Bulletin from Aug. 31, 2015 which includes this bold print warning for investors:
These fees can represent up to 15 percent of the offering price, which lowers the value and return of your investment and leaves less money for the REIT to invest.
Many accredited investors have been sold these non-traded REIT "products" by financial advisors in the past, only to discover that it is difficult to create "Alpha" when only 85%-90% of the investment is actually used to buy real estate.
There are also high quality non-traded REIT alternatives such as W.P. Carey Inc. (NYSE: WPC) with a 42 year history of delivering 10% or better returns for loyal fund investors. There have been 15 WPC funds that have gone full-cycle, and no long-term investor has ever lost money.

Since U.S. crowdfunded real estate is a new asset class, industry pioneers can only have a four year track record. This severely limits the number of projects which have come "full-cycle," with a return of capital, and the ability to calculate an IRR or ROIC.
More Net-Proceeds To Invest
Underwriting costs and discounts associated with a typical IPO distributed by Wall Street investment banks can eat up 7% or more of an offering.
By utilizing the Fundrise online platform to distribute the 5,000,000 authorized shares, the organizational fees described in the Form 1-A offering appear to be ~ 2.4%. There were zero fees included for Underwriting Discounts and Commissions.
Notably, organizational and offering costs estimated to be ~$500,000 will also be reimbursed to the fund Manager over time.
Investors will not pay upfront selling commissions in connection with the purchase of our common shares. We will reimburse our Manager for organization and offering costs, which are expected to be approximately $500,000. Reimbursement payments will be made in monthly installments, but the aggregate monthly amount reimbursed can never exceed 0.50% of the aggregate gross offering proceeds from this offering.
The Fundrise REIT Entity Organizational Chart below is difficult to read, which is unfortunate, but was taken directly from the Nov. 18, 2015 SEC filing.

Source - Fundrise SEC filing Nov. 18, 2015
There is no such thing as a free lunch. There will be fee payments to Sponsor affiliates for ongoing services performed which include a 1% annual fee and a 0% to 0.05% affiliate management fee.
As usual, interested investors should do their own due diligence to understand these and other fees which are charged depending upon the circumstances. (For instance there is a fee that can be charged to deal with non-performing assets, and fees to compensate for underwriting costs).

Putting The Crowd Back Into Funding
Recently there has been a trend in real estate crowdfunding platforms to turn to institutions for a large percentage of an individual project funding. The 9% to 15% returns projected for a typical crowdfunded deal are attracting institutions with access to low cost funds. Retail investors may not realize that they are often investing side by side with institutions.
If you think about it, these crowdfunding firms have built underwriting and distribution platforms to handle a high volume of transactions. Once a platform has been vetted, it can be more efficient for an institution to utilize a crowdfunding site to originate deals. The platform gains more visibility regarding its fund raising, and therefore is able to grow at a faster rate.
Fundrise co-founder Dan Miller discussed this growing trend of "Crowdfunding Without The Crowd" in a July 2015 interview with therealdeal.com. The Fundrise e-REIT initiative clearly helps to combat this trend. It also represents a huge leap forward for the original vision for Fundrise,"…a goal to democratize commercial real estate investment," which Ben Miller shared with me last summer.
My understanding is that Fundrise would be able to offer a $50 million e-REIT every 12 months under the current rules.
Investor Takeaway
Like any other investment, the Fundrise REIT contains risks. As you would expect, there are plenty of them discussed in the Preliminary Offering document. The document follows the S-11 disclosure format so it is similar in many respects to what you would expect to find in any IPO prospectus.
Initially the Fundrise REIT shares are valued at $10.00 apiece. After July 2016, The REIT NAV will be calculated at the end of each quarter and will be used to value the shares. The REIT intends to pay quarterly distributions, the major attraction, but of course there are no guarantees.
There is a modicum of liquidity on a quarterly basis which is discussed in the Offering. This is another plus for the Fundrise REIT vs most crowdfunding options. However, this REIT is essentially an illiquid investment, and only suitable for investors who don't need the funds to pay the rent, buy groceries or cover next semester's tuition.

Many Seeking Alpha readers are aware that I regularly write about publicly traded REITs and similar publicly traded investments. They have the advantage of liquidity, more stringent reporting requirements, and in most cases a longer track record for investors to evaluate.
A simple method for investors to include real estate as an alternative investment for their portfolio would be to invest in REIT funds or ETFs. The Vanguard REIT Index ETF (NYSEARCA: VNQ), currently pays a distribution yielding just under 4%. Here is a link to an article which I wrote about REIT ETFs and portfolio diversification for investors who aren't familiar with this asset class.
Meanwhile, investors with a longer time horizon, looking for higher yield will soon have the Fundrise REIT to consider.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in WPC, VNQ over the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Dividends & Income, REITsWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Bill Stoller and get email alerts






















Is Fundrise's New eREIT Right for You? | Investopedia



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                Is Fundrise's New eREIT Right for You?            


    By Warren Cassell | December 31, 2015 — 2:16 PM EST    






Share















































Real estate is one of the best performing alternative asset classes for investors who would like to diversify their portfolio or simply do not enjoy the volatile nature of the stock market. Contrary to popular belief, one does not need to be extremely wealthy to have interests in property. In the past, investing in real estate, especially large commercial properties, was something that was only reserved for high net worth individuals (HNWI) however the rise of online real estate crowdfunding platforms and publicly traded real estate investment trusts (REITs) have made it a lot easier for the average investor to get access to real estate investments.
Fundrise, for example, is one of the many online crowdfunding marketplaces out there that have pooled relatively small sums of money from everyday people and used those funds to assist property developers to finance their projects. To date, developers on the website have raised more than $10 million. Founded in 2012 by two brothers named Benjamin and Dan Miller, Fundrise recently made headlines when it announced the launch of the world's first online REIT, or as they call it "eREIT."
Earlier this month, Fundrise began processing subscriptions for their $50 million initial public offering (IPO), but they were quickly forced to temporarily discontinue selling shares of the eREIT due to high demand. On the first day of the offering, Fundrise received an average of $21,400 in subscription requests every minute. Investors were required to purchase a minimum of 100 shares at a rate of $10 per share. Although the Fundrise eREIT looks like it will be a very promising investment, it certainly is not for everyone. Here are three important things to ask yourself when determining whether or not an equity stake in Fundrise's eREIT would make sense in your investment portfolio.
Do You Mind Investing in an Illiquid Asset?
One of the main differences between Fundrise's eREIT and traditional REITs is the level of liquidity. Traditional REITs are traded on a stock exchange and are given a mark to market (MTM) valuation every minute of a trading day. This gives investors the ability to sell a portion, or all, of their REITs within a couple of minutes if needed. The Fundrise eREIT is not listed on an exchange, and as a result, units can only be redeemed at the end of each quarter. This can help to force an investor to take a long-term horizon, but it can also be a problem if an investor needs immediate access to cash for an emergency. (See also, Fundrise CEO Ben Miller On 'Why Pre-Funding Matters.)
Do You Need the Income?
Federal law requires that all REITs distribute no less than 90% of their annual income to their unit holders. Fundrise’s eREIT is not excluded from this requirement. As a result, the company intends to make a "high yield cash distribution" at the end of every quarter. This can be great for those investors who are looking to create an additional revenue stream. However, the eREIT might not be ideal for investors who do not immediately need investment income.
It is important to remember that unlike corporate dividends, that are taxed at a low rate, REIT distributions are taxed at the normal income tax rate. This is why REITs are often called tax-inefficient investments. Investors who own REITs tend to hold them in retirement accounts that have favorable tax treatments, like a Roth IRA, but it is not possible to do this with the Fundrise eREIT.
In some cases, an investor may end up realizing higher net returns, and a lower tax bill, by investing in a stock that reinvests the majority of earnings instead of distributing it to shareholders.
How Risk Tolerant Are You?
Fundrise’s eREIT is probably not suitable for your investment portfolio if you consider your tolerance for risk to be low or fairly moderate. As a new investment fund, the eREIT has no previous operating history to look at in order to determine how good the management team is. This also makes it hard to make calculated predictions on how well the eREIT will perform in the future.
When compared to the management teams of publicly traded REITs, the management of Fundrise’s eREIT lacks many years of experience. In the company’s offering circular that was filed with the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC), it was disclosed that the eREIT's initial management team consists of four members, the oldest of whom is only 39-years-old. Furthermore, the eREIT had no non-executive board members at the time of writing.
Depending on your age and overall goals, an investment in the eREIT might be worth the speculation. On the other hand, other investors might not feel comfortable with the risk associated with the startup nature of the eREIT. Publicly traded REITs might be a much more suitable alternative for conservative investors like retirees, who want a reliable flow of income while protecting their principal. (See also, 3 Ways Millennials Can Invest in Rental Properties.)
The Bottom Line
REITs and property crowdfunding platforms have made it extremely easy for the average investor to include real estate investments in his or her portfolio. Just this month, Fundrise, a crowdfunding website, launched the world’s first Internet REIT. Like traditional REITs, Fundrise’s eREIT will give its unitholders the opportunity to benefit from income-producing property. While eREits are similar to traditional REITs in that respect, there are a number of differences between the two. For instance, shares in Fundrise’s eREIT can only be redeemed at the end of each quarter, and as such may not be a suitable investment for many retail investors. Additionally, the eREIT might be tax-inefficient for young investors who could benefit much more by realizing capital gains rather than investment income. Conservatives investors should also note that Fundrise is a new player in the REIT business, and as such may be riskier than other REITs because of its unproven track record.









  






 











































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy



























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












REIT Analysis | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»REIT AnalysisAmerican Capital Agency: It Has Been Wiped OutAGNC• Today, 2:45 PM • Quad 7 Capital•15 CommentsReal Estate Weekly: REITs Continue Rally As Strong Earnings ContinueIYR, VNQ• Today, 1:19 PM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•1 CommentWashington Prime Group: Grinding It OutWPG• Today, 12:22 PM • Beyond Saving•28 CommentsBlackstone's Imprimatur Opens A FelCor ArbitrageFCH, RLJ• Today, 8:10 AM • Dane Bowler•3 CommentsDoing It Well Is What Separates The Best From The RestEditors' Pick • OHI• Today, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•64 CommentsWashington Primed For A Large Short SqueezeWPG• Today, 1:07 AM • Trapping Value•39 CommentsRealty Income: What I Feel As A New InvestorO• Yesterday, 5:02 PM • Jonathan Weber•13 CommentsStarwood Property Trust: Look For Book Value To Grow, Not The DividendSTWD• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Matthew Utesch•17 CommentsGrowth REITs: The Optimal REIT Portfolio For The GeneralistARE, CLI, DCT• Yesterday, 1:44 PM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•4 CommentsAnnaly Called NLY-A As I Expected, NLY-D Is Now The Logical ChoiceNLY• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•22 CommentsARMOUR Residential: This One Was ImportantARR• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsEastgroup Properties: Pushing Through The Houston ProblemEGP• Yesterday, 11:00 AM • Beyond SavingDividend Aristocrat On Sale, Yield 5.1%, Never Missed A Dividend Hike Since 1994Editors' Pick • SKT• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•82 CommentsAnother Value Trap ConundrumEditors' Pick • SBRA• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•62 CommentsThe Amazon Effect: Medical Office Building REITs Next To Be Hit?DOC, HTA, AMZN• Yesterday, 6:32 AM • David Pinsen•34 CommentsDynex Capital Gets Discounted For Being RealisticDX• Yesterday, 5:27 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•4 CommentsI Put In An Order For AGNCP'S 7.96% Dividend Yield Preferred ShareAGNC• Yesterday, 4:30 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•11 CommentsLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•24 CommentsThe Strategy Behind The Dividend Champion DominanceO• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:11 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•15 Comments80% Upside With Innovative IndustrialIIPR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:12 AM • Dane Bowler•29 CommentsThe Optimal REIT Portfolio For The Generalist: Yield REITsCCP, CUBE, FRT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:52 AM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•8 CommentsA Private Pay Health Care REIT That Yields 10%Editors' Pick • SNR• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•103 CommentsSell Wheeler Before The Dividend Gets ObliteratedEditors' Pick • WHLR• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:58 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•50 CommentsPure Industrial REIT: Benefiting From The Rise Of E-CommercePDTRF• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:10 PM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsThis 4.7% Yielding Top-Shelf REIT Just Raised Its Dividend By More Than 4%NNN• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:08 PM • Achilles Research•6 CommentsThe State Of REITs: July 2017Editors' Pick • VNQ• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:22 AM • Dane Bowler•33 CommentsMall REITs Are Good Bets Now, And Simon Property Group Is Among The SafestSPG• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:39 AM • Herman Tai•25 CommentsAGNC Investment's Q2 2017 And 7/21/2017 BV Projection (Includes MTGE And NLY BV Projection)Editors' Pick • AGNC• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:49 PM • Scott Kennedy•17 CommentsCan You Handle The Truth On This High-Yield REIT?VER• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:47 PM • Trapping Value•52 CommentsBuy Park Hotels To Diversify Your Income PortfolioPK• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:08 PM • Sam Lin, CFA•8 CommentsBrixmor: Earn Opportunistic Returns In Public MarketsBRX• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Rakshiet Jain, CFA•12 CommentsReplace TIPS With Safety, Income And GrowthSAFE• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:19 AM • Dane Bowler•16 CommentsTanger's Moat Is Wide And So Is The DiscountEditors' Pick • SKT• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:15 AM • Brad Thomas•108 CommentsOutfront Media Is Thinking Outside Of The Box, I Am TooEditors' Pick • OUT• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•21 CommentsOwn All The Farmland In The U.S., Or All The Gold In The World?Editors' Pick • LAND• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•66 CommentsBehind The Curtains Of ARMOUR Residential REITARR• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:29 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•18 CommentsNew Residential: Despite Big Risks, 12.5% Yield Is AttractiveEditors' Pick • NRZ• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Blue Harbinger•134 CommentsAnnaly Capital Management: Should You Buy The Drop?NLY• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:27 AM • Achilles Research•46 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage 7.9% Dividend Yield Is Not Good EnoughBXMT• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:43 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•38 CommentsI Own This Projected 9.43% Dividend Yield REIT With Immediate 18% UpsideGPMT• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:58 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•37 CommentsFarmland Partners: Exit OpportunityFPI• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:08 AM • Beyond Saving•35 CommentsUMH Properties 6.75% Is AppealingUMH• Sat, Jul. 22, 1:35 AM • Rubicon Associates•23 CommentsNo Fruitful Harvest For Farmland PartnersEditors' Pick • FPI• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:54 AM • Brad Thomas•86 CommentsBeing Defensive In Canadian Real EstateIIP.UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:54 AM • Turtle Tree Capital Ltd.•4 CommentsCYS Is Good, But I Will Take This InsteadCIM• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:39 AM • Rubicon Associates•7 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage Trust - Strong Investment Opportunity Heading Into Earnings?BXMT• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:39 PM • Matthew Utesch•31 CommentsGladstone Commercial Corp.: Dilutive Equity Offering Will Eliminate Dividend CoverageGOOD• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:39 AM • Old Time REITster•26 CommentsSeeking Alpha In Small-Cap REITsAHH, AMT, APTS• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:25 AM • Brad Thomas•30 CommentsHigh Yield Investing: Why Property REITs Are Undervalued And Present A Buying OpportunityADC, AHP, CBL• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•35 CommentsDitch Annaly Capital's 10% Yield For The Safer 7.5% SecurityNLY• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:33 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•17 CommentsAGNC Investment's Q2 2017 Income Statement And EPS Projection - Part 3Editors' Pick • AGNC• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 AM • Scott Kennedy•13 CommentsI Bought This 7.45% Dividend Yield Preferred Share On A DipNLY• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:27 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•5 CommentsOmega Healthcare: What Is The Worst That Could Happen?OHI• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:54 AM • Trapping Value•87 CommentsMy Secret REIT Sauce RevealedDLR, HTA, KIM• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•75 CommentsBuy This 7.66% Dividend Yield - Preferred By Me And Some BullsANH, MFA• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:17 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•7 CommentsA Guide To Investing: Reader Request On Call RiskAGNC, AI, ANH• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:52 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•2 CommentsBuy This 4.9% Yielding Health Care REIT On The DropDOC• Tue, Jul. 18, 12:15 PM • Achilles Research•12 CommentsArbor Realty Trust - A True Value In An Overvalued MarketABR• Tue, Jul. 18, 12:14 PM • Matthew Utesch•36 CommentsMortgage REIT, Managed By TPG, Prepares For IPOTRTX• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:52 AM • Don Dion•5 CommentsI'll Take 'B' For An Extra Year Of DividendAGNC, CYS• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:47 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•18 CommentsChimera Has Two Good Investment Options While MTGE Has One Bad OptionCIM, MTGE• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:39 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•10 CommentsBargain REIT Yields 6.5%, 270% Dividend Coverage, Trades At 60% Discount Of Fair Value, High Insider OwnershipAHP• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•76 CommentsThis 11.24% Yielding REIT Is Worthy Of ConsiderationCMLEF• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:10 AM • Trapping Value•39 CommentsEven Annaly Capital Management Is Selling Their SharesNLY• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:07 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•26 CommentsUMH Properties Is A Cinderella StoryEditors' Pick • UMH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•19 CommentsWhitestone REIT: Tantalizing 9% Dividend Yield Appears Covered, But High Debt Is A Lingering ConcernWSR• Tue, Jul. 18, 5:41 AM • Sure Dividend•21 CommentsIndependence Realty Trust: Steady ImprovementsIRT• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:18 AM • Beyond Saving•14 CommentsAnnaly: We Just Got DilutedNLY• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:33 AM • Quad 7 Capital•46 CommentsmREIT Preferred No Fluff Update - July 17, 2017ARI, PMT, RAS• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:08 PM • Rubicon Associates•7 CommentsKillam Properties: A 5% Yield Investment With Potential Dividend GrowthKMPPF• Mon, Jul. 17, 8:57 PM • Ploutos Investing•7 CommentsNear-Term 10% Upside With Getty RealtyGTY• Mon, Jul. 17, 8:18 PM • Dane Bowler•6 CommentsWhy Not Buy This 7.3%-Yielding Monthly Paying REIT For An Income Portfolio?IRT• Mon, Jul. 17, 5:15 PM • Achilles Research•18 CommentsAmerican Tower: Perfectly Priced For 25% UpsideAMT• Mon, Jul. 17, 2:44 PM • Arturo Neto, CFA•7 CommentsStore Capital: No Reason To Take Profits After The Buffett PopSTOR• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:11 PM • Achilles Research•4 CommentsCBL Vs. Seritage: Hopes And Dreams Of 'Sears-Free' Income StreamsSRG, CBL• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:32 AM • Trapping Value•139 Comments123456...149Next Page





Dividend Stocks Analysis | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Dividend Stocks AnalysisThis 9.3%-Yielding BDC Is At Risk Of Having To Slash Its DividendARCC• Today, 4:54 PM • Achilles Research•8 CommentsAmgen: Income On SaleAMGN• Today, 4:35 PM • Samuel Smith•1 CommentInterpublic Group Of Companies Selloff Overreaction Presents A Buying Opportunity For The Long-Term Income InvestorsIPG• Today, 3:13 PM • Accelerating DividendsAmerican Capital Agency: It Has Been Wiped OutAGNC• Today, 2:45 PM • Quad 7 Capital•15 CommentsAltria: Time To Be Greedy, Or Fearful?MO• Today, 2:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•114 CommentsLowest Priced 10%+ Yield Dividend Dogs Reckon Highest July ReturnsAI, BPT, CNXC• Today, 1:58 PM • Fredrik Arnold•2 CommentsReal Estate Weekly: REITs Continue Rally As Strong Earnings ContinueIYR, VNQ• Today, 1:19 PM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•1 CommentDividend Champion On Sale - FDA Puts A Discount Sticker On Shares Of Altria GroupMO• Today, 1:08 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•82 CommentsWashington Prime Group: Grinding It OutWPG• Today, 12:22 PM • Beyond Saving•28 CommentsAT&T: A Standup Double Of A QuarterT• Today, 12:00 PM • PendragonY•15 CommentsAltaGas: Strong Q2 Results, Still Time To Buy This 7.2% Dividend Growth StockATGFF• Today, 10:58 AM • Ploutos Investing•13 CommentsHigher Oil Prices Might Not Be Enough To Save The Big Oil DividendBP, CVX, RDS.A• Today, 10:15 AM • Mantas Skardzius, CFA•10 Comments'Safer' Dividend Achievers See Energy Dog Top Gainer And Top Yielder Come July 2018EEP, GPC, IBM• Today, 9:05 AM • Fredrik ArnoldBlackstone's Imprimatur Opens A FelCor ArbitrageFCH, RLJ• Today, 8:10 AM • Dane Bowler•3 CommentsAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Today, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•33 CommentsDoing It Well Is What Separates The Best From The RestEditors' Pick • OHI• Today, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•64 CommentsLowe's Companies: A Fast-Growing Dividend King Worth ReviewingLOW• Today, 5:50 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsGeneral Dynamics: Another Solid Quarter, Overvaluation PersistsGD• Today, 3:30 AM • Sure Dividend•5 CommentsWashington Primed For A Large Short SqueezeWPG• Today, 1:07 AM • Trapping Value•39 Comments2 Fast-Growing, High-Yielding, Ludicrously Undervalued MLPs That Can Make You Very RichGLOP, MPLX• Yesterday, 11:15 PM • Dividend Sensei•23 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Yesterday, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•27 CommentsThis 8.7%-Yielding Monthly-Paying REIT Should Be In Everybody's Dividend PortfolioWSR• Yesterday, 6:24 PM • Achilles Research•17 CommentsFord: The Dividend Is All That MattersF• Yesterday, 6:11 PM • Josh Arnold•56 CommentsRealty Income: What I Feel As A New InvestorO• Yesterday, 5:02 PM • Jonathan Weber•13 CommentsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•23 CommentsSand In My Shoes: New Goals Yesterday, 2:36 PM • Brian Soule•8 CommentsStarwood Property Trust: Look For Book Value To Grow, Not The DividendSTWD• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Matthew Utesch•17 CommentsGrowth REITs: The Optimal REIT Portfolio For The GeneralistARE, CLI, DCT• Yesterday, 1:44 PM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•4 CommentsAnnaly Called NLY-A As I Expected, NLY-D Is Now The Logical ChoiceNLY• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•22 CommentsEnergy Powers Dividend Achiever Dog Gains In JulyAPU, BPL, EEP• Yesterday, 1:24 PM • Fredrik Arnold•2 CommentsARMOUR Residential: This One Was ImportantARR• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsBoeing: Sagging Yield Is A Warning SignBA• Yesterday, 11:54 AM • Stone Fox Capital•28 CommentsJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•23 CommentsEastgroup Properties: Pushing Through The Houston ProblemEGP• Yesterday, 11:00 AM • Beyond SavingAB InBev: Offering A Stock Dividend Would Be A Brilliant MoveBUD• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • The Investment Doctor•14 CommentsBuy This REIT For Its Dividend OnlyOHI• Yesterday, 10:05 AM • Jonathan Weber•58 CommentsWhat Was Found Inside McDonald's Might Surprise YouMCD• Yesterday, 9:46 AM • David Zanoni•7 CommentsI'm Afraid IBM Can't Make It This TimeIBM• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • The Dividend Guy•21 CommentsEnterprise Products Exporting Profits To InvestorsEPD• Yesterday, 8:54 AM • Callum Turcan•23 CommentsGreif: Voting Vs. Non-Voting Relative Value ArbitrageGEF, GEF.B• Yesterday, 8:44 AM • Kevin Mak, CFADividend Aristocrat On Sale, Yield 5.1%, Never Missed A Dividend Hike Since 1994Editors' Pick • SKT• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•82 Comments'Safer' Dividend Challenger Top 10 Dogs Aim For Big July GainsAES, BKEP, CHSP• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • Fredrik ArnoldKinder Morgan: Richard Kinder Never LiedKMI• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•50 CommentsStanley Black & Decker: 140 Consecutive Years Of Dividend Payments And Powerful BrandsSWK• Yesterday, 7:27 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•3 CommentsAnother Value Trap ConundrumEditors' Pick • SBRA• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•62 CommentsThe Amazon Effect: Medical Office Building REITs Next To Be Hit?DOC, HTA, AMZN• Yesterday, 6:32 AM • David Pinsen•34 CommentsTop 10 Challenger Dividend Dogs Seek Robust Net Gains To July 2018ABR, BKEP, DDR• Yesterday, 6:18 AM • Fredrik ArnoldDynex Capital Gets Discounted For Being RealisticDX• Yesterday, 5:27 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•4 CommentsFord Motor: Investors Are On StrikeF• Yesterday, 4:51 AM • Achilles Research•30 CommentsI Put In An Order For AGNCP'S 7.96% Dividend Yield Preferred ShareAGNC• Yesterday, 4:30 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•11 Comments3M: Still A Great Company After Q2 Earnings ReleaseMMM• Yesterday, 4:05 AM • Ploutos Investing•4 CommentsTootsie Roll Industries: A Very Safe Dividend King With Iconic BrandsTR• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:20 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•12 CommentsGenuine Parts: A Dividend King Trading At An 18-Month LowGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:03 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•17 CommentsWestpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•8 CommentsOil And Gas Companies With Excellent Fundamentals And Good Dividend Yields To Add To Your Portfolio, Part 2 - Total, Royal Dutch Shell Or BP?BRGXF, BP, RDS.A• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:45 PM • Dario Gonzalez•9 CommentsIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•45 CommentsMicrosoft: This Old Tech Company Becoming A New OneMSFT• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:28 PM • The Dividend Guy•22 CommentsWhy You Can't Afford To Miss European Small-CapsDFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:20 PM • WisdomTree•1 CommentLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•24 CommentsA True Contrarian Pick: The BuckleBKE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:07 PM • Ty Huggins•8 CommentsCanada's Top Insurance Companies: Sun Life FinancialSLF• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:21 PM • Mat Litalien•6 CommentsTPG Specialty Lending: Q2 Earnings Beat Will Likely Drive Special Dividends For This High-Quality BDCTSLX• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:07 PM • BDC Buzz•9 CommentsAmazon Fallout: Home Depot Vs. Lowe'sAMZN, HD, LOW• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:44 PM • Mat Litalien•7 CommentsGenuine Parts: The Dividend Is All That's LeftGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:18 PM • Josh Arnold•14 Comments20 Top Stocks For A Monthly Dividend PortfolioAAPL, ABBV, AMZN• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:31 PM • ETF Monkey•47 CommentsDividend Stock Analysis - Walgreens Boots AllianceWBA, CVS• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:20 PM • Dividend Diplomats•8 CommentsBoeing Is Hitting New All-Time HighsBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:45 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsUndervalued Aristocrats: Exclusive Dividend Aristocrat Buy And Sell Recommendations From Sure DividendDVY, SCHD, SDOG• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:42 PM • Sure Dividend•53 CommentsAmerisourceBergen: Safe And Steady GrowthABC• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:41 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•12 CommentsTeekay Offshore - Refinancing Risks Appear OverblownEditors' Pick • TK, TOO• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:01 PM • Downtown Investment Advisory•130 Comments'Safer' Dividend Contender Dogs Paced By Brinker Gains In JulyAMNF, DGICA, EAT• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 AM • Fredrik ArnoldGet Twice The Market's Dividend Yield With A Big And Cheap BankCM• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:38 AM • Jonathan Weber•18 CommentsDividend Contender Dogs Follow Energy Transfer's Top One-Year Gains For JulyAFSI, APU, BPL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:16 AM • Fredrik Arnold•2 Comments123456...783Next Page







Fundrise Equity Reit, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:36 PM ET

Company Overview of Fundrise Equity Reit, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



1519 Connecticut Avenue NorthwestSte 200Washington, DC 20036United States










Key Executives for Fundrise Equity Reit, LLC


Fundrise Equity Reit, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fundrise Equity Reit, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close









































Income eREIT | Fundrise


















Income eREIT




Start Investing




Start Investing




Overview





											Current Dividend 


											
												
												
													10.50%
												
											
										





											Net Asset Value 


											
												
													$9.82
												
												
											
										





											Investment Phase 

Operational





											Objective 

Cash flow






Performance


Dividends paid on $10,000 since inception ($)













Strategy


The Income eREIT focuses primarily on making debt investments in commercial real estate assets that generate steady cash flow. To date, the Income eREIT has executed on this strategy by identifying institutional quality assets of sub-institutional size, particularly in urban metro markets.The Income eREIT has followed three core principles in selecting potential assets:* Small Assets: We believe targeting assets that fall under the radar of big banks and investment funds allows us to achieve higher relative returns.* Regulatory Inefficiencies: Increased banking regulations as a result of the 2008 financial crisis have opened up new opportunities for more flexible lenders to expand into the market.* Urban Infill Location: Generally real estate assets located in the core of large cities benefit from higher demand, and higher pricing, due to the relative lack of supply.For more information on the Income eREIT's strategy and operations, please see our in-depth Performance Analysis Report. 




Allocation








Asset







Map



























Time Horizon



											The Income eREIT plans to look for opportunities to provide liquidity to its 
											investors after approximately 5 years.
										













High Probability
Moderate Probability
Low Probability









Liquidity



									While you should view your investment as long-term, you may be able to request 
									redemption of your shares on a quarterly basis, subject to certain limitations.
								



Holding Period From Date of Settlement

												Effective Redemption Price
												(as percentage of per share redemption price)
											




Less than 90 days
100%


90 days - 3 years
97%


3 years - 4 years
98%


4 - 5 years
99%


More than 5 years
100%



For full details see the "Quarterly Redemption Plan" section of the offering circulars available at www.fundrise.com/oc.












How to invest with Fundrise













Goal-based investment

													Become an investor as part of a wholistic
													investment goal alongside other eDirect investments.
												

Get started



Single investment

												If you’re not ready to try goal-based investing yet, you can still make a single direct investment.
											




{{option.label}}


{{verticalNavigation.amount| currency:$:0}}


Continue





























Why Fundrise


The Service


eDirect Technology


Historical Performance


Our Mission




Products


eREITs


eFunds




Company


About


Team


Careers


Press




Resources


Articles


Glossary


FAQ















contact@fundrise.com








							1601 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
							3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20009
						







































Fundrise, LLC (“Fundrise”) operates a website at fundrise.com (the “Site”). By using this website, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Any historical returns, expected returns, or probability projections may not reflect actual future performance. All securities involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. While the data we use from third parties is believed to be reliable, we cannot ensure the accuracy or completeness of data provided by investors or other third parties. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates provide tax advice and do not represent in any manner that the outcomes described herein will result in any particular tax consequence. Prospective investors should confer with their personal tax advisors regarding the tax consequences based on their particular circumstances. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates assume responsibility for the tax consequences for any investor of any investment. Full Disclosure

The publicly filed offering circulars of the issuers sponsored by Rise Companies Corp., not all of which may be currently qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may be found at fundrise.com/oc.
© 2017 Fundrise, LLC. All Rights Reserved. eREIT, eFund and eDirect are trademarks of Rise Companies Corp. Proudly designed and coded in Washington, DC.










































































































Consumer Finance NewsGet MoreFor Your Money™  CREDIT CARDS  TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD Edit pageConsumer Finance NewsDelta Expands Into Alaska Airlines' Territory With Flights To Medford And AustinFrontier To Add 85 Routes And 21 CitiesUnited Airlines To Halt Its Glasgow-New York Route For The WinterCLEAR Biometric Boarding Available At More Airports NowFiji Airways Just Announced Upgraded Business Class Lounge At LAXUnited Extends Newark-Rome Route To Compete With Norwegian's Year-Round ServiceMexico Announces Additional Security Measures For Flights Headed To The USJoon: France's New Airline For Millennials You Can Now Bid For A Better Seat On Cathay PacificPassengers Could Benefit From United's New Plan In Handling Overbooked Flights Hilton Imposes 48-Hour Cancellation PolicyAmerican Airlines Ending Partnership With Jet AirwaysBangkok Airways Now Offers Universal Lounge Access To All Passengers Saudi Arabian Airlines Electronics Ban LiftedGet Mosaic Status Through 2018 With JetBlue’s Latest OfferThe Ritz-Carlton's Own Cruise Line Will Be Ready In 2019Americans May Have To Pass Through Facial Scans To Board Flights SoonAlaska Airlines And American Airlines Will Devalue Partnership Starting January 1 2018Travelers Are Slow To Embrace Robots At American AirportsPod Hotels Are Fast Gaining Popularity British Airways Announces New Business Class Products For Club World FlyersPREV12345...68NEXT See more articles Sign up to our newsletterHi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000  using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers.WANT TO GETdiscounts & deals from all banks in one app?YesGet dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discountsNoI prefer to pay full price×How We Rate Credit CardsAt GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees.Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.














Growth eREIT | Fundrise


















Growth eREIT




Start Investing




Start Investing




Overview





											Current Dividend 


											
												
												
													8.00%
												
											
										





											Net Asset Value 


											
												
													$10.25
												
												
											
										





											Investment Phase 

Operational





											Objective 

Appreciation






Performance


Dividends paid on $10,000 since inception ($)













Strategy


The Growth eREIT focuses on acquiring and owning commercial real estate assets that have the potential to appreciate in value over time. This opportunistic investment strategy is centered primarily on multi-family assets of institutional quality that are sub-institutional in size.The Growth eREIT has followed three core principles in selecting potential assets:* Workforce Housing: There is a growing need for affordably-priced apartments, referred to as “workforce housing”. However, there is a limited supply of existing apartments that meet that demand. The result is that affordably priced apartments face little competition from newly built apartments. We believe this growing demand and lack of supply will result in existing “workforce housing” increasing in value over time.* Low Cost Basis: The Growth eREIT seeks to acquire properties below their replacement cost, a strategy known as “value investing”. In other words, the price paid to acquire a property is less than what it would cost someone else to build a similar property in the same location today. * Long-Term Fixed Financing: Interest rates on loans for acquiring apartment buildings are at historic lows. By securing long-term, fixed rate debt today, the Growth eREIT is able to maximize consistent cash-flow while also reducing volatility over the term of the investment.For more information on the Growth eREIT's strategy and operations, please see our in-depth Performance Analysis Report. 




Allocation








Asset







Map



























Time Horizon



											The Growth eREIT plans to look for opportunities to provide liquidity to its 
											investors after approximately 5 years.
										













High Probability
Moderate Probability
Low Probability









Liquidity



									While you should view your investment as long-term, you may be able to request 
									redemption of your shares on a quarterly basis, subject to certain limitations.
								



Holding Period From Date of Settlement

												Effective Redemption Price
												(as percentage of per share redemption price)
											




Less than 90 days
100%


90 days - 3 years
97%


3 years - 4 years
98%


4 - 5 years
99%


More than 5 years
100%



For full details see the "Quarterly Redemption Plan" section of the offering circulars available at www.fundrise.com/oc.



2016 Tax Form 8937











How to invest with Fundrise













Goal-based investment

													Become an investor as part of a wholistic
													investment goal alongside other eDirect investments.
												

Get started



Single investment

												If you’re not ready to try goal-based investing yet, you can still make a single direct investment.
											




{{option.label}}


{{verticalNavigation.amount| currency:$:0}}


Continue





























Why Fundrise


The Service


eDirect Technology


Historical Performance


Our Mission




Products


eREITs


eFunds




Company


About


Team


Careers


Press




Resources


Articles


Glossary


FAQ















contact@fundrise.com








							1601 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
							3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20009
						







































Fundrise, LLC (“Fundrise”) operates a website at fundrise.com (the “Site”). By using this website, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Any historical returns, expected returns, or probability projections may not reflect actual future performance. All securities involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. While the data we use from third parties is believed to be reliable, we cannot ensure the accuracy or completeness of data provided by investors or other third parties. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates provide tax advice and do not represent in any manner that the outcomes described herein will result in any particular tax consequence. Prospective investors should confer with their personal tax advisors regarding the tax consequences based on their particular circumstances. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates assume responsibility for the tax consequences for any investor of any investment. Full Disclosure

The publicly filed offering circulars of the issuers sponsored by Rise Companies Corp., not all of which may be currently qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may be found at fundrise.com/oc.
© 2017 Fundrise, LLC. All Rights Reserved. eREIT, eFund and eDirect are trademarks of Rise Companies Corp. Proudly designed and coded in Washington, DC.













































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Fundrise To Offer Novel Product For Real Estate InvestorsGet MoreFor Your Money™  CREDIT CARDS  TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD Fundrise To Offer Novel Product For Real Estate InvestorsFundrise, the crowdfunding platform for commercial real estate investors, last week filed plans with the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch an offering under Regulation A+ for a real estate investment trust (REIT). Regulation A+, a modification of an earlier rule, results from Title IV of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012. It allows non-accredited investors to purchase certain securities that previously were available only to accredited investors. The filing, a preliminary offering circular, seeks permission to launch a $50 million IPO for the Fundrise Real Estate Investment Trust, LLC. The REIT shares will be available for sale only on Fundrise's website, not through brokers or exchanges. By eliminating broker fees and distributing shares online, Fundrise will reduce the offering's costs, and the savings of 70 to 90 percent of upfront expenses will be passed down to investors, according to the filing. By invoking Regulation A+, Fundrise avoids having to register the REIT shares with the SEC and allows non-accredited investors access to the REIT shares. An accredited investor has either $1 million in net wealth (excluding a primary residence) or income of at least $200,000 ($300,000 for joint tax filers) in each of the previous two years. Regulation A+ provides a safe harbor for companies to raise up to $50 million through the public issuance of non-registered securities. Up to now, real estate crowdfunding platforms could market to the general public but could only sell securities to accredited investors. Regulation A+, which went live in May 2015, stems from Title IV of the JOBS Act and should not be confused with Title III equity crowdfunding rules, now in final review and slated to become operational in the second quarter of 2016.Non-accredited investors will be able to invest in the Fundrise REIT to the extent of 10 percent of their net worth or annual income, whichever is greater. Fundrise will price the REIT shares at $1,000 each, meaning that folks with net worth or annual income as low as $10,000 will be able to invest. REITS are basically mutual funds for real estate properties. When you buy REIT shares, you own a proportional amount of the underlying portfolio of real estate investments controlled by the REIT manager. REITs are a way for investors to achieve instant diversification within the real estate sector. REIT investors are completely passive, in that they have no managerial responsibilities related to the portfolio properties. In its filing, Fundrise explicitly points out a number of risks to investors, including:Requiring investors to hold their shares for up to three months, as share redemption will be available on a quarterly basis.The REIT shares may turn out not be safe and viable.The disclosures required of a Regulation A+ REIT are substantially less than those of registered, listed REITs. Simply put, investors will have less information with which to make decisions.Fundrise has no experience as a REIT operator.There is no secondary market to sell the REIT shares, and Fundrise has no plans to list the shares on a trading exchange.Eric Bankupdated  Nov 24, 2015TweetEric Bank is a contributing writer at GET.com. Email: eric.bank@get.com.Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities.At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity on our content & provide transparent & unbiased information. Companies don't pay us to include their products although we receive a compensation when you successfully apply to products from our partners. See how we make money here.At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity.CommentsAt GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good ReadingIRS Opens New Tax Resource For The Sharing EconomySome Small Airlines Allow Sharing Of Frequent Flyer MilesUber Drivers Can Now Get Paid Via Debit CardsRetirement Savers Face Narrowing ChoicesSign up to our newsletterHi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000  using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers.WANT TO GETdiscounts & deals from all banks in one app?YesGet dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discountsNoI prefer to pay full price×How We Rate Credit CardsAt GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees.Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    






Review of Fundrise's eREIT vs Traditional REIT

























































































Free Course
 YouTube Videos
Blog
Podcast
Forum
Subscribe
Advertise
Ask Sal a Question








Home • Free Intro Crowdfunding Course 
Review of Fundrise’s eREIT vs Traditional REIT


Published by Salvador Briggman. Find him on Twitter.











 




 




 




I’ve been talking a lot about Real Estate Crowdfunding in the last year. I’ve even gone so far as to write an Amazon ebook on the topic.
The reason that I want to put RECF on everyone’s radar, along with Fundrise’s new Income and Growth eREIT, is because I believe that technology is fundamentally changing a historically archaic industry.
Whenever an industry is being disrupted by a tech startup, my ears perk up. You can smell opportunity in the air. I love it.
However, just because these new investment options exist, doesn’t mean that they are right for you.
That’s why I want to delve in-depth into some of the differences between an eREIT and a traditional REIT, along with whether or not you should add a Fundrise eREIT to your real estate investment portfolio.
A Traditional REIT
REITs, or real estate investment trusts, came about in the 1960s to give investors a way to invest in real estate the way they invest in stocks. Basically, the REIT owns income-producing real estate and you, as the investor, own shares of the REIT. These shares pay out dividends and naturally have market value.
As of 2014, “The global index included 456 stock exchange listed real estate companies from 37 countries representing an equity market capitalization of about $2 trillion (with approximately 78% of that total from REITs).”
The majority of REITs out there are publicly traded on the stock market, giving them a high degree of liquidity. If you want to get out of an investment, you just have to sell your shares.
When you’re investing, there are two types of REITs to choose from, Equity REITs and Mortgage REITs.
As you’d guess, Equity REITs focus on delivering dividends to their investors from income-producing properties. The mangers of these properties will be collecting rents from residential and commercial real estate. You’ll also benefit from their efforts spent buying and selling assets that are a part of the portfolio.
On the other hand, Mortgage REITs invest in real estate mortgages and mortgaged-backed securities. Think of these as simple debt or fixed-income investments. You’ll be collecting dividends when the mortgages pay out interest or when the portfolio managers sell off mortgages. Mortgage REITs are also publicly traded.
If you’d like to learn more about REITs, I’d recommend checking out this simple guide which provides a good overview of the investment class.
The biggest takeaway from traditional REITs is that they’re:

Liquid
Publicly traded
Bought through a broker

Fundrise’s eREIT

Fundrise announced the launch of their eREIT at the end of 2015 and it’s been growing like wildfire, with over $70 million already invested in 2016.
Their eREIT falls under the newly created Regulation A+ rules, which allows offers to solicit investment from the general public for up to $50 million over a continuous period. This means that both accredited and non-accredited investors can invest in their Income or Growth eREIT.
With investment minimums as low a $1,000, Fundrise’s eREIT is similar to a traditional REIT, but there are a few key exceptions.
Liquidity: The eREIT is NOT publicly traded. This is both a pro and a con. On the positive side, the price of your shares is not subject to the volatility of the stock market. On the downside, it’s not as easy for you to instantly sell your shares and get out of the investment. Think of it as more of a long-term investment.
Fees and Investment Model: When you’re purchasing a traditional REIT, you’re going through a broker. You make the order and they make the purchase. You’re naturally going to incur fees from the middle man. With Fundrise, you’re purchasing the securities directly through the platform. You’re directly interacting with the offerer. That’s why the fees will differ with Fundrise.
“Assuming a fully subscribed offering, each eREIT anticipates having a reimbursement of organizational expenses of approximately 2%, marketing and distribution expenses of each offering up to 1%, and annual ongoing asset management fees and operational expenses of approximately 1-1.5%.
Ongoing asset management fees of between 1-1.5% is significantly lower than the fees that are associated with a traditional REIT, which also doesn’t take into account broker costs.
Remember how we divided traditional REITs into the Equity or Mortgage category? You can adopt a similar mindset when looking through the Fundrise Growth eREIT and Income eREIT.
The website reads, “The Income eREIT intends to acquire assets that pay returns on a more current basis, which is anticipated to produce more predictable and reliable cash flows; however, the Growth eREIT intends to acquire assets that it expects to have greater appreciation over time, which may produce larger returns but less frequent distributions.”
Basically, the Growth eREIT focuses on equity assets that appreciate over time and produce cashflows and the Income eREIT focuses on debt or fixed-income assets that produce cashflows from interest payments.
The biggest takeaway is that you can use Fundrise to invest in real estate with lower fees, but the REITs won’t be publicly traded.
Which should you choose?
It comes down to your investment goals, time horizon, and comfort when it comes to risk. Keep in mind that all investments are inherently risky. Real estate crowdfunding is no different. Al
If you’re interested in learning more about Real Estate Crowdfunding, go and check out my other website with all of my best content on the topic. I’ll also include a YouTube video down below sharing some of the other top real estate crowdfunding sites in the space. Also, this post contains affiliate links.

Happy investing!
Share:TwitterLinkedInFacebookPinterest


Weekly Success Tips
Want to receive awesome valuable resources that will help you run a successful Kickstarter, Indiegogo, or other type of crowdfunding campaign?  Join 3,000+ other readers working hard to make their dream a reality.













RURALTY™



.
We ready to start an eREIT ourselves. Requesting any legal specialists in this new funding method to contact us.






Kdog✓ᴹᴱˣᴵᶜᴼ ᵂᴵᴸᴸ ᴾᴬʸ ᶠᴼᴿ ᵂᴬᴸᴸ



no
















Join 20,000+ other readers working hard to make their dream a reality.




































Custom Search


     
 Login to Forum 




Who is Behind CrowdCrux?  Salvador Briggman is a blogger, entrepreneur, and web developer. He is passionate about the crowdfunding industry and helping people reach their fundraising goals through behind-the-scenes interviews of successful crowdfunders, marketing tips, promotional resources, and more.  Read more about Sal on Linkedin or Contact Him. Follow him on Twitter, LinkedIn, or Google+.







About
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Advertise










 












Entries (RSS) · Comments (RSS) Copyright 2013 by Salvador Briggman LLC All Rights Reserved.



