




SEC Info - Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC - ‘1-A’ on 3/31/17










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC – ‘1-A’ on 3/31/17On:  Friday, 3/31/17, at 2:32pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1144204-17-18089   ·   File #:  24-10691
Previous ‘1-A’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘1-A/A’ on 4/25/17   ·   Latest:  ‘1-A/A’ on 5/4/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 3/31/17  Fundrise For-Sale Housing..CA LLC 1-A                   11:4.9M                                   Vintage/FAF-->Offering Statement — Reg. A   —   Form 1-AFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 1-A         Offering Statement -- Reg. A -- primary_doc.xml     HTML     13K 
 2: PART II AND III  Parts II & III -- Form 1-A                     HTML   1.13M 
 3: EX1A-2A CHARTER  Exhibit 2.1                                    HTML      6K 
 4: EX1A-2A CHARTER  Exhibit 2.2                                    HTML      6K 
 5: EX1A-2B BYLAWS  Exhibit 2.3                                     HTML    216K 
 6: EX1A-6 MAT CTRCT  Exhibit 6.1                                   HTML     26K 
 7: EX1A-6 MAT CTRCT  Exhibit 6.2                                   HTML     12K 
 8: EX1A-6 MAT CTRCT  Exhibit 6.3                                   HTML     35K 
 9: EX1A-11 CONSENT  Exhibit 11.2                                   HTML      6K 
10: EX1A-12 OPN CNSL  Exhibit 12.1                                  HTML     10K 
11: EX1A-15 ADD EXHB  Exhibit 15.4                                  HTML    100K 

D-->1-A   —   Offering Statement — Reg. A — primary_doc.xml
P-->

This document is an XML File that may be rendered in various formats:Form 1-A  –  Plain Text  –  EDGAR System  –  SEC Website  –  XML Listing  –  <?xml?> File  




schemaVersion:
Form 1-A Issuer Information
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 1-A

REGULATION A OFFERING STATEMENT

UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
OMB APPROVAL
FORM 1-A
OMB Number:  ####-####Estimated average burden hours per response: ##.#1-A: Filer InformationIssuer CIK0001660987 Issuer CCCXXXXXXXX DOS File Number Offering File Number 
Is this a LIVE or TEST Filing?

LIVE

TEST

Would you like a Return Copy?
﻿
Notify via Filing Website only?
﻿
Since Last Filing?
﻿Submission Contact InformationName Phone E-Mail Address 1-A: Item 1. Issuer InformationIssuer Infomation Exact name of issuer as specified in the issuer's
charter
Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC Jurisdiction of Incorporation / Organization 
DELAWARE
 Year of Incorporation 2015 CIK 0001660987 Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code REAL ESTATE I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 61-1775059 Total number of full-time employees 0 Total number of part-time employees 0 Contact Infomation Address of Principal Executive OfficesAddress 1 1601 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW Address 2 SUITE 300 City WASHINGTON State/Country 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
 Mailing Zip/ Postal Code 20009 Phone202-584-0550 Provide the following information for the person the
Securities
and Exchange Commission's staff should call in
connection with any
pre-qualification review of the offering
statement.
Name Benjamin S. Miller Address 1  Address 2  City  State/Country  Mailing Zip/ Postal Code Phone Provide up to two e-mail addresses to which
the
Securities and
Exchange Commission's staff may send any comment
letters relating to
the offering statement. After qualification of
the offering
statement, such e-mail addresses are not required to
remain active.
Financial Statements 
Industry Group (select one)

Banking

Insurance

Other

Use the financial statements for the most recent period
contained in
this offering statement to provide the following
information about
the issuer. The following table does not include
all of the line
items from the financial statements. Long Term Debt
would include
notes payable, bonds, mortgages, and similar
obligations. To
determine "Total Revenues" for all companies
selecting "Other" for
their industry group, refer to Article
5-03(b)(1) of Regulation
S-X. For companies selecting "Insurance",
refer to Article 7-04 of
Regulation S-X for calculation of "Total
Revenues" and paragraphs 5
and 7 of Article 7-04 for "Costs and
Expenses Applicable to
Revenues".
Balance Sheet InformationCash and Cash Equivalents
$
5000.00 Investment Securities
$
0.00 Total Investments
$
 Accounts and Notes Receivable
$
0.00 Loans
$
 Property, Plant and Equipment (PP&E):
$
0.00 Property and Equipment
$
 Total Assets
$
5000.00 Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
$
0.00 Policy Liabilities and Accruals
$
 Deposits
$
 Long Term Debt
$
0.00 Total Liabilities
$
0.00 Total Stockholders' Equity
$
5000.00 Total Liabilities and Equity
$
5000.00 Income Statement InformationTotal Revenues
$
0.00 Total Interest Income
$
 Costs and Expenses Applicable to Revenues
$
0.00 Total Interest Expenses
$
 Depreciation and Amortization
$
0.00 Net Income
$
0.00 Earnings Per Share - Basic
$
0.00 Earnings Per Share - Diluted
$
0.00 Name of Auditor (if any)RSM US LLP Outstanding Securities Common EquityName of Class (if any) Common Equity
Common Shares Common Equity Units Outstanding
500 Common Equity CUSIP (if any):
000000000 Common Equity Units Name of Trading Center or Quotation Medium (if any)
N/A Preferred EquityPreferred Equity Name of Class (if any)
N/A Preferred Equity Units Outstanding
0 Preferred Equity CUSIP (if any)
000000000 Preferred Equity Name of Trading Center or Quotation Medium (if any)
N/A Debt SecuritiesDebt Securities Name of Class (if any)
N/A Debt Securities Units Outstanding
0 Debt Securities CUSIP (if any):
000000000 Debt Securities Name of Trading Center or Quotation Medium (if any)
N/A 1-A: Item 2. Issuer EligibilityIssuer Eligibility Check this box to certify that all of the following statements
are true for the issuer(s)Organized under the laws of the United States or Canada, or any
State, Province, Territory or possession thereof, or the District
of Columbia.Principal place of business is in the United States or Canada.Not subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.Not a development stage company that either (a) has no specific
business plan or purpose, or (b) has indicated that its business
plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies.Not an investment company registered or required to be
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940.Not issuing fractional undivided interests in oil or gas rights,
or a similar interest in other mineral rights.Not issuing asset-backed securities as defined in Item 1101 (c)
of Regulation AB.Not, and has not been, subject to any order of the Commission
entered pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78l(j)) within five years before the filing of this offering
statement.Has filed with the Commission all the reports it was required to
file, if any, pursuant to Rule 257 during the two years immediately
before the filing of the offering statement (or for such shorter
period that the issuer was required to file such reports).
1-A: Item 3. Application of Rule 262Application Rule 262 Check this box to certify that, as of the time of this filing,
each person described in Rule 262 of Regulation A is either not
disqualified under that rule or is disqualified but has received a
waiver of such disqualification.
Check this box if "bad actor" disclosure under Rule 262(d) is
provided in Part II of the offering statement.
1-A: Item 4. Summary Information Regarding the Offering and Other
Current or Proposed OfferingsSummary Infomation 
Check the appropriate box to indicate whether you are
conducting
a Tier 1 or Tier 2 offering

Tier1

Tier2

Check the appropriate box to indicate whether the
financial statements
have been audited

Unaudited

Audited

Types of Securities Offered in this Offering Statement
(select
all that apply)
Equity (common or preferred stock) 
Does the issuer intend to offer the securities on a
delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 251(d)(3)?

Yes

No

Does the issuer intend this offering to last more than
one year?

Yes

No

Does the issuer intend to price this offering after
qualification
pursuant to Rule 253(b)?

Yes

No

Will the issuer be conducting a best efforts offering?

Yes

No

Has the issuer used solicitation of interest
communications in
connection with the proposed offering?

Yes

No

Does the proposed offering involve the resale of
securities by
affiliates of the issuer?

Yes

No
Number of securities offered
5000000 Number of securities of that class outstanding
500 
The information called for by this item below may be omitted if
undetermined at the time of filing or submission, except that if a
price range has been included in the offering statement, the midpoint
of that range must be used to respond. Please refer to Rule 251(a)
for the definition of "aggregate offering price" or "aggregate sales"
as used in this item. Please leave the field blank if undetermined at
this time and include a zero if a particular item is not applicable
to the offering.

Price per security

$
10.0000 The portion of the aggregate offering price
attributable to securities being offered on behalf of the issuer

$
50000000.00 The portion of the aggregate offering price
attributable to securities being offered on behalf of selling
securityholders

$
0.00 The portion of the aggregate offering price
attributable to all the securities of the issuer sold pursuant to a
qualified offering statement within the 12 months before the
qualification of this offering statement

$
0.00 The estimated portion of aggregate sales attributable
to securities that may be sold pursuant to any other qualified
offering statement concurrently with securities being sold under
this offering statement

$
0.00 Total (the sum of the aggregate offering price and
aggregate sales in the four preceding paragraphs)

$
50000000.00 Anticipated fees in connection with this offering and names of
service providers
Underwriters - Name of Service Provider
﻿Underwriters - Fees

$
 Sales Commissions - Name of Service Provider
﻿Sales Commissions - Fee

$
 Finders' Fees - Name of Service Provider
﻿Finders' Fees - Fees

$
 Audit - Name of Service Provider
RSM US LLPAudit - Fees

$
15000.00 Legal - Name of Service Provider
Goodwin Procter LLPLegal - Fees

$
312500.00 Promoters - Name of Service Provider
Rise Companies CorpPromoters - Fees

$
0.00 Blue Sky Compliance - Name of Service Provider
﻿Blue Sky Compliance - Fees

$
 CRD Number of any broker or dealer listed:
 Estimated net proceeds to the issuer

$
49500000.00 Clarification of responses (if necessary)
 1-A: Item 5. Jurisdictions in Which Securities are to be OfferedJurisdictions in Which Securities are to be Offered
Using the list below, select the jurisdictions in which
the
issuer intends to offer the securities
Selected States and Jurisdictions

ALABAMA

ALASKA

ARIZONA

ARKANSAS

CALIFORNIA

COLORADO

CONNECTICUT

DELAWARE

FLORIDA

GEORGIA

HAWAII

IDAHO

ILLINOIS

INDIANA

IOWA

KANSAS

KENTUCKY

LOUISIANA

MAINE

MARYLAND

MASSACHUSETTS

MICHIGAN

MINNESOTA

MISSISSIPPI

MISSOURI

MONTANA

NEBRASKA

NEVADA

NEW HAMPSHIRE

NEW JERSEY

NEW MEXICO

NEW YORK

NORTH CAROLINA

NORTH DAKOTA

OHIO

OKLAHOMA

OREGON

PENNSYLVANIA

RHODE ISLAND

SOUTH CAROLINA

SOUTH DAKOTA

TENNESSEE

TEXAS

UTAH

VERMONT

VIRGINIA

WASHINGTON

WEST VIRGINIA

WISCONSIN

WYOMING

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

PUERTO RICO

Using the list below, select the jurisdictions in which the
securities are to be offered by underwriters, dealers or sales
persons or check the appropriate box

None
﻿
Same as the jurisdictions in which the issuer intends
to offer the securities
﻿Selected States and Jurisdictions
﻿1-A: Item 6. Unregistered Securities Issued or Sold Within One
YearUnregistered Securities Issued or Sold Within One Year

None
Unregistered Securities Issued
As to any unregistered securities issued by the issuer of any of
its predecessors or affiliated issuers within one year before the
filing of this Form 1-A, state:
(a)Name of such issuerFundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC (b)(1) Title of securities issuedCommon Shares (2) Total Amount of such securities issued500(3) Amount of such securities sold by or for the
account of any person who at the time was a director, officer,
promoter or principal securityholder of the issuer of such
securities, or was an underwriter of any securities of such issuer.500 (c)(1) Aggregate consideration for which the securities
were issued and basis for computing the amount thereof.$5,000 ($10.00 per common share) (2) Aggregate consideration for which the securities
listed in (b)(3) of this item (if any) were issued and the basis
for computing the amount thereof (if different from the basis
described in (c)(1)).
same as above Unregistered Securities Act
(d) Indicate the section of the Securities Act or
Commission rule or regulation relied upon for exemption from the
registration requirements of such Act and state briefly the facts
relied upon for such exemption
Rise Companies Corp. has purchased 500 common shares for a purchase price of $5,000 in a private offering. Such issuance was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof. ↑TopFiling Submission 0001144204-17-018089   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 21:36:58.0 GMT 
 


Fundrise Files Reg A+: "For Sale Housing eFUND", New Real Estate Investment Offer - Crowdfund Insider





































































































Featured
Marketplaces
Offerings
Blockchain & Digital Currency
Fintech
More 

Home
Global
Strategy
Politics
Real Estate
Asia
Insurtech
Canada
Events
Opinion
Women Changing Finance
The Ultimate Crowdfunding Guide
About Us
Submit a Tip – Contact Us








Search





























Fundrise Files Reg A+: “For Sale Housing eFUND”, New Real Estate Investment Offer
 Tweet2 Share8 Share14 +15 Reddit Pin EmailShares 29

April 5, 2017 @ 4:38 pm By JD Alois 



Fundrise is adding a new investment vehicle to its growing list of opportunities for smaller investors. This time the real estate marketplace has filed a Form 1-A with the SEC for a “Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND”.
Fundrise started as a pure real-estate crowdfunding platform offering investors the chance to invest in both small and larger single properties. After rethinking their mission, Fundrise took the updated “Reg A+” exemption and launched a series of “eREITs”. These unlisted funds first focused on income or capital gains and then Fundrise created a series of geographically focused eREITs.  Now Fundrise is looking to develop single family attached and detached homes, including condos in southern California.
As the filing explains:
“In what we believe will be an innovative approach to combining real estate investment opportunities with home buying opportunities, we will primarily target the marketing of this offering and our For-Sale Housing to potential “homebuyer investors” (“HBIs”) in the Los Angeles, CA MSA, giving our homebuyer investors (HBIs) certain incentives, such as first-access or first-right to purchase homes as determined by our Manager, before they are widely marketed and giving us the opportunity to create a built-in market of prospective purchasers for our For-Sale Housing. For purposes of this Offering Circular, a “homebuyer investor”(or “HBI”) refers to an investor on the Fundrise Platform that ultimately buys For-Sale Housing from us.”
As with their other Reg A+ filings, Fundrise is seeking a maximum amount of $50 million (the legal limit).
For investors, the objective is to pay distributions from cash flow from operations as a partnership which means different taxation for investors (IE you receive a K-1)
Fundrise believes there is significant opportunity in the Millennial generation as they move on and move out to purchase their own homes. Fundrise says that according to the Demand Institute,, Millennials will pour $1.6 trillion into new home purchases, compared with $600 billion on rent. Fundrise wants to capitalize on that latent demand. They see an opportunity to target specific metropolitan areas where there is a supply/demand imbalance.
“Fundrise eFUNDs can use online tools to source interested homebuyers and help the homebuyer navigate a complicated and competitive process to purchase a home. The eFUND, specializing in for-sale housing in a geographic region, allows a homebuyer investor (HBI) to gain valuable market and real estate knowledge about their future home options while also allowing them to capitalize on a trend that they are actively participating in.”
Fundrise is one of the most successful real estate crowdfunding platforms in the US. Fundrise trailblazed crowdfunding before crowdfunding was a widely disseminated process to sell securities. The eFUND offer is not yet live on the Fundrise platform but you can expect an announcement fairly soon.
 
Have a crowdfunding offering you'd like to share?  Submit an offering for consideration using our Submit a Tip form and we may share it on our site! 










		Sponsored Links by DQ Promote			

 Tweet2 Share8 Share14 +15 Reddit Pin EmailShares 29








FundraisingScript



Great, crowdfunding is limitless and one can use it for almost anything to help support community, business and individuals. Start your own customized crowdfunding website now using our white lable crowdfunding software: https://goo.gl/hizCYz




Pingback: Fundrise Files Reg A+: “For Sale Housing eFUND”, New Real Estate Investment Offer - Growth CapitalistGrowth Capitalist()








 





Subscribe to our weekly email

Email Address 





 






 




Sponsored Links by DQ Promote 

. 



. 
. 




 












Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (58)
Industry: REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]CIK Number: 0001648956IRS Number: 352536661

Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC address1519 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NWSTE 200WASHINGTON 20036
Earliest known filing
September 2015
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC has 58 filings. View Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC filings.
Similar companiesFundrise Fund, LLC, FUNDRISE 1351 H STREET LLC, Fundrise 1539 7th Street NW LLC, Fundrise Transfer Station LLC, Fundrise Burnside LLC, Fundrise Politics & Prose Georgetowne LLC, FUNDRISE, L.P., Fundrise Investments, LLC, Fundrise Investments III, LLC, Fundrise Investments II, LLC, Fundrise Investments IV, LLC, Fundrise Investments V, LLC, Fundrise Investments 6, LLC, Fundrise Investments 7, LLC, Fundrise Investments 8, LLC, Fundrise Investments 9, LLC, Fundrise Investments 10, LLC, Fundrise Investments 12, LLC, Fundrise Investments 15, LLC, Fundrise Investments 16, LLC, Fundrise Investments 17, LLC, Fundrise 3 World Trade Center LLC, FUNDRISE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST, LLC, Fundrise East Coast Opportunistic REIT, LLC, Fundrise West Coast Opportunistic REIT, LLC, Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Washington DC, LLC, Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC, Fundrise Midland Opportunistic REIT, LLC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Fundrise Equity REIT, LLC. 




















eFunds™ | Fundrise



















Urban Housing Development eFunds™
Now, you can invest directly into building new homes for the next generation of American homeowners.




What is an eFund?



								Fundrise eFunds are a new tax-efficient alternative investment that gives everyday investors direct
								access to a professionally managed, diversified portfolio of for-sale housing in core US cities.
							

















SALE




For-sale housing

									Invest in single-family home
									building in core US cities
								











Diversified

									Each eFund intends to invest
									in many individual assets
								





















Passive growth

									Target long-term growth
									through appreciation
								













Direct-to-investor

									Save up to 40% on costs
									via our technology model
								











								Home ownership is important to millenials,
								but they want to live in the city.
							













75%




										believe home ownership
										is an important long-term goal
									







51%




										more likely to live in cities
										than other age groups
									


Source: Demand Institute; January 2015













The opportunity of a generation
The demand for reasonably priced new homes in cities is undeniable, and now you can invest in it.
Within the top US urban centers, there is endemic undersupply of housing which is priced within reach of millenial homebuyers. The eFunds intend to capitalize on the key demographic trends that have created pent up demand for affordable for-sale housing, including education and cultural shifts, a strong preference for a walkable, urban lifestyle, and an increasingly attractive buy versus rent cost analysis.
As Millennials shift from renting to home buying in the coming years, the eFunds aim to meet demand for attached homes and condos in high-growth neighborhoods in these core metro areas.
Graphic source: Bloomberg calculations using data from US Census Bureau, Zillow Group Inc, Bankrate.com






How does the investment work?



								Each eFund intends to invest in the acquisition of properties for the development and sale of single-family 
								homes. You earn potential returns based on any profits from the sale of the completed homes,
								and you may receive periodic cash distributions as the properties are sold.
							










1. Buy
We acquire property for the development and sale of homes in high-growth neighborhoods of major cities – places where young people actually want to live.









2. Develop
We build these homes to fit the needs of first-time, move-up, and active adult homebuyers — an underserved demographic in most urban areas.









3. Sell
Once the homes are complete, we leverage our national investor network to source interested homebuyers, and your return comes from any profits upon sale.










Quick facts



Minimum investment
$1,000


Distributions
Periodic, upon sale of assets


Time horizon
Approximately 5 years


Tax docs
Annual Form K-1


Fees
0.85% annual asset mgmt. fee










						Fundrise investors can earn more than
						investors in traditional portfolios.
					


Hypothetical growth of a $10,000 investment

Hypothetical growth of a $10,000 investment. Learn more about the assumptions in this section, or view our full disclosure.







						eFunds are available exclusively through Fundrise,
						the first low-cost private market investment advisor. 
					



								Our low-cost, online only investment model enables you to access to the eFunds
								and other high-potential private market investments through a simple service.
							











									Washington, DC eFund
								










									Los Angeles eFund
								










4.9



203 Google reviews
as of May 5, 2017
















Fundrise Portfolio
“Fundrise Portfolio” is the hypothetical projected return of a portfolio of commercial real estate, based the weighted average projected annual return of (a) the Fundrise Growth eREIT, for Rise Companies Corp. sponsored appreciation-focused investment products (such as joint-venture equity), based on the analysis included in the the Growth eREIT Performance Analysis, and (b) the Fundrise Income eREIT, for Rise Companies Corp. sponsored income-focused investment products (such as senior loans), based on (i) the analysis included in the Income eREIT Performance Analysis, (ii) discounted by approximately 20 – 30% to take into account potential default risks over the long-term. Accordingly, the projected annual returns under such methodology is approximately 11.95% and 8.00% for Rise sponsored appreciation focused investments and income focused investments, respectively, inclusive of appreciation and dividend reinvestment, and net of fees.
Traditional Portfolio
“Traditional Portfolio” is the hypothetical projected return of a portfolio of public equities (stocks), based on the California Public Employees Retirement System’s average annual return on public equities over the 20-year period from 1996 to 2016, which was 8.20%, inclusive of appreciation and dividend reinvestment, and net of fees.
Wall Street Journal, “Calpers Is Sick of Paying Too Much for Private Equity,” April 16, 2017












Why Fundrise


The Service


eDirect Technology


Historical Performance


Our Mission




Products


eREITs


eFunds




Company


About


Team


Careers


Press




Resources


Articles


Glossary


FAQ















contact@fundrise.com








							1601 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
							3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20009
						







































Fundrise, LLC (“Fundrise”) operates a website at fundrise.com (the “Site”). By using this website, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Any historical returns, expected returns, or probability projections may not reflect actual future performance. All securities involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. While the data we use from third parties is believed to be reliable, we cannot ensure the accuracy or completeness of data provided by investors or other third parties. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates provide tax advice and do not represent in any manner that the outcomes described herein will result in any particular tax consequence. Prospective investors should confer with their personal tax advisors regarding the tax consequences based on their particular circumstances. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates assume responsibility for the tax consequences for any investor of any investment. Full Disclosure

The publicly filed offering circulars of the issuers sponsored by Rise Companies Corp., not all of which may be currently qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may be found at fundrise.com/oc.
© 2017 Fundrise, LLC. All Rights Reserved. eREIT, eFund and eDirect are trademarks of Rise Companies Corp. Proudly designed and coded in Washington, DC.































































































Washington DC eFund | Fundrise


















Washington DC eFund




Start Investing




Start Investing




Overview





											Current Dividend 


											
												
													—
												
												
											
										





											Net Asset Value 


											
												
												
													—
												
											
										





											Investment Phase 

Ramp Up





											Objective 

Appreciation






Performance




												Performance data not available
											

												The performance data for this offering will be available once the offering acquires 
												assets and declares dividends. For any inquiries, please reach out to your 
												dedicated Investments Team at investments@fundrise.com.
											





Strategy


The Washington, DC eFund plans to acquire properties for the development of For-Sale Housing targeted at first-time, move-up, and active adult homebuyers in the Washington, DC metropolitan statistical area (MSA). The eFund intends to primarily target equity investments in homes, townhomes, and condominiums in the area.Among the top MSAs and urban centers in the nation, there is endemic undersupply of affordable housing available to Millennial homebuyers. The eFund intends to capitalize on the key demographic trends that have created a pent up demand for affordable for-sale housing, including education and cultural trends, a strong preference for walkable, urban centers, and an increasingly attractive buy versus rent cost analysis. As Millennials shift from renting to home buying in the coming years, the eFund aims to meet demand for attached homes and condos in growth neighborhoods adjacent to major metropolitan cities, such as Washington, DC.




Allocation




												Allocation data not available
											

												The allocation data for this offering will be available once the offering acquires 
												assets. For any inquiries, please reach out to your dedicated Investments Team at investments@fundrise.com.
											





Time Horizon



											The Washington DC eFund plans to look for opportunities to provide liquidity to its 
											investors after approximately 5 years. Investors may receive periodic partial 
											return of principal as we sell assets in the eFund.
										













High Probability
Moderate Probability
Low Probability









Liquidity



									While you should view your investment as long-term, you may be able to request 
									redemption of your shares on a quarterly basis, subject to certain limitations.
								



Holding Period From Date of Settlement

												Effective Redemption Price
												(as percentage of per share redemption price)
											




Original settlement date - 3 years
97%


3 years - 4 years
98%


4 - 5 years
99%


More than 5 years
100%



For full details see the "Quarterly Redemption Plan" section of the offering circulars available at www.fundrise.com/oc.












How to invest with Fundrise













Goal-based investment

													Become an investor as part of a wholistic
													investment goal alongside other eDirect investments.
												

Get started



Single investment

												If you’re not ready to try goal-based investing yet, you can still make a single direct investment.
											




{{option.label}}


{{verticalNavigation.amount| currency:$:0}}


Continue





























Why Fundrise


The Service


eDirect Technology


Historical Performance


Our Mission




Products


eREITs


eFunds




Company


About


Team


Careers


Press




Resources


Articles


Glossary


FAQ















contact@fundrise.com








							1601 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
							3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20009
						







































Fundrise, LLC (“Fundrise”) operates a website at fundrise.com (the “Site”). By using this website, you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Any historical returns, expected returns, or probability projections may not reflect actual future performance. All securities involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. While the data we use from third parties is believed to be reliable, we cannot ensure the accuracy or completeness of data provided by investors or other third parties. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates provide tax advice and do not represent in any manner that the outcomes described herein will result in any particular tax consequence. Prospective investors should confer with their personal tax advisors regarding the tax consequences based on their particular circumstances. Neither Fundrise nor any of its affiliates assume responsibility for the tax consequences for any investor of any investment. Full Disclosure

The publicly filed offering circulars of the issuers sponsored by Rise Companies Corp., not all of which may be currently qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may be found at fundrise.com/oc.
© 2017 Fundrise, LLC. All Rights Reserved. eREIT, eFund and eDirect are trademarks of Rise Companies Corp. Proudly designed and coded in Washington, DC.













































































































Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Washington DC, LLC Reg A SEC Securities Filing | Disclosure Quest

















← Back to search


    Currently Viewing:
    
DocumentHTML
image_012.jpg
image_011.jpg
imgpg100.jpg
imgpg15a.jpg
imgpg85.jpg
imgpg86.jpg
imgpg87b.jpg
v466046_ex2-3.htm
imgpg91a.jpg
imgpg87a.jpg
imgpg88.jpg
imgpg91b.jpg
imgpg89a.jpg
imgpg89b.jpg
imgpg90.jpg
imgpg92a.jpg
imgpg92b.jpg
imgpg94.jpg
imgpg95a.jpg
imgpg96a.jpg
imgpg96b.jpg
imgpg93.jpg
v466046_partiiandiii.htm
imgpg99.jpg
imgpg97b.jpg
imgpg97a.jpg
imgpg95b.jpg
logo.jpg
imgpg98b.jpg
imgpg98a.jpg
0001144204-17-024331.txt




Link to this page



Tweet this filing 


URL copied to clipboard



    Unfortunately, there is no HTML record of this filing.
  













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














SEC Info - Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC - ‘DOSLTR’ from 3/17/17 - Filing Submission










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles CA, LLC – ‘DOSLTR’ from 3/17/17On:  Friday, 3/17/17, at 5:15pm ET   ·   Private-to-Public:  Filing ¶ — Release Delayed to:  6/8/17   ·   Accession #:  1144204-17-15420
Previous ‘DOSLTR’:  ‘DOSLTR’ on 2/10/17   ·   Latest ‘DOSLTR’:  This Filing



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 3/17/17  Fundrise For-Sale Housing..CA LLC DOSLTR¶     6/08/17    1:140K                                   Vintage/FAF-->Delayed-Release Comment-Response or Draft-Offering-Statement Letter to the SECFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: DOSLTR    ¶ Comment-Response or Draft-Offering-Statement        HTML     39K 
                          Letter to the SEC                                      

_-->Filing Submission 0001144204-17-015420 – SGML TextRaw SGML-Tagged Text that was Submitted by:  Vintage/FA  (as Filing Agent)Show all <DOCUMENT> <TEXT> elements below                  ↑Top ↓Bottom 
<SUBMISSION>                                                                    
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>		20170317171524
<PRIVATE-TO-PUBLIC>		20170608
<ACCESSION-NUMBER>		0001144204-17-015420
<TYPE>				DOSLTR
<PUBLIC-DOCUMENT-COUNT>		3
<FILING-DATE>			20170317
<FILER>
<COMPANY-DATA>
<CONFORMED-NAME>		Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Los Angeles
				CA, LLC
<CIK>				0001660987
<ASSIGNED-SIC>			6500
<IRS-NUMBER>			611775059
<STATE-OF-INCORPORATION>	DE
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>		1231
</COMPANY-DATA>
<FILING-VALUES>
<FORM-TYPE>			DOSLTR
</FILING-VALUES>
<BUSINESS-ADDRESS>
<STREET1>			1601 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
<STREET2>			SUITE 300
<CITY>				WASHINGTON
<STATE>				DC
<ZIP>				20009
<PHONE>				2025840550
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>
<MAIL-ADDRESS>
<STREET1>			1601 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
<STREET2>			SUITE 300
<CITY>				WASHINGTON
<STATE>				DC
<ZIP>				20009
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
<FORMER-COMPANY>
<FORMER-CONFORMED-NAME>		Fundrise National Opportunistic Office, LLC
<DATE-CHANGED>			20151214
</FORMER-COMPANY>
</FILER>
</SUBMISSION>↑Top
Filing Submission 0001144204-17-015420   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 21:37:00.2 GMT 


Fundrise | AngelList





































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help



















 


Fundrise is on AngelList, where the world meets startups.

To connect with Fundrise,
sign up
for AngelList today.





Sign up
Log in


















Fundrise


Real Estate Investment Platform




Share





















Washington







Real Estate · Crowdfunding · Real Estate Investors · Commercial Real Estate






11-50

employees


















fundrise.com







Sign up to see how you are connected to Fundrise






















Fundrise







Share









Company







Overview



Overview








There was a problem loading your content.



Product






















Video










Fundrise is not just changing HOW you invest, but WHAT you invest in. Meet the first low-cost, direct private market investment built for you.Fundrise is a two-time Forbes FinTech 50 award winner and has been featured in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and TechCrunch.… · More





Launches








1










Los Angeles eFund™


June 2017—Diversified portfolio of single-family home developments


The Los Angeles eFund™ is a tax-efficient alternative investment that gives everyday investors direct access to a professionally managed, diversified… · More portfolio of for-sale housing. This eFund aims to address the endemic undersupply of reasonably-priced homes available to millennial homebuyers in Los Angeles. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.






















By
Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Brandon Jenkins, Luke Ruth, Jordan Sale, Benjamin Miller

















1










Washington, DC eFund™


June 2017—Professionally managed, diversified portfolio of homes


The Washington, DC eFund™ is a tax-efficient alternative investment that gives everyday investors direct access to a professionally managed, diversified… · More portfolio of for-sale housing. This eFund aims to address the endemic undersupply of reasonably-priced homes available to millennial homebuyers in Washington, DC. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.






















By
Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Brandon Jenkins, Benjamin Miller, Luke Ruth, Jordan Sale

















1










East Coast eREIT™


October 2016—Balance of equity ownership of and debt investments


The East Coast eREIT™ aims to balance debt and equity investments for consistent cash distributions and additional potential returns as the end of the life… · More of the investment. This eREIT™ aims to invest in commercial real estate assets located in Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, as well as the Washington, DC, and Philadelphia, PA metro areas. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.



















By
Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Brandon Jenkins, Luke Ruth, Jordan Sale

















1










Heartland eREIT™


October 2016—Balance of income and growth objectives 


The Heartland eREIT™ plans to take a balanced approach across both equity ownership of and debt investments in commercial real estate assets  located in the… · More Houston, TX, Dallas, TX, Austin, TX, Chicago, IL, and Denver, CO metro areas. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.






















By
Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Benjamin Miller, Brandon Jenkins, Luke Ruth, Jordan Sale

















1










West Coast eREIT™


October 2016—Consistent cash distributions & potential for added returns


The West Coast eREIT™ aims to provide investors with consistent cash distributions and the potential for additional returns paid out at the end of the… · More investment. It aims to invest in commercial real estate assets located in the Los Angeles, CA, San Francisco, CA, San Diego, CA, Seattle, WA and Portland, OR metro areas. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.






















By
Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Benjamin Miller, Brandon Jenkins, Luke Ruth, Jordan Sale

















3










Growth eREIT™


February 2016—Pursue moderate returns with potential for growth at the end


The Growth eREIT is a low-fee diversified real estate investment available directly to everyone online. The Growth eREIT aims to produce moderate returns… · More during the life of the investment, with the potential for much higher returns paid out at the end of the investment. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.

























By
Luke Ruth, Kenny Shin, Chris Brauckmuller, Benjamin Miller, Brandon Jenkins, Jordan Sale, Bjorn Hall

















4










Income eREIT™


December 2015—Provide investors with consistent cash distributions.


The first low-fee diversified real estate investment available online to all US investors. Offering circular: fundrise.com/oc.

























By
Kenny Shin, Luke Ruth, Chris Brauckmuller, Brandon Jenkins, Jordan Sale, Bjorn Hall, Benjamin Miller












View all 7 launches






Founders







Benjamin Miller


Founder of @Fundrise and @Popularise








Brandon Jenkins


Founding Team Member @Fundrise • Studied at @Duke University








Kenny Shin

Founder





Past Founders







Dan Miller

Co-Founder, President & Board Member
Founder of Myrtle Grove Ventures. Co-Founder of @Fundrise and @Popularise. Managing Partner of WestMill Capital Partners.







Funding






Series A

Sep 26, 2014


$38,000,000

Read Press








Renren


Beijing









Terrence Rohan


San Francisco




View all 3 investors from this round


blogs.wsj.com


Renren-Backed Fundrise Bulks Up In Real Estate Crowdfunding Sector


Real estate crowdfunding platform Fundrise, the most well-financed of a new crop of startups pooling investors to back real estate projects, has added...









Seed

Jan  1, 2011


$2,000,000









Dan Miller


New York City









Benjamin Miller


Washington








Investors
from previous rounds







Rich Boyle


 Former CEO of @LoopNet , @Stanford University BS EE.  Experienced Entrepreneur, from startup through IPO and M&A.








Casey Berman


Managing Director of Camber Creek, a corporate venture fund. President of Ops for Real Estate Portfolio.








Terrence Rohan

Investor
Manages @Index Ventures seed fund








Matt Murphy


Executive/Venture Investor @Renren.com • Co-Founder @Appsurdity & @Lemon • Worked at @Chegg, @Bling Nation, @Etrade • Studied at @Santa Clara University








Tal Kerret


Invested in companies such as: fundrise, bump, bondr and Ven. 








Renren


chinese social network



View all 21 Past Investors




Team



Employees







Chris Brauckmuller










Keri McAfee

Marketing








Laura Rogers

UX/UI Designer
Senior UX/UI Designer at Fundrise. Formerly at Targeted Victory, Sapient, Bridgeline Digital.



View all 12 Employees



Past Employees







Evan Qi

Software Engineering Intern
B.S. in Computer Engineering from @University of Maryland, College Park 2016.
Currently @Square,  @Whisper Summer 2015, @Fundrise Summer 2014.








Stephan Leeds

Technology Intern








Britt Duffy Adkins

Real Estate Associate







Attorneys







Bjorn Hall

Attorney
Associate @Venable, Summer Honors Program Intern @US Securities and Exchange Commission, Corporate Finance Associate @O'Melveny & Myers.







Q&A














Jobs

Fundrise
hasn't added any jobs yet.







Notification Set





Get Notified







Which position are you applying for?






Add a message to Fundrise



Apply










Notify Me When Fundrise Lists Jobs








Create Notification









See Similar Jobs



View jobs page




People also viewed



Realty Mogul
Online, crowdfunding, capital markets...





AngelList
A platform for startups





RealtyShares
The Leading Marketplace for Real...





WestMill Capital
Washington





Hugh & Crye
Menswear made simple.





Asseta
eBay for Spare Parts and Capital...





Optoro






Apple















Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified







 


Fundrise Officially Announces New eFunds - Crowdfund Insider




































































































Featured
Marketplaces
Offerings
Blockchain & Digital Currency
Fintech
More 

Home
Global
Strategy
Politics
Real Estate
Asia
Insurtech
Canada
Events
Opinion
Women Changing Finance
The Ultimate Crowdfunding Guide
About Us
Submit a Tip – Contact Us








Search





























Fundrise Officially Announces New eFunds
 Tweet Share2 Share4 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 8

July 20, 2017 @ 12:46 pm By JD Alois 





Fundrise, a leading online marketplace for real estate investing, has officially announced the availability of their new eFunds.
Crowdfund Insider reported on the looming announcement this past spring when Fundrise filed a new Form 1-A, or Reg A+ offer, revealing the new investment vehicle. In a marketing email, Fundrise explained their new eFund:
An eFund is a brand new type of investment that allows you to invest directly into a diversified portfolio with the aim of developing new homes for the next generation of homebuyers in major cities.
What makes our eFunds unique?

For-sale housing: Unlike the eREITs which focus on acquiring and operating commercial real estate, the eFunds focus on developing new homes.
Tax efficient: Traditionally, the primary opportunity to invest in the housing market has been via publicly traded home builders. These companies are subject to double taxation making them less efficient than our new eFund model.

The “featured” eFund starts with the Los Angeles market. The LA eFund aims to provide housing for the underserved millennial homebuyer. The goal of the LA eFund is to capitalize on demographic trends that have created pent up demand for new homes, including education and cultural trends, along with a preference for walkable urban centers.
Fundrise has also launched a DC eFund. This is a natural step as DC is their home turf.
Fundrise explains the investment as follows:
“Each eFund intends to invest in the acquisition of properties for the development and sale of single-family homes. [Investors] earn potential returns based on any profits from the sale of the completed homes, and [they] may receive periodic cash distributions as the properties are sold.”
If you are interested, you can check it out here.
Fundrise started as a single property crowdfunding platform but has since morphed into a multifaceted online marketplace for real estate investment. Both accredited and non-accredited investors may participate.
 










		Sponsored Links by DQ Promote			

You may also like...Fundrise Files Reg A+: “For Sale Housing eFUND”, New Real Estate Investment OfferFundrise Unveils First-Ever Crowdfunded Home Development in Palm SpringsFundrise Preps Three More eREIT’sFundrise to Sell More Shares in Platform. Total Raise Expected to Top $24 MillionFundrise Files New Reg A+ for Income eREITSEC Investor Education & Advocacy Office Issues Bulletin on REITsFundrise is Crowdfunding Itself Under Reg A+Brief: Fundrise Launches Three New eREITsFundrise Prepares to Launch their “Greatest Innovation Yet”Fundrise Preps New Round of eREITs to Satisfy Waiting ListImitation is Flattery: Reg A+ Innovations in eREITs & BeyondFundrise Stops Originating New Deals Except for eREIT OfferFundrise eREIT Records 9.7% Annualized Return in Q1Fundrise Allows Early Redemption for Investors in Growth eREITUsing Reg A+, eREITs Have Now Raised Over $70 Million on Fundrise
 Tweet Share2 Share4 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 8






Pingback: Fundrise Officially Announces New eFunds – Articles by Author, Coach, Business Entrepreneur and Crowdfunding Guide – Dean Renfro()








 





Subscribe to our weekly email

Email Address 





 






 




Sponsored Links by DQ Promote 

. 



. 
. 




 













 SECGems: Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Washington DC, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Washington DC, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
18













	 
	
	 1601 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
	 
	  SUITE 300
	
	   WASHINGTON, 
	   DC, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2025840550    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2017-02-10Fundrise Midwest Opportunistic Multifamily, LLC2015-12-14


2017-02-10Fundrise For-Sale Housing eFUND - Washington DC, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001660983
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
300889126
Std. Industrial Class.
6500 REAL ESTATE










All related persons/companies# Filings





 Fundrise Midwest Opportunistic Multifamily, LLC


19







 








db
 
 








































