

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














fun-gi games - games for growing brands 






































About
Contact





















Home
About
Contact
















info@fun-gi.com
				Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

© 2016 fun-gi games llc














Fungi | Define Fungi at Dictionary.com


















 







 








Dictionary.com


Thesaurus.com



My Account
Log Out
Log In







 

        Try Our Apps
        



 





definitions


 


definitions
synonyms
translations













Follow @dictionarycom








follow Dictionary.com

 



 


 
                90s Slang You Should Know            










Favorite Button


CITE


Translate


Facebook
Share


Twitter
Tweet


Google+
Share











fungi
      



[fuhn-jahy, fuhng-gahy] 
/ˈfʌn dʒaɪ, ˈfʌŋ gaɪ/ 
 


Spell
Syllables






                        Examples                    



                        Word Origin                    





See more synonyms on Thesaurus.com





noun 

1.

        a plural of fungus.     










Fungi
      



[fuhn-jahy, fuhng-gahy] 
/ˈfʌn dʒaɪ, ˈfʌŋ gaɪ/ 
 


Spell
Syllables







noun, (used with a plural verb) Biology. 

1.

        a taxonomic kingdom, or in some classification schemes a division of the kingdom Plantae, comprising all the fungus groups and sometimes also the slime molds.    






Expand



                        Also called Mycota.                     




        Origin of Fungi Expand



                From New Latin; See origin at fungus 










fungus
      



[fuhng-guh s] 
/ˈfʌŋ gəs/ 
 


Spell
Syllables







noun, plural fungi        [fuhn-jahy, fuhng-gahy]  /ˈfʌn dʒaɪ, ˈfʌŋ gaɪ/  (Show IPA), funguses. 

1.

        any of a diverse group of eukaryotic single-celled or multinucleate organisms that live by decomposing and absorbing the organic material in which they grow, comprising the mushrooms, molds, mildews, smuts, rusts, and yeasts, and classified in the kingdom Fungi or, in some classification systems, in the division Fungi (Thallophyta) of the kingdom Plantae.    


2.

Pathology. a spongy, abnormal growth, as granulation tissue formed in a wound.    




adjective 

3.

fungous.     






        Origin        Expand



1520-30; < Latin: fungus, mushroom; perhaps akin to Greek spóngos, sphóngos sponge 




        Related forms        Expand



fungic        [fuhn-jik]  /ˈfʌn dʒɪk/  (Show IPA), adjective 

funguslike, adjective 










fungi-









1.

        a combining form representing fungus,  in compound words:                 fungicide.








            Dictionary.com UnabridgedBased on the Random House Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2017.
Cite This Source




        Examples from the Web for fungi
Expand



Contemporary Examples



                            After all, lots of infections course through the blood—viruses and bacteria and fungi.                        



‘Dark Shadows’ Returns: A User’s Guide to Drinking Blood


Kent Sepkowitz


                                May 10, 2012                            




                            Turns out the fungi in our inguinal crease are not the same ones on our heel pad or behind our ear.                        



Happy Summer. You’re Covered in Fungus.


Kent Sepkowitz


                                July 4, 2013                            




                            All grains produce lectins, which selectively bind to unique proteins on the surfaces of bacteria, fungi, and insects.                        



Wheat Threatens All Humans, New Research Shows


David Perlmutter, MD


                                December 9, 2013                            





Historical Examples



                            It includes all the fungi that have the spores enveloped in delicate sacs called asci.                        


Among the Mushrooms


                            Ellen M. Dallas and Caroline A. Burgin                        




                            There are twenty species of fungi which are known to attack it.                        


Northern Nut Growers Association, Report of the Proceedings at the Fourth Annual Meeting


                            Various                        




                            Resolving to investigate carefully any other fungi they might see, they resumed their march.                        


A Journey in Other Worlds


                            John Jacob Astor                        




                            However this may be, they are true plants and have many of the characteristics of the fungi.                        


The Mushroom, Edible and Otherwise


                            M. E. Hard                        




                            The various species of fungi cause certain diseases by their poisonous (chemical) action on the tissues of their host.                        


The Wonders of Life


                            Ernst Haeckel                        




                            Mycetophila is from two Greek words, mycetes, fungi; phila, fond of.                        


The Mushroom, Edible and Otherwise


                            M. E. Hard                        




                            It is proved, therefore, that the tissues of the fungi do contain a product resembling chitin.                        


Researches on Cellulose


                            C. F. Cross                        






            British Dictionary definitions for fungi Expand




fungi




/ˈfʌŋɡaɪ; ˈfʌndʒaɪ; ˈfʌndʒɪ/ 








noun 
1.

a plural of fungus 




 
 



fungi-






combining form 
1.

                        fungus: fungicide, fungoid 




 
 



fungus




/ˈfʌŋɡəs/ 








noun (pl) fungi (ˈfʌŋɡaɪ; ˈfʌndʒaɪ; ˈfʌndʒɪ), funguses 
1.

                        any member of a kingdom of organisms (Fungi) that lack chlorophyll, leaves, true stems, and roots, reproduce by spores, and live as saprotrophs or parasites. The group includes moulds, mildews, rusts, yeasts, and mushrooms                    


2.

                        something resembling a fungus, esp in suddenly growing and spreading rapidly                    


3.

                        (pathol) any soft tumorous growth                    






                    Derived Forms                


fungic (ˈfʌndʒɪk) adjectivefungus-like, adjective 




                    Word Origin                


                        C16: from Latin: mushroom, fungus; probably related to Greek spongossponge 


 
 

            Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollinsPublishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Cite This Source




            Word Origin and History for fungi Expand




n. 

Latin plural of fungus.



 



fungus




n. 

1520s, from Latin fungus "a mushroom," in English as a learned alternative to mushroom. (Funge was used in this sense late 14c.) The Latin word is believed to be cognate with (or derived from) Greek sphongos, the Attic form of spongos "sponge" (see sponge).



 

            Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Cite This Source




fungi in Medicine            Expand


Fungi Fun·gi (fŭn'jī, fŭng'gī)n.     A kingdom of plantlike sporeforming organisms that grow in irregular masses without roots, stems, leaves, or photosynthetic. 

fungus fun·gus (fŭng'gəs)n. pl. fun·gus·es or  fun·gi (fŭn'jī, fŭng'gī)     Any of numerous eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Fungi, which lack chlorophyll and vascular tissue and range in form from      a single cell to a body mass of branched filamentous hyphae that often produce specialized fruiting bodies.    

            The American Heritage® Stedman's Medical DictionaryCopyright © 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company.
Cite This Source




fungi in Science            Expand


fungus




   (fŭng'gəs)    Plural fungi (fŭn'jī, fŭng'gī)Any of a wide variety of organisms that reproduce by spores, including the mushrooms, molds, yeasts, and mildews. The spores of most fungi grow a network of slender tubes called hyphae that spread into and feed off of dead organic matter or living organisms. Fungi absorb food by excreting enzymes that break down complex substances into molecules that can be absorbed into the hyphae. The hyphae also produce reproductive structures, such as mushrooms and other growths. Some fungi (called perfect fungi) can reproduce by both sexually produced spores and asexual spores; other fungi (called imperfect fungi or deuteromycetes) are thought to have lost their sexual stage and can only reproduce by asexual spores. Fungi can live in a wide variety of environments, and fungal spores can survive extreme temperatures. Fungi exist in over 100,000 species, nearly all of which live on land. They can be extremely destructive, feeding on almost any kind of material and causing food spoilage and many plant diseases. Although fungi were once grouped with  plants, they are now considered a separate kingdom in taxonomy. See Table at taxonomy.fungal adjective 

            The American Heritage® Science DictionaryCopyright © 2002. Published by Houghton Mifflin. All rights reserved.
Cite This Source




fungi in Culture            Expand


fungi [(fun-jeye, fung-geye)]sing. fungusPlantlike organisms lacking chlorophyll, such as mushrooms, molds, yeasts, and mildews. Modern biologists tend to place fungi in their own kingdom, not in the plant kingdom, because they get their nutrients from other living things (or from the remains of living things that have died) rather than from photosynthesis. (See under “Medicine and Health.”) 

            The American Heritage® New Dictionary of Cultural Literacy, Third EditionCopyright © 2005 by Houghton Mifflin Company.Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Cite This Source







Word of the Day








Difficulty index for fungi






Many English speakers likely know this word


Word Value for fungi



9
12


Scrabble
Words With Friends




Related Words




Fungi Imperfecti


fungus


mildew


ascogonium


basidiomycete


coral fungi









Nearby words for fungi




funfkirchen


fungal


fungal infection


fungate


fungemia


fungi


fungi imperfecti


fungi-


fungibility


fungible


fungible issue










We’ve updated our TOS and Privacy Policy.  Click Here. 




 

















Morels Game - Fungi.com












































Welcome!  Log In

 My Account
 My Bag









Welcome!  Log In


 My Account  My Bag 















Free Catalog
Email Newsletter
Event Calendar




Mushroom Info
About Us
Contact Us




















Shop >
New Products













Morels Game
GXBG

$24.95

Quantity: 












This 2-player card game for ages 10 and up is as attractive as it is imaginative. Forage for beautifully-illustrated mushroom cards and cook them to earn points, or sell your mushrooms to increase your foraging rights.  But watch out for the poisonous Destroying Angel cards! Games typically last about 30 minutes. Winner of numerous awards, Morels is truly captivating, even if it's not as tasty as actual mushroom hunting.




Go back




View our Shipping & Return Policies





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









fun-gi games LLC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > fun-gi games LLCfun-gi games LLCEDITLocation–Revenue$–Total Funding$–Founded-Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitewww.fun-gi.com/LinkedIn–fun games for growing brandsKeywordsmobile,social games,mobile games,entertainment industryRecent News from fun-gi games LLCStart trial to view recent news about fun-gi games LLC.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service














Fun-GI Games, LLC in Torrance, CA - (213) 254-5489 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Fun-GI Games, LLC





                    (Fun-GI)
                





Fun-GI























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Fun-GI Games, LLC



2135 W 236th Pl
Torrance, CA 90501






Contact:
Alfred Fung


Title:
Chief Executive Officer


Phone:


                        213-254-5489
                    



Website:







There are 

2
                Companies located at 2135 W 236th Pl, Torrance, CA 90501
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Fun-GI Games, which also operates under the name Fun-GI, is located in Torrance, California. This organization primarily operates in the Electronic Games and Toys business / industry within the Miscellaneous Manufacturing Industries sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 2 years. Fun-GI Games is estimated to generate $72,749 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Miscellaneous Manufacturing Industries



Category:

Games, Toys, and Children's Vehicles



Industry:

Electronic Games and Toys

Commercial Art and Graphic Design

Business Activities At Non-commercial Site




SIC Code:

3944, 7336, 7389











Name:
Fun-GI Games, LLC


Trade Name:

Fun-GI
Fun Gify



Year Founded:


2015






State of Inc:
California


Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 72,749



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 90501






Percentage Population



20,434
White
18,175
Hispanic
2,682
Black
11,266
Asian
586
Native American
520
Hawaiian
10,098
Other


47.3 %
White
42.1 %
Hispanic
6.2 %
Black
26.1 %
Asian
1.4 %
Native American
1.2 %
Hawaiian
23.4 %
Other













Population




Population 
43,180




Female50.2%21,697


Male49.8%21,483




Median Age

35.0




Female36.1


Male33.9






























Questions & Answers









Are there other companies located at 2135 W 236th Pl, Torrance, CA?





There are 2 commercial tenants at 2135 W 236th Pl, Torrance, CA.







What are the annual sales for Fun-GI Games?





Fun-GI Games generates approximately $72,749 in annual sales.







Where is Fun-GI Games located?





Fun-GI Games is located at 2135 W 236th Pl, Torrance, CA 90501.









How long has Fun-GI Games been in business?





Fun-GI Games has been in business for approximately 2 years.







How many people work at Fun-GI Games?





Fun-GI Games has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Fun-GI Games?





Alfred Fung is the Chief Executive Officer at Fun-GI Games. You can contact Alfred at (213) 254-5489.







What is the phone number for Fun-GI Games?





The phone number for Fun-GI Games is (213) 254-5489







Who is the CEO of Fun-GI Games?





The CEO of Fun-GI Games is Alfred Fung.







How big is Fun-GI Games?





Fun-GI Games is estimated to generate $72,749 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 90501






Average House Value


                                $ 548,100
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 57,261
                            



Number of Households

14,610



Persons per Household

2.94













Number of Businesses

3,101



Number of Employees

23,954



Land Area (square miles)

5.624



Water Area (square miles)

0.039



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















    Yu-Gi-Oh! Sealed Product -



Blue Ox Games LLC






































Browse





Navigation






Account





Cart









                        Welcome Guest, Login


                        or Register your account





                Call Us at: 252-695-6442






















My Store
Magic the Gathering Singles
Magic the Gathering Sealed Products
Yu-Gi-Oh! Singles
Yu-Gi-Oh! Sealed Product
Pokemon
Cardfight!! Vanguard
Other TCGs and LCGs
Tabletop Games
Toys & Collectibles
Gaming Supplies
Blue Ox Products
Event Registration
Comic Books, Manga, Trade Paperbacks & Graphic Novels




Advanced Search
Deckbuilder Search















Login


Register






Magic the GatheringYu-Gi-Oh!Cardfight! VanguardOther TCGs & LCGsTabletop GamesToys & Collectibles









Home



Yu-Gi-Oh! Sealed Product

Yu-Gi-Oh! Sealed Product


Yu-Gi-Oh Booster Packs


Yu-Gi-Oh Booster Boxes


Yu-Gi-Oh Structure & Starter Decks


















Magic the Gathering Singles





Amonkhet Block





Amonkhet Block: Masterpiece Series - Amonkhet Invocations




Amonkhet Block: Amonkhet




Amonkhet Block: Hour of Devastation






Kaladesh Block





Kaladesh Block: Kaladesh




Kaladesh Block: Aether Revolt




Kaladesh Block: Masterpiece Series - Kaladesh Inventions






Shadows Over Innistrad Block





Shadows Over Innistrad Block: Shadows Over Innistrad




Shadows Over Innistrad Block: Eldritch Moon







Battle for Zendikar Block





Battle for Zendikar Block: Battle for Zendikar




Battle for Zendikar Block: Oath of the Gatewatch




Battle for Zendikar Block: Masterpiece Series - Expeditions






Khans of Tarkir Block





Khans of Tarkir Block: Khans of Tarkir




Khans of Tarkir Block: Fate Reforged




Khans of Tarkir Block: Dragons of Tarkir






Theros Block





Theros Block: Theros




Theros Block: Born of the Gods




Theros Block: Journey Into Nyx







Return to Ravnica Block





Return to Ravnica Block: Return to Ravnica




Return to Ravnica Block: Gatecrash




Return to Ravnica Block: Dragon's Maze






Innistrad Block





Innistrad Block: Innistrad




Innistrad Block: Dark Ascension




Innistrad Block: Avacyn Restored






Scars of Mirrodin Block





Scars of Mirrodin Block: Scars of Mirrodin




Scars of Mirrodin Block: Mirrodin Besieged




Scars of Mirrodin Block: New Phyrexia







Zendikar Block





Zendikar Block: Zendikar




Zendikar Block: Worldwake




Zendikar Block: Rise of the Eldrazi






Shards of Alara Block





Shards of Alara Block: Shards of Alara




Shards of Alara Block: Conflux




Shards of Alara Block: Alara Reborn






Shadowmoor Block





Shadowmoor Block: Shadowmoor




Shadowmoor Block: Eventide







Lorwyn Block





Lorwyn Block: Lorwyn




Lorwyn Block: Morningtide






Time Spiral Block





Time Spiral Block: Time Spiral




Time Spiral Block: TimeShifted




Time Spiral Block: Planar Chaos




Time Spiral Block: Future Sight






Ravnica Block





Ravnica Block: Ravnica




Ravnica Block: Guildpact




Ravnica Block: Dissension







Kamigawa Block





Kamigawa Block: Champions of Kamigawa




Kamigawa Block: Betrayers of Kamigawa




Kamigawa Block: Saviors of Kamigawa






Mirrodin Block





Mirrodin Block: Mirrodin




Mirrodin Block: Darksteel




Mirrodin Block: Fifth Dawn






Onslaught Block





Onslaught Block: Onslaught




Onslaught Block: Legions




Onslaught Block: Scourge







Odyssey Block





Odyssey Block: Odyssey




Odyssey Block: Torment




Odyssey Block: Judgment






Invasion Block





Invasion Block: Invasion




Invasion Block: Planeshift




Invasion Block: Apocalypse






Masques Block





Mercadian Masques Block: Mercadian Masques




Mercadian Masques Block: Nemesis




Mercadian Masques Block: Prophecy







Saga Block





Urza's Saga Block: Urza's Saga




Urza's Saga Block: Urza's Legacy




Urza's Saga Block: Urza's Destiny






Tempest Block





Tempest Block: Tempest




Tempest Block: Stronghold




Tempest Block: Exodus






Mirage Block





Mirage Block: Mirage




Mirage Block: Visions




Mirage Block: Weatherlight







Ice Age Block





Ice Age Block: Ice Age




Ice Age Block: Alliances




Ice Age Block: ColdSnap






Core Sets





Core Sets: Origins




Core Sets: Magic 2015




Core Sets: Magic 2014




Core Sets: Magic 2013




Core Sets: Magic 2012




Core Sets: Magic 2011




Core Sets: Magic 2010




Core Sets: 10th Edition




Core Sets: 9th Edition




Core Sets: 8th Edition




Core Sets: 7th Edition




Core Sets: 6th Edition




Core Sets: 5th Edition




Core Sets: 4th Edition




Core Sets: 3rd Edition (Revised)




Core Sets: Unlimited




Core Sets: Beta




Core Sets: Alpha






Magic Promos





Promos: Apac Lands




Promos: Arena




Promos: Book Inserts




Promos: Clash Packs




Promos: Euro Lands




Promos: FNM




Promos: Guru Lands




Promos: JSS




Promos: Judge Rewards




Promos: Misc. Magic the Gathering Promos




Promos: MPS




Promos: Player Rewards




Promos: Pre-Release & Launch/Release




Promos: Tokens




Promos: Ugin's Fate







Stand Alone Sets





Arabian Nights




Antiquities




Legends




The Dark




Fallen Empires




Homelands






Special Editions





Archenemy




Archenemy Schemes




Anthologies




Battle Royal




Beatdown




Chronicles




Coldsnap Theme Deck Reprints




Commander




Commander 2013




Commander 2014




Commander 2015




Commander 2016




Commander Oversized Cards




Commander's Arsenal




Conspiracy




Conspiracy: Take the Crown




Deckmasters




Duel Decks: Ajani vs Nicol Bolas




Duel Decks: Anthology




Duel Decks: Blessed vs Cursed




Duel Decks: Divine vs Demonic




Duel Decks: Elspeth vs Kiora




Duel Decks: Elspeth vs Tezzeret




Duel Decks: Elves vs Goblins




Duel Decks: Garruk vs Liliana




Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters




Duel Decks: Izzet vs Golgari




Duel Decks: Jace vs Chandra




Duel Decks: Jace vs. Chandra (Japanese)




Duel Decks: Jace vs Vraska




Duel Decks: Knights vs. Dragons




Duel Deck: Mind vs Might




Duel Decks: Nissa vs Ob Nixilis




Duel Decks: Phyrexia vs the Coalition




Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt




Duel Deck: Speed vs Cunning




Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth




Duel Deck: Zendikar vs Eldrazi




Duels of the Planeswalkers




Eternal Masters




From the Vault: Angels




From the Vault: Annihilation




From the Vault: Dragons




From the Vault: Exiled




From the Vault: Legends




From the Vault: Lore




From the Vault: Realms




From the Vault: Relics




From the Vault: Twenty




Modern Event Deck




Modern Masters




Modern Masters 2015




Modern Masters 2017




Planechase




Planechase - Planes




Planechase 2012




Planechase 2012 - Planes & Phenomena




Portal 1




Portal Second Age




Portal 3 Kingdoms




Premium Deck Series: Fire & Lightning




Premium Deck Series: Graveborn




Premium Deck Series: Slivers




Starter 1999




Unglued




Unhinged




World Championship Deck




Commander Anthology




Planechase Anthology




Archenemy: Nicol Bolas






Sets & Playsets - Common, Uncommon, Land sets, etc.







Magic the Gathering Sealed Products





Magic the Gathering Booster Packs




Magic the Gathering Booster Boxes




Magic the Gathering Duel Decks & Box Sets





Magic the Gathering Bundles & Fat Packs




Magic the Gathering  Event Decks, Clash Packs, & Intro Packs




Magic the Gathering Related Books, Comic, and Merchandise





Blue Ox Games Magic the Gathering Pre-constructed Decks







Yu-Gi-Oh! Singles





Absolute Powerforce




Abyss Rising




Ancient Prophecy





Ancient Sanctuary




Breakers of Shadow




Clash of Rebellions





Cosmo Blazer




Crimson Crisis




Crossed Souls





Crossroads of Chaos




Cyberdark Impact




Cybernetic Revolution





Dark Crisis




Dimension of Chaos




Duelist Alliance





Duelist Revolution




Elemental Energy




Enemy of Justice





Extreme Victory




Flaming Eternity




Force of the Breaker





Fusion Enforcers




Galactic Overlord




Generation Force





Gladiators Assault




High-Speed Rider




Invasion: Vengeance





Invasion of Chaos




Judgment of the Light




Labyrinth of Nightmare





Legacy of Darkness




Legacy of the Valiant




Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon





Light of Destruction




Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy




Magic Ruler





Magician's Force




Maximum Crisis




Metal Raiders





Movie Pack: The Dark Side of Dimensions




Movie Pack: The Dark Side of Dimensions Gold Edition




Number Hunters





Order of Chaos




Pharaoh's Servant




Phantom Darkness





Pharaonic Guardian




Photon Shockwave




Power of the Duelist





Primal Origin




Raging Battle




Raging Tempest





Return of the Duelist




Rise of Destiny




Secrets of Eternity





Shadow Of Infinity




Shadow Specters




Shining Victories





Soul of the Duelist




Stardust Overdrive




Starstrike Blast





Storm of Ragnarok




Strike of Neos




Tactical Evolution





The Dark Illusion




The Duelist Genesis




The Lost Millenium





The New Challengers




The Secret Forces




The Shining Darkness





Wing Raiders




World Superstars




Battle Pack 1: Epic Dawn





Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants




Battle Pack: War of the Giants - Round 2




Battle Pack 3: Monster League





Dark Beginnings 1




Dark Beginnings 2




Dark Legends





Dark Revelations 1




Dark Revelations 2




Dark Revelations 3





Dark Revelations 4




Destiny Soldiers




Dragons of Legend





Dragons of Legend 2




Dragons of Legend: Unleashed




Duelist Pack 1: Jaden Yuki





Duelist Pack 2: Chazz Princeton




Duelist Pack 3: Jaden Yuki 2




Duelist Pack 4: Zane Truesdale





Duelist Pack 5: Aster Phoenix




Duelist Pack 6: Jaden Yuki 3




Duelist Pack 7: Jesse Anderson





Duelist Pack 8: Yusei Fudo




Duelist Pack 9: Yusei Fudo 2




Duelist Pack 10: Yusei Fudo 3





Duelist Pack 11: Crow




Duelist Pack: Battle City




Duelist Pack: Dimensional Guardians





Duelist Pack: Kaiba




Duelist Pack Promos: Collection Tin




Duelist Pack Promos: Special Edition





Duelist Pack Promos: Tin - 2011




Duelist Pack: Rivals of the Pharaoh




Duelist Pack: Yugi Moto





Gold Series 1




Gold Series 2




Gold Series 3





Gold Series 4: Pyramids edition




Gold Series: Haunted Mine (GLD5)




Hidden Arsenal





Hidden Arsenal 2




Hidden Arsenal 3




Hidden Arsenal 4





Hidden Arsenal 4: Special Edition (HASE)




Hidden Arsenal 5




Hidden Arsenal 6: Omega XYZ





Hidden Arsenal 7: Knight of Stars




Legendary Collection




Legendary Collection 2





Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World




Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World




Legendary Collection 5: 5D's





Mega Pack 2014




Mega Pack 2015




Mega Pack 2016





Millennium Pack 1




Misc. Decks: Legendary Decks - Yugi




Misc. Decks: Legendary Decks II





Misc. Decks: Noble Knights of the Round Table




Misc. Sets: Duelist Saga




Misc. Sets: Retro Pack 1





Misc. Sets: Retro Pack 2




Misc. Sets: Spell Ruler




Misc. Sets: Star Pack - 2013





Misc. Sets: Star Pack - 2014




Misc. Sets: Star Pack - 2017




Pendulum Evolution





Premium Gold




Premium Gold 2: Return of the Bling




Premium Gold: Infinite Gold





Premium Pack 1




Premium Pack 2




Premium Tin - 2012





Promos: 2013 Zexal Collection Tin




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster One




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Two





Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Three




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Four




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Five





Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Six




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Seven




Promos: Astral Pack - Booster Eight





Promos: Champion Packs




Promos: Duel Terminal




Promos: Forbidden Legacy 1





Promos: Misc. (Yu-Gi-Oh!)




Promos: Samurai Assault: Special Edition




Promos: Shonen Jump





Promos: Tournament Pack 1




Promos: Tournament Pack 2




Promos: Tournament Pack 3





Promos: Tournament Pack 4




Promos: Tournament Pack 5




Promos: Tournament Pack 6





Promos: Tournament Pack 7




Promos: Tournament Pack 8




Promos: Turbo Packs





Promos: Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Movie




RA Yellow Mega Pack




Starter Deck: 5Ds





Starter Deck: 5Ds 2009




Starter Deck: Dark Legion




Starter Deck: Dawn of the XYZ





Starter Deck: Duelist Toolbox




Starter Deck: Jaden Yuki




Starter Deck: Joey





Starter Deck: Kaiba




Starter Deck: Kaiba Evolution




Starter Deck: Kaiba Reloaded





Starter Deck: Pegasus




Starter Deck: Saber Force




Starter Deck: Super Starter Power Up Pack





Starter Deck: Super Starter Space-Time Showdown




Starter Deck: Super Starter: V for Victory




Starter Deck: Syrus Truesdale





Starter Deck: XYZ Symphony




Starter Deck: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX (2006)




Starter Deck: Yugi





Starter Deck: Yugi Evolution




Starter Deck: Yugi Reloaded




Starter Deck: Yuya





Structure Deck: Blaze of Destruction




Structure Deck: Cyber Dragon Revolution




Structure Deck: Dinosmasher's Fury





Structure Deck: Dinosaur's Rage




Structure Deck: Dragons Collide




Structure Deck: Dragon's Roar





Structure Deck: Dragunity Legion




Structure Deck: Emperor of Darkness




Structure Deck: Fury from the Deep





Structure Deck: Gates of the Underworld




Structure Deck: Geargia Rampage




Structure Deck: HERO Strike





Structure Deck: Invincible Fortress




Structure Deck: Lord of the Storm




Structure Deck: Lost Sanctuary





Structure Deck: Machina Mayhem




Structure Deck: Machine Re-Volt




Structure Deck: Machine Reactor





Structure Deck: Marik




Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum




Structure Deck: Onslaught of the Fire Kings





Structure Deck: Pendulum Domination




Structure Deck: Realm of Light




Structure Deck: Realm of the Sea Emperor





Structure Deck: Rise of the Dragon Lords




Structure Deck: Rise of the True Dragons




Structure Deck: Saga of Blue-Eyes White Dragon





Structure Deck: Samurai Warlords




Structure Deck: Seto Kaiba




Structure Deck: Spellcaster's Command





Structure Deck: Spellcaster's Judgment




Structure Deck: Synchron Extreme




Structure Deck: The Dark Emperor





Structure Deck: Warrior's Strike




Structure Deck: Warrior's Triumph




Structure Deck: Yugi Muto





Structure Deck: Zombie Madness




Structure Deck: Zombie World




Collectors Tin - 2001 (Exclusive Tin)





Collectors Tin - 2003




Collectors Tin - 2004




Collectors Tin - 2005





Collectors Tin - 2006




Collectors Tin - 2007




Collectors Tin - 2008





Collectors Tin - 2009




Collectors Tin - 2010




Collectors Tin - 2011





Collectors Tin - 2012




Collectors Tin - 2013




Collectors Tin - 2014 (Mega Tin)





Collectors Tin - 2015 (Mega Tin)




Collectors Tin - 2016 (Mega Tin)




Yu-Gi-Oh! Bulk Singles





Misc. Sets: Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge







Yu-Gi-Oh! Sealed Product





Yu-Gi-Oh Booster Packs




Yu-Gi-Oh Booster Boxes




Yu-Gi-Oh Structure & Starter Decks







Pokemon





Pokemon Booster Boxes




Pokemon Booster Packs




Pokemon Tins & Boxed Sets





Pokemon Theme Decks & Starter Decks




Pokemon Singles





XY Evolutions




XY Steam Siege




XY - Base Set




XY - Ancient Origins




XY - BREAKPoint




XY - BREAKthrough




XY - Black Star Promos




XY - Fates Collide




XY - Flashfire




XY - Furious Fists




XY - Phantom Forces




XY - Primal Clash




XY - Roaring Skies




Generations




Sun & Moon Base Set




Sun & Moon: Guardians Rising




Black & White: Plasma Freeze









Cardfight!! Vanguard





Cardfight!! Vanguard Singles





G Booster 1 - Generation Stride




G Booster 2 - Soaring Ascent of Gale & Blossom




G Booster 3 - Sovereign Star Dragon




G Booster 4 - Soul Strike Against the Supreme




G Booster 5 - Moonlit Dragonfang




G Booster 6 - Transcension of Blade & Blossom




G Booster 7 - Glorious Bravery of Radiant Sword




G Booster 8 - Absolute Judgment




G Booster 9 - Divine Dragon Caper




G Clan Booster 1 - Academy of Divas




G Clan Booster 2 - Commander of the Incessant Waves




G Clan Booster Vol 3 - Blessing of Divas




G Clan Booster 4 - Gear of Fate




G Comic Booster 1 - Vanguard & Deletor




G Extra Booster 1 - Cosmic Roar




G Legend Deck 1: The Dark "Ren Suzugamori




G Technial Booster 1 - The Reckless Rampage




G Technical Booster 2 - The Genius Strategy




G Title Booster 1 - Touken Ranbu -ONLINE-




G Trial Deck 1 - Awakening of The Interdimensional Dragon




G Trial Deck 2 - Divine Swordsman of the Shiny Star




G Trial Deck 3 - Flower Maiden of Purity




G Trial Deck 4 - Blue Cavalry of the Divine Marine Spirits




G Trial Deck 5 - Fateful Star Messiah




G Trial Deck 6 - Rallying Call of the Interspectral Dragon




G Trial Deck 7 - Illusionist of the Crescent Moon




Booster 1 - Descent of the Kings of Knights




Booster 2 - Onslaught of Dragon Souls




Booster 3 - Demonic Lord Invasion




Booster 4 - Eclipse of Illusionary Shadows




Booster 5 - Awakening of Twin Blades




Booster 6 - Breaker of Limits




Booster 7 - Rampage of the Beast King




Booster 8 - Blue Storm Armada




Booster 9 - Clash of the Knights & Dragons




Booster 10 - Triumphant Return of the King of Knights




Booster 11 - Seal Dragons Unleashed




Booster 12 - Binding Force of the Black Rings




Booster 13 - Catastrophic Outbreak




Booster 14 - Brilliant Strike




Booster 15 - Infinite Rebirth




Booster 16 - Legion of Dragons & Blades




Booster 17 - Blazing Perdition




Extra Booster 1 - Comic Style




Extra Booster 2 - Banquet of Divas




Extra Booster 3 - Cavalry of Black Steel




Extra Booster 4 - Infinite Phantom Legion




Extra Booster 5 - Celestial Valkyries




Extra Booster 6 - Dazzling Divas




Extra Booster 7 - Mystical Magus




Extra Booster 8 - Champions of the Cosmos




Extra Booster 9 - Divine Dragon Progression




Extra Booster 10 - Divas Duet




Extra Booster 11 - Requiem at Dusk




Extra Booster 12 - Waltz of the Goddess




Trial Deck 1: Blaster Blade




Trial Deck 2: Dragonic Overlord




Trial Deck 3: Golden Mechanical Soldier




Trial Deck 4: Maiden Princess of the Cherry Blossoms




Trial Deck 5: Slash of Silver Wolf




Trial Deck 6: Resonance of Thunder Dragon




Trial Deck 7: Descendants of the Marine Emperor




Trial Deck 8: Liberator of the Sanctuary




Trial Deck 9: Eradicator of the Empire




Trial Deck 10: Purgatory Revenger




Trial Deck 11: Star-vader Invasion




Trial Deck 12: Dimensional Brave Kaiser




Trial Deck 13: Successor of the Sacred Regalia




Trial Deck 14: Seeker of Hope




Trial Deck 16: Divine Judgement of the Bluish Flames




Trial Deck 17: Will of the Locked Dragon




Fighter's Collection 2014




Fighter's Collection 2015




Fighter's Collection 2015 Winter




Fighter's Collection 2016




Half Deck: Crested Deck




Half Deck: Star Drive Deck




Mega Trial Deck 1: Rise to Royalty




Cardfight!! Promos






Cardfight!! Vanguard Sealed Products





Cardfight!! Vanguard Booster Packs




Cardfight!! Vanguard Booster Boxes




Cardfight!! Vanguard Trial Decks









Other TCGs and LCGs





Dragon Ball Z




Force of Will





Force of Will Sealed Products





Force of Will Booster Boxes




Force of Will Booster Packs




Force of Will Starter Decks & Box Sets






Force of Will Singles





Lapis Cluster Set 1: Curse of the Frozen Casket




Lapis Cluster Set 2: Legacy Lost




Lapis Cluster Set 3: Return of the Dragon Emperor




Lapis Cluster Set 4: Echoes of the New World




Alice Cluster Set 1: The Seven Kings of the Lands




Alice Cluster Set 2: The Twilight Wanderer




Alice Cluster Set 3: The Moonlit Savior




Alice Cluster Set 4: Battle for Attoractia




Grimm Cluster Set 1: The Crimson Moon's Fairy Tale




Grimm Cluster Set 2: The Castle of Heaven and The Two Towers




Grimm Cluster Set 3: The Moon Priestess Returns




Grimm Cluster Set 4: The Millenia of Ages




Vingolf: Engage Knights




Vingolf 2: Valkyria Chronicles




Force of Will Promos






Blue Ox Games Preconstructed Force of Will Decks






Future Card Buddy Fight





Future Card Buddy Fight Trial Decks




Future Card Buddy Fight - Booster Boxes




Future Card Buddy Fight - Booster Packs







Luck & Logic





Luck & Logic Booster Packs




Luck & Logic Trial Decks






VS. System 2PCG




Weiss Schwarz Singles





Accel World Singles




Angel Beats Re:Edit Singles




Angel Beats Re:Edit Trial Deck Singles




Attack on Titan Singles




Attack on Titan Trial Deck Singles




Bakemonogatari Singles




Bakemonogatari Trial Deck Singles




BanG! Dream Singles




BanG Dream! Trial Deck Singles




Disgaea Singles




Disgaea Trial Deck Singles




Fairy Tail Singles




Fairy Tail Trial Deck Singles




Fate/kaleid liner PRISMA ILLYA Singles




Fate/stay night [Unlimited Blade Works] Singles




Fate/stay night [Unlimited Blade Works] Trial Deck Singles




Fate Stay Night [Unlimited Blade Works] Vol 2 Singles




Fate/Zero Singles




Hatsune Miku Project Diva f Singles




Hatsune Miku Project Diva f Trial Deck Singles




Hatsune Miku Project Diva f-2nd Singles




KanColle Singles




KanColle Trial Deck Singles




KanColle 2nd Fleet Singles




KanColle: Fleet in the Deep Sea, Sighted!




Kill la Kill Singles




Kill la Kill Trial Deck Singles




Log Horizon Singles




Log Horizon Trial Deck Singles




Love Live! DX Singles




Love Live! DX Vol. 2 Singles




Love Live! Sunshine Singles




Love Live! Vol. 2 Singles




Madoka Magica -Rebellion- Singles




Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya Singles




Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya Trial Deck Singles




Nisekoi Singles




Nisekoi Extra Booster Singles




Nisemonogatari Singles




Persona 4 Singles




Sword Art Online Vol. 1 Singles




Sword Art Online Vol. 2 Singles




Sword Art Online Re:Edit Singles




Sword Art Online Trial Deck Singles




Sword Art Online II Extra Booster Singles




Sword Art Online II Extra Booster Trial Deck Singles




Sword Art Online II Vol. 2 Extra Booster Singles




The Idolm@ster Cinderella Girls Singles




To Love Ru Darkness 2nd Singles




Weiss Schwarz Promos







Weiss Schwarz Sealed Products





Angel Beats




Attack on Titan




Bakemonogatari / Nisemonogatari




Disgaea




Fairy Tail




Fate/kaleid liner PRISMA ILLYA




Fate/stay night




Fate/Zero




KanColle




Kill la Kill




Log Horizon




Love Live!




Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya




Nisekoi




Persona 4




Project Diva




Puella Magi Madoka Magica




Sword Art Online




The Idolm@ster Cinderella Girls




To Love Ru




BanG Dream!




Accel World









Tabletop Games





Board Games




Dice Masters





Dice Masters Sealed Product






Miniature Games





Games Workshop





Age of Sigmar





Age of Sigmar - Rules & Starter Boxes




Age of Sigmar - Accessories




Age of Sigmar - Stormcast Eternals




Age of Sigmar - Khorne Bloodbound




Age of Sigmar - Everchosen




Age of Sigmar - Fyreslayers




Age of Sigmar - Nurgle Rotbringers






Warhammer 40,000 Books




Warhammer Essentials






HeroClix





HeroClix Boosters




HeroClix Fast Forces, Scenario Packs, & Starters






Malifaux





Malifaux Accessories, Terrain, etc.




Malifaux - Crew Box Sets




Malifaux - 10 Thunders




Malifaux - Arcanists




Malifaux - Guild




Malifaux - Gremlins




Malifaux - Multi-Faction Models




Malifaux - Neverborn




Malifaux - Outcasts




Malifaux - Resurrectionists






WarMachine & Hordes





Warmachine




Hordes






Other Miniature Games







Role Playing Games





Dungeons & Dragons





1st Edition




2nd Edition




3rd Edition




4th Edition




5th Edition




Other Dungeons & Dragons Products




Accessories






Other Role Playing Games









Toys & Collectibles





Cthulhu Mythos




DC Comics Collectibles




Marvel Comics Collectibles





Star Wars Collectibles




Miscellaneous Toys & Collectables




Funko Fabrikations





Funko Mopeez




Funko Pocket




Pop! Vinyls





Pop! Animation




Pop! Books




Pop! Disney




Pop! Game of Thrones




Pop! Games




Pop! Harry Potter




Pop! Heroes




Pop! Magic the Gathering




Pop! Marvel




Pop! Movies




Pop! Pocket




Pop! My Little Pony




Pop! Rides




Pop! Sesame Street




Pop! Star Wars




Pop! Television




Pop! Walking Dead




Pop! WWE




Pop! Rocks




Pop! Pets







Vinyl Sugar - Dorbz




Wall Scrolls







Gaming Supplies





Binders & Portfolios




Card Sleeves





Standard-Sized Sleeves




Japanese-Sized Sleeves




Board Game Sleeves






Card Storage





Deck boxes




Dice - Chessex




Dice - Misc.





Miniature Storage & Accessories




Odds & Ends




Playmats





Playing Cards




RPG Miniatures





Reaper Bones





Numenera Miniatures




Savage Worlds Bones




Pathfinder Bones




Chronoscope




Dark Heaven






D&D Nolzur's Marvelous Miniatures




Pathfinder Deep Cuts Unpainted Miniatures









Blue Ox Products





Blue Ox Accessories




Blue Ox Apparel




Blue Ox Store Credit





Blue Ox Tokens







Event Registration








Comic Books, Manga, Trade Paperbacks & Graphic Novels





Complete Mini Series




Dark Horse




DC Comics





IDW




Image




Marvel Comics





Action Lab




Aftershock




Aspen





Avatar




Benitez Productions




Black Library (Games Workshop)





Boom! Studios




Dynamite




Joe Book, Inc.





Kodansha Comics




Oni Press




Seven Seas





Space Goat Publishing




Titan Comics




Top Shelf Productions





Udon Entertainment




Viz Media




Yen On





Yen Press




Misc. Comic Companies & Products




Comic Supplies





Diamond Previews




D.E.




Tokyopop

















×













Shop - Fungi.com













































Welcome!  Log In

 My Account
 My Bag









Welcome!  Log In


 My Account  My Bag 















Free Catalog
Email Newsletter
Event Calendar




Mushroom Info
About Us
Contact Us

























Order By:

SKU, A to Z
SKU, Z to A
Name, A to Z
Name, Z to A
Price, lo to hi
Price, hi to lo







Clear Filters
 










$16.95.2 Micron Filters for the EALF47--Set of 10
View Details









$13.951 Gallon Glass Jars with Lids--Set of 4
View Details









$227.001 Hour Cycle Timer
View Details









$1,399.001 HP, 4 Blade Turbo Humidifan
View Details









$14.951/2 Gallon Glass Jars with Lids--Set of 6
View Details









$399.001/2 Horsepower Blower--1654 CFM @ 1" SP
View Details









$489.001/2 HP 20" Shuttered Flush-Mount Ducted Fan
View Details









$1,239.001/2 HP, 2 Blade Turbo Humidifan
View Details









$1,349.001/2 HP, 4 Blade Turbo Humidifan
View Details









$399.001/3 HP 16" Shuttered Flush-Mount Ducted Fan
View Details









$439.001/3 HP 20" Shuttered Flush-Mount Ducted Fan
View Details









$1,349.001/3 HP Turbo Humidifan--230V/50Hz
View Details









$394.001/6 HP 12" Shuttered Flush-Mount Ducted Fan
View Details









$409.001/6 HP 9" Shuttered Flush-Mount Ducted Fan
View Details









$13.9510" Punched Ducting--20' Length
View Details









$269.9510" Punched Ducting--500' Roll
View Details









$13.9510" Unpunched Ducting--20' Length
View Details









$269.9510" Unpunched Ducting--500' Roll
View Details









$28.95100 Edible Mushrooms
View Details









$36.951000 mL Erlenmeyer Flask
View Details









$26.951000 mL Graduated Cylinder
View Details









$939.001000 ml Stainless Steel Eberbach Container
View Details









$159.001000VA Step Up/Step Down Transformer
View Details









$59.9510X Triplet Loupe Magnifier
View Details









$5.95110 mm Autoclavable Lids--Set of 10
View Details









$49.95110 mm Autoclavable Lids--Set of 100
View Details









$12.95110 mm Synthetic Filter Discs--Set of 10
View Details









$69.95110 mm Synthetic Filter Discs--Set of 100
View Details









$99.0012 Inch Impulse Sealer
View Details









$139.0012 Inch Impulse Sealer, 230V/50Hz
View Details









$14.9512" Punched Ducting--20' Length
View Details









$299.9512" Punched Ducting--500' Roll
View Details









$14.9512" Unpunched Ducting--20' Length
View Details









$299.9512" Unpunched Ducting--500' Roll
View Details









$119.0012 x 12 x 5.8" Micron Filter
View Details









$114.0012 x 12 x 5.8" Mini-Pleat Micron Filter
View Details



 


Page 1 of 17

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
Last »






































































    
      Buy Fungi (aka Morels) – BoardGameBliss Inc. – Canada's Board Game Store
    
  











































































Cart: 0

Log in
or
Create an account


















 
 







Shipping within Canada
Free Shipping for order over $150-200 based on location, or with the purchase of selected games (read more)
       

Shipping to US
$11.95 CAD to $14.95 CAD based on states or Free Shipping with conditions (read more)
        













Home
>

Products

>
Fungi (aka Morels)
















Fungi (aka Morels)

In Stock
$19.95 CAD






Default Title - $19.95 CAD



Quantity
            
            
            (5+ Available)
            
              
            





1







This game is part of our the Import Game Collection



Designer
Brent Povis


Publisher
Pegasus Spiele


Players
2


Playtime
30 mins


Suggested Age
10 and up


Honors


2012 Golden Geek Best 2-Player Board Game Nominee
2012 Golden Geek Best Card Game Nominee
2014 Games Magazine Best New Card Game Winner





Additional Info

122298/morels
http://boardgamegeek.com/forum/1228976/morels/reviews




Note: This game is in both English and GermanThe woods are old-growth, dappled with sunlight. Delicious mushrooms beckon from every grove and hollow. Morels may be the most sought-after in these woods, but there are many tasty and valuable varieties awaiting the savvy collector. Bring a basket if you think it's your lucky day. Forage at night and you will be all alone when you stumble upon a bonanza. If you're hungry, put a pan on the fire and bask in the aroma of chanterelles as you sauté them in butter. Feeling mercantile? Sell porcini to local aficionados for information that will help you find what you seek deep in the forest.
Morels, a strategic card game for two players, uses two decks: a Day Deck (84 cards) that includes ten different types of mushrooms as well as baskets, cider, butter, pans, and moons, and a smaller Night Deck (8 cards) of mushrooms to be foraged by moonlight. Each mushroom card has two values: one for selling and one for cooking. Selling two or more like mushrooms grants foraging sticks that expand your options in the forest (that is, the running tableau of eight face-up cards on the table), enabling offensive or defensive plays that change with every game played. Cooking sets of three or more like mushrooms – sizzling in butter or cider if the set is large enough – earns points toward winning the game. With poisonous mushrooms wielding their wrath and a hand-size limit to manage, card selection is a tricky proposition at every turn.
Following each turn, one card from the forest moves into a decay pile that is available for only a short time. The Day Deck then refills the forest from the back, creating the effect of a walk in the woods in which some strategic morsels are collected, some are passed by, and others lay ahead.




Customer Reviews








Based on 1 review

Write a review















Related products












#AlternativeFacts *PRE-ORDER*
  
        
        
        $9.95 CAD
        

          
          
          $9.95 CAD
      
Pre-order













& Cetera
  
        
        
        $52.95 CAD
        
Sold Out












10 Days in Africa
  
        
        
        $21.95 CAD
        
Sold Out











































fun-gi | Fun games for growing brands | Wefunder








































































































SUMMARY
QUOTES
VISUALS

                  TEAM
              
INVESTORS
Details


Follow















            by Wefunder Portal LLC
          



          fun-gi
        
Fun games for growing brands













$238,222 raised 
                      from 181 investors
                    

                      Successfully Funded
                        on Feb 10 2017
                    




              follow for updates



              share
            



                tweet
              











Company Profile
UPDATES (5)
ASK  QUESTION







“We design and publish games that enable emerging brands to engage fans beyond traditional media. Our first partners are the stars of HGTV's most-watched show ever: Chip and Jo of 'Fixer Upper'.  We will be launching our mobile game, House Flip, following the premiere of 'Fixer Upper' season 4 in mid December.



Alfred Fung
CEO, fun-gi




Key Facts

Exclusive partnership with Chip & Joanna Gaines, stars of HGTV's #1 show Fixer Upper, which brought in 25M viewers last season
#1 Adventure Game in Australia and New Zealand after soft launch
Global launch scheduled for March 2017
Product placement brands include Magnolia Market and York Wall Coverings
Section Studios is our development and equity partner in the game, which is led by a BAFTA award-winning art team
Landmark partners include Baylor University, USS Midway Museum, Arizona State University and more
Scripps Networks (which owns HGTV and the Fixer Upper show), is a media partner
Two additional game designs are in pre-production also for growing brands

Our Ambition
Growing brands need a new way to capture the attention of fans—with a smartphone in the hands of 68% of Americans, mobile games are the answer. Already, some of TV's top brands like Pokemon and The Walking Dead have ventured into mobile games and apps. fun-gi will become the game development platform for brands who want to give fans a new, meaningful way to engage in brand-specific experiences. It starts with America's home-renovating sweethearts, Chip and Joanna Gaines.
Documents



                    fun-gi_House_Flip_with_Chip___Jo_Wefunder.pdf
                  





fun-gi.com





from Torrance CA


media platform
games
mobile ads
vr
publisher
software
entertainment
advertising
b2b
film


















            fun-gi
          
Fun games for growing brands

“We design and publish games that enable emerging brands to engage fans beyond traditional media. Our first partners are the stars of HGTV's most-watched show ever: Chip and Jo of 'Fixer Upper'.  We will be launching our mobile game, House Flip, following the premiere of 'Fixer Upper' season 4 in mid December.



Alfred Fung
CEO, fun-gi






“We design and publish games that enable emerging brands to engage fans beyond traditional media. Our first partners are the stars of HGTV's most-watched show ever: Chip and Jo of 'Fixer Upper'.  We will be launching our mobile game, House Flip, following the premiere of 'Fixer Upper' season 4 in mid December.



Alfred Fung
CEO, fun-gi




Our Ambition
Growing brands need a new way to capture the attention of fans—with a smartphone in the hands of 68% of Americans, mobile games are the answer. Already, some of TV's top brands like Pokemon and The Walking Dead have ventured into mobile games and apps. fun-gi will become the game development platform for brands who want to give fans a new, meaningful way to engage in brand-specific experiences. It starts with America's home-renovating sweethearts, Chip and Joanna Gaines.
Key Facts

Exclusive partnership with Chip & Joanna Gaines, stars of HGTV's #1 show Fixer Upper, which brought in 25M viewers last season
#1 Adventure Game in Australia and New Zealand after soft launch
Global launch scheduled for March 2017
Product placement brands include Magnolia Market and York Wall Coverings
Section Studios is our development and equity partner in the game, which is led by a BAFTA award-winning art team
Landmark partners include Baylor University, USS Midway Museum, Arizona State University and more
Scripps Networks (which owns HGTV and the Fixer Upper show), is a media partner
Two additional game designs are in pre-production also for growing brands

Documents



                fun-gi_House_Flip_with_Chip___Jo_Wefunder.pdf
              




fun-gi.com





from Torrance CA


media platform
games
mobile ads
vr
publisher
software
entertainment
advertising
b2b
film












              fun-gi
            
Fun games for growing brands





            follow  us for updates



5 UPDATES
104 Followers





              share
            



                tweet
              
 



$238,222
                raised from 181 investors
Successfully Funded
                    on Feb 10 2017
                














Why I Like fun-gi



Having launched our apps on the opening day of the iTunes App Store, MobilityWare has garnered over 300 million installs. Much of my time is now spent acquiring companies - which means that I look at a lot of them. While I turn down most investment opportunities, I invested in fun-gi because I was impressed by how they created a novel game with branded content. Something other companies spend millions of dollars to accomplish, Alfred has done at high quality with a lean budget.



Dave Yonamine

                 Founder & Chairman of the Board at MobilityWare, fun-gi Advisor & Investor
                






THE BUZZ ABOUT FUN-GI




When Alfred first started fun-gi, I immediately recognized in him the same grit and determination I possessed when I built my business. Then he landed amazing partnership after partnership resulting in this gorgeous game, and it was clear his level of execution matched the same standard of excellence as Chip & Jo's. His commitment is unwavering, and I'm looking forward to seeing him grow more brands in this space.

Sam Kim
Investor & Advisor












Blending Art with Science: The Man and Methods Behind Fun-gi 
March 26, 2015
Alfred Fung, founder of fun-gi, did not take a traditional route into app development-if app development is even old enough to have a traditional route, that is. After finishing his undergraduate degree at the University of California, Los Angeles, he decided to join the Peace Corps.
03
26
2015









view all press 


















BRANDS NEED A NEW WAY TO ENGAGE FANS: GAMES
Mobile games are a $36.9B market and TV's biggest brands are already adopting them. 

Games are the new frontier for brands to capture their fans' hearts and attention. The more interaction a fan has with a brand experience, the more loyal they are. 
  That's why TV brands such as Pokemon have expanded their mobile app footprint, giving passionate fans unique experiences of 'living' the brand as much as possible. 




100 Million
Total Downloads





60 Million
Total Downloads





25 Million
Total Downloads 




Games Dominate App Downloads on Mobile

The mobile app market is estimated to hit $77 billion in gross revenue by next year. And the largest category by downloads are games with nearly 2 billion downloads in Q2 of 2016 alone.












OUR FIRST PARTNERS ARE CHIP AND JOANNA FROM HGTV's #1 SHOW
"Fixer Upper" is HGTV's most watched show ever. We're helping them get even bigger. 

      In the last season, which aired through spring 2016, Chip and Joanna broke cable records, with up to 4 million viewers tuning in to a single episode. 
      Their all-American values, authenticity and sense of humor have rocketed them to the status of national sweethearts. 
   









25+ million
Viewers Last Season




FANS CAN NOW RENOVATE LIKE CHIP AND JOANNA

        We've collaborated with Chip and Jo to create an authentic 'house flipping' adventure.

In 'Fixer Upper', Chip and Jo transform lackluster houses into dream homes. With Chip and Jo's help, we've recreated the house flipping experience for your phone or tablet down to the smallest details - choose your favorite shade of paint, put up shiplap siding, and stage your houses with Magnolia Market furnishings.
  









Renovate Your Dream Fixer Upper

Every choice and color imaginable at your fingertips to renovate and stage homes.            



Design in 3D

            Explore and customize materials from kitchen cabinets to dining room furniture sets.
            



The Art of House Flipping

Discover cities with hundreds of houses, starting around the Magnolia Silos in Waco, Texas.            




MEET OUR PARTNERS

"Even beyond Alfred bringing monetization and publishing to the table, he also brought a team mentality where we could mutually stretch our wings to fly. Our BAFTA award-winning heritage has given us the privilege to cherry pick projects, and partnering with fun-gi and developing House Flip with Chip & Jo has been one of our most rewarding."




Jimmy Yun
CEO, Section Studios













































'HOUSE FLIP' WILL SOFT-LAUNCH IN DECEMBER
We plan to launch the game alongside 'Fixer Upper' season 4 and develop two new games next year.





November 2014

Game Design Drafted
CEO, Alfred Fung, writes the concept, mechanics, and monetization for a house flipping game for growing brands.



December 2014


Section Studio Partnership
Founders of BAFTA-award-winning team commit to becoming development and equity partner in the house flipping game.



February 2015

Prototype Pre-production Begins
Concept and UI/UX art kicks off in preparation for a premiere at Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3).



June 2015


House Flip Demo shown at E3
Game industry experts validate the viability of a genre-defining game opening introductions to major talent agencies such CAA, UTA, and William Morris Endeavor



September 2015


Chip & Joanna Gaines Partnership
Alfred flies to Waco, TX to secure partnership with Chip & Joanna to create a house flipping game that grows their brand.



November 2015

Full Production
fun-gi moves into Section Studios office and kicks off production in Downtown Los Angeles.



March 2016

Brand Integrations from BEHR/Kilz and York/RoomMates Wall Coverings
In-game product placement integrations begin.



June 2016


Chip and Joanna Invest in Seed Round
Chip and Joanna's team contribute capital in our seed round.



July 2016

Integration of Landmark Partners

Landmarks across the United States join from Baylor University in Waco, TX to the USS Midway Museum in San Diego, CA.



October 2016

Chip and Joanna Release Bestselling Book
Chip and Joanna's book premieres at #1 on Amazon and #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list.



December 2016

Soft Launch submission to Apple for iOS Exclusive

Soft launch of the game aligned with the season 4 premiere of Fixer Upper on HGTV.



March 2017

Global Launch on iOS and Android



Fall 2017

Production of 2nd Title Begins





HOUSE FLIP IS NOW THE #1 ADVENTURE GAME IN AUSTRALIA
Just a month into our soft launch, House Flip has proven it delivers.  
House Flip has rocketed into app rankings as the #1 adventure game in both Australia and New Zealand. We've even already breached the rankings for Top Grossing Game at #80.

  





HELP US CREATE THE GAMES YOU WANT TO PLAY
We're a tight-knit team, and we want you to be a part of it. 

"Building a thriving business is about building great teams. I witnessed this when Alfred grew his ad agency at M&C Saatchi, and I'm seeing it first-hand at fun-gi.  We've both been in the games industry long enough to know the opportunity he's capturing can only be done with a crew that creates with purpose, knows the flow of fun, and is passionate about design. These are the ideals he holds to himself and those around him, and it's resulting in truly innovative game content."




Stephen Saiz
Investor & Advisor









The genesis of fun-gi and House Flip is a story of risk and reward. When I first flew to Waco, Texas to pitch Chip & Joanna Gaines, I had nothing but my will and a clunky demo funded from my dwindling life savings. Finding the tables turned with Chip pitching me instead, I knew our game was something special.  But it wasn’t enough to create innovative content alone; after all, there are plenty of great games that land in the app stores unnoticed. 

At fun-gi, we captivate customers in the app stores by partnering with brands which have exceptional alignment with our novel gameplay. Where Chip & Jo lift our game and open the doors to their zealous fans, fun-gi grows their brands and unlocks a new audience. Together, our audience heart share amplifies, further bonding the love that fans have for Chip & Joanna as well as for House Flip. Few others create content this way, and we aim to become the leader in publishing fun games for growing brands.
        

And the irony hasn’t escaped me that we’ve designed a game around the age-old business of real estate speculation. The simple concept of buying low and selling high is the very thing that drives who we are as a country: to take risks and reap their rewards. Joining us as an investor isn’t just about game creation; it’s a vote to keep the American Dream alive.
        

            Much love,
        


            Alfred Fung
        












  Founder       

















Alfred Fung
CEO
 
       Prior to fun-gi, Alfred oversaw teams in LA, SF, and NYC for global leader in mobile advertising M&C Saatchi. His game experience started at Mobile Deluxe. He's also a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer.
    





and the rest of the team





Calvin Lim
Advisor

 Co-CEO & Chief Creative Officer at SELECTIV
    











Jimmy Xu
Product Manager

 Product manager passionate about design, code, and business. Jimmy loves conceptualizing and delivering great products. After graduating from UCLA, he has been working in Los Angeles ever since.
    



















                 raised
                 $563,222 
                 from 181+ investors


              funding history
            


$125,000 

                    December 2015


                  Priced Round
                


$200,000 

                    October 2016


                  Priced Round
                


$238,222 

                    February 2017









Rem Darbinyan
Co-founder of ProDiagnose, first of its kind on-demand ultrasound service.





Andrew C Laufer
Civil Rights Attorney - Representing victims of unlawful arrest, prosecution, an excessive force.  

My father in law suffers from type 1 diabetes. Beta Bionics will substantially improve his life





Valerie T Perez






Matthew Stroia
Husband, Father, Business Owner, Coffee and Beer entrepreneur (Hoppy Coffee startup), supporter of small business... blah, blah, blah... 





Will Gruben






Paul T Chaput Jr
Air Traffic Controller with FAA. Have lived in Houston entire life. 4 year grad from U of H. Married.




  
                more investors
              




                more investors
              










Details

 Expand all



                  What is fun-gi?
                  



fun-gi designs and publishes games for growing brands. We start by creating innovative game designs with a focus on fun and marketability. We then publish our games by working with brands and different media outlets to maximize exposure from launch to live operations.



                  Can you tell us about the game you're working on now?
                  



We are working on House Flip, a first-of-its-kind house flipping game on both mobile and VR platforms. In partnering with Chip & Joanna Gaines, the stars of HGTV's popular show, Fixer Upper, we’re able to leverage their audience which brought in 25 million viewers last season. Add to that: Chip & Joanna’s own social media footprint exceeds 12 million followers and continues to grow everyday.

We created House Flip as a close collaboration with Chip & Joanna which has allowed us to imbue the game with their industry and design experience.  With the successes of their show, their #1 best selling book, their magazine, and all of their home renovation ventures, we’ve created a new media channel in a game where players learn about flipping houses: the very thing that kickstarted Chip & Joanna’s first businesses.  Authenticity to their identity is of utmost importance, and we’ve worked incredibly hard to become an extension of their brand.

In Fixer Upper, Chip & Joanna turn dilapidated but potential-rich houses into showplaces. The game that we designed is similar in the sense that you buy a dilapidated house, you renovate it, and then you flip it at a margin. Everything is in 3D, so you can evaluate your renovations from every angle. As you renovate more houses in the game, you unlock new technologies, new colors, and new materials. In the process of learning about the world of renovation, our players also unlock new cities with bigger houses and unique architecture.  Part of Chip & Joanna’s character is a sense of American culture that we wanted to capture in each city by including landmark partners including Baylor University in Waco, Texas, the Nelson-Atkins Museum in Kansas City, Missouri, and the USS Midway Museum in San Diego, California.  Instilling Americana into our game was essential as it’s one of the things people love about Chip & Joanna.




                  What's the goal of the game? What will keep people playing?
                  



The key is the sense of progression and accomplishment. It is doing more and more renovations to see the fruits of your labor; choosing which materials and colors with which to renovate allows players to exercise their own sense of design. In the process of exercising that aesthetic muscle, you unlock more and more choices. We make it very accessible because it is in the context of something that a lot of people are already familiar with: home renovation and decoration. On the business side, the element that drives progression is unlocking new cities and architecture, plus bigger and more unique homes. Not only are you unlocking new choices, but you're able to touch different types of architecture and see whether or not the technologies you have unlocked look good in those homes. Collaboration also adds to that progression where players can help their friends’ renovations by visiting their House Flips, and getting bonuses for being helpful.  Whether you play the game alone or with your friends, there’s always more to discover in the ever-expansive world of renovation.




                  Can you describe some of the milestones you've reached?
                  



We've been in production for about a year now. In March, we signed contracts with Chip & Joanna Gaines to build the game around their brand. Our relationship with them has been instrumental, not just from an audience perspective, but it has opened so many doors in terms of other brands that we're integrating into their game, like Kilz Paint and York Wallcoverings. Chip and Joanna had such a great experience working with us that they became investors in our seed round.

We're also in talks with Habitat for Humanity as our impact partner; a portion of our profits will go towards building houses, not just in America, but in developing countries as well.

Another big milestone for us is our great relationship with the application platforms, Apple and Google. They've seen our game and they're both really excited, not just because of the brand, but because this is a first-of-its-kind game. We are defining a new genre of game that’s not only beautiful, but fun to play as well.

The most recent development has been creating a media relationship with Scripps Networks, which owns Fixer Upper and the HGTV network. They also own The Food Network, DIY, and Travel Channel. They have also seen the game, and have been highly supportive. We'd love to promote the game on television, so even though we're a fledgling publisher, we'll be doing things that only some of the biggest game developers are able to do.




                  How much runway do you have?
                  



As of November 2016, the company had cash in bank of approximately $76K. It is operating with an approximate burn rate of $68K per month. The company has financing in place to fund expenses if needed.



                  Why will fun-gi win?
                  



When you think about where the games industry is right now, it continues to see massive amounts of growth, and we're still in the elbow of its growth curve especially in mobile applications. In terms of branded content, innovation has always been late as common practice has been to skin a brand on an old game for re-release, essentially replicating the same tired game.  We’ll win because our focus is on innovative designs that are highly engaging. We’ve created a game which will define and own its genre where you not only exercise the business skill of flipping houses, but you also exercise the design skill of home renovation.

We’ll also win because we’re doing something no one else has done: packaging a game in a beautiful casual wrapper while introducing, what the industry calls, ‘mid-core game mechanics’ to an audience that is usually accustomed to playing games like Candy Crush or Words With Friends. Delivering a mid-core game experience to a casual audience in House Flip creates a fun and highly-engaging experience.

Perhaps most importantly, fun-gi also wins because our focus on audience alignment allows us ways to scale our games like few other game developers can. Chip & Joanna’s show, Fixer Upper, is the #1 program on TV for upscale women, ages 25 to 54. Our game, from the ground up, was built for that very same audience. While alignment is key, we’re also able to leverage their massive audience which we anticipate will result in millions of downloads.




                  Why is fun-gi unique?
                  



We want to continue making innovative content. And, we want to create games that allow brands to thrive and continue to grow. The EA’s and the Kabam’s of the world do it with some of the biggest IP from Star Wars to Marvel. Likewise, we’re creating games as a platform for growing brands to be able to engage with a player base. The key word here is “growing” since our games are intended to grow the originating brand, and by aligning the game with their audience while basking in that halo effect we end up bringing in other brands, further growing the audiences of everyone participating. Ultimately it is that merging of the game world with the brand world and helping them grow through really fun and innovative game content is what set us apart.




                  Have you launched? What are your measures for success?
                  



Right now we are in private beta, that means that we have a build that we are continuously updating for internal testers. We're right around the corner for soft launch, so we're on track to submit our build to a couple of small countries in December. During that time we'll basically be looking at 3 key metrics: retention, engagement, and monetization (how often players come back, how long players play, and if players open their wallets to pay, respectively). Those are the really key pieces. When it comes to retention, downloads are always a big sign. We'll be looking at our daily active users. We'll be looking at how often they come back. What's our day 1, day 3, day 7, day 30 retention rate? How did they compare up against other games in the casual to mid-core space? We'll have a good sense by then of how well players are monetizing, and we will be able to determine if we are hitting the metrics that we forecasted. We forecasted a conservative figure to achieve 6 million downloads in the first 6 months. That would be in most of the major countries that Fixer Upper has a presence in. What that translates into daily active users, in our estimates based on a compounded retention curve pans out to about 400,000 daily active users. We took a look at what the industry standard is on average revenue per daily active user. For a lot of casual titles, they're under $0.10 cents. Then you have the games that are doing really well, like the Pokemons or the Clash Royales, Clash of the Clans, the Candy Crushes of the world. They're all over $0.20-$0.25 cents average revenue per daily active user (ARPDAU). What we forecast is just a $0.07 cent ARPDAU. Carrying conservative forecasts skews us more towards the casual space, but it also ensures we hit our revenue targets.




                  Tell us about your strategies for growth.
                  



It is a combination of things. We have the ability to leverage Chip & Joanna Gaines' social media footprint, over 12 million followers. Chip and Joanna are also followed by some incredible people. But getting exposure to Chip & Joanna doesn’t stop at owned or earned influencer marketing. Publishing House Flip will carry a truly integrated marketing approach where paid social, search, and video advertising will amplify any influencer campaign. Our relationship with Scripps Networks will also allow us to advertise at scale on HGTV, effectively capturing the attention of the very audience we’ve built our game for.




                  How do you make money?
                  



We make money in three ways: in-app purchases, in-game sponsorships, and in-game video advertising. Our strategy for these three channels is intentional since we know we will attract a variety of different players.  Folks who wish to be more productive or accelerate their renovations will be more inclined to make an in-app purchase, whereas folks who wish to grind and play for free will consume more in-game video advertising.  Our focus on a great branded experience also gives players the chance to interact with some of the home renovation industry’s biggest brands such as Kilz Paint or York Wallpaper.  With House Flip being free to download, we wanted to make sure that there was a lot of value to play for free while at the same time creating worthwhile moments for our players to make purchases in a game they’ve come to love.




                  Is the first of many games to come? Why are you raising now?
                  



House Flip is just our first title. We will use the same discipline of creating a truly innovative and marketable game to approach and win other brands.  Though we have already designed two other games, we’ll go through the same rigor we did with Chip & Joanna in our discovery process to ensure we identify and can help grow a growing brand.

The momentum of getting Chip & Joanna on board really dictated our focus on leading with our house flipping game as our sole project.  The nature of the game being in 3D and highly asset-intensive has also turned the game into a high budget title.  That said, the capital we’re raising right now is intended to go entirely towards the production and marketing of House Flip. Even more than just raising money, we’re excited to bring on fans of games, real estate, and Chip & Joanna as champions for our company and our games.




                  What keeps you up at night about the business?
                  



Building the right team, having the capital so that we can hire outstanding talent, and to continue to make great content so that the copycats can't get at us.




                  Why are you the ones to make this happen?
                  



I have been in games since 2010 when I oversaw monetization and user acquisition at a casual game company called Mobile Deluxe. We made Solitaire Deluxe as well as some of the highest rated slots and hidden object games. I then joined M&C Saatchi where I worked with some of the biggest apps as part of our client base, including Amazon where I marketed the Kindle app and the Amazon shopping app. I also launched the Zumba Dance Game, a Phineas and Ferb infinite-runner game as well as Sports Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune for Sony. Merging the worlds of game monetization and big brands, I started fun-gi to capture an opportunity where brands can treat games as a legitimate media channel to grow their audience and make some money at the same time. Bringing my discipline in team growth, we will continue to hire world class talent who are super motivated to create novel content in the game space.

Our first hire is Jimmy Xu who is an expert in user experience design, and has taken on a monetization and production role as our Product Manager. Our development partner, the BAFTA award-winning team in Section Studios has done work for Riot Games, EA, Dreamworks, Infinity Ward, just to name a few. As an equity partner in our game, Section Studios allows us to scale our team where it’s needed with minimal transition costs. If we need artists or extra producers, we don't need to go through the time-intensive process of identifying AAA-capable talent. In partnering with Section Studios, we’re able to turn on and turn off resources as we've needed. With this core team, we continue to attract strong talent who are motivated to create amazing games.








  
                   Read All Answers
                
  
                  View All Questions
                











        Ask a Question
      

























148 startups have raised $45,636,459 on Wefunder
Wefunder supports three different federal laws that allow startups to raise money legally.  To comply with the law, Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC (both owned by Wefunder Inc) also list startups depending on the regulation used.


Legal May 16th 2016
Regulation Crowdfunding
 Wefunder Portal LLC

$24,991,616
for 70 startups



Legal Now
Regulation D
Wefunder Advisors LLC


$19,258,164
for 82 startups




Rare
Regulation A+
Wefunder Inc


$1,386,679
for 1 startup







We are the largest funding portal for Regulation Crowdfunding.



I'm a stats junkie!  Show me an entire page of stats!

Some fine print:  1) These numbers include startups currently live on Wefunder if they pass their minimum target.  2) Some startups use two different laws at the same time (i.e., Regulation D and Regulation Crowdfunding).













About us
Our Profile
Jobs
Press
Blog
Charter
Stats


Investors
Investing 101
Risks
Earning Returns
Securities
Clubs
$2500 per Referral


Founders
Raise Funding
FAQ
Legal Primer
Free Contracts
Profile Guide
Launch Guide


Say Hello
 hello@wefunder.com
  Twitter
  Facebook 
 Instagram  
 Youtube  

 888-546-0325


SF
                /
                Boston








Wefunder Inc. runs wefunder.com and is the parent company of Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC. Wefunder Advisors is an exempt reporting adviser that advises SPVs used in Reg D offerings. Wefunder Portal is a funding portal (CRD #283503) that operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg Crowdfunding offerings are made.

                    Wefunder, Inc. operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg A offerings are made.  Wefunder, Inc. is not regulated as either a broker-dealer or funding portal and is not a member of FINRA.

                  By using wefunder.com, you accept our Terms & Privacy Policy.  If investing, you accept our Investor Agreement.

                  You may also view our Privacy Notice.

































              Signup
            
Already have an account?  Login
Don't have an account?  Signup



Sign up with Facebook


Privacy: We won’t share your data with Facebook without your explicit permission.
              


              — or —
            







Sign Up








Login
Forgot password?



Forgot password?
Tell us the email you used to sign up, and we'll get you on your way.

No account with that email address exists.
Reset
Nevermind. I remember my password!









Explore
News
Raise Funding
FAQ
Login
Sign Up
 










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































