

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












                  Ripoff Report | The Furman Complaint Review Select State/Province                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.   Get Started       Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Stores > Clothing Stores > The Furman > The Furman William Sher Fursher New York, Ny Bounced Checks, Lied, And Owns A Very Poorly Run Company New York, Ny Ny       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #1131272     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: The Furman      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Mon, March 17, 2014   Updated:  Mon, March 17, 2014    Reported By:
									    RETAILERDC —
	                                    Washington Dist of Columbia          The Furman   
				    							, Select State/Province								      		 USA     Phone:  Web:   Category: Clothing Stores       The Furman William Sher Fursher New York, NY Bounced Checks, Lied, and owns a very poorly run company. New York, NY NY   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 0Consumer 0Employee/Owner          ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!     On the 17th of August I met Will Sher, aka The Furman, the owner of Fursher International, at his retail location at 156 West 30th Street, New York, NY. Will and I discussed him purchasing 4 of my customer's furs from my Boutique in Washington DC to sell at his store. Will and I agreed that in 2 weeks he was to pay me $2395 for the 4 furs. The furs were individually valued to me at $750, $750, $500 and $395. I gave Will possession of the furs. I also gave Will some time before I tried to collect payment as per our agreement. When I tried to call him in September he did not answer or return my phone calls. That same month, I stopped by to see Will at the store, he told me he had deposits for 2 of the coats and the checks were in the mail. When there I asked for the other furs back and he assured me he sent the checks. Another month went by and I still hadn't received the checks and ignored all my calls. [continued below]....
									   Report Attachments:               
										..... In October he avoided me when I traveled to NY to pick up a check for the second time. When I finally got a hold of him he again assured me he had sent a check. All of November he echoed the same response that he had sent a check. Right before Christmas we spoke again and he agreed to pay for all the furs, this time by the end of the year. I then received a check for a single fur for $395. When I deposited the check, it never cleared it's bounced over and over again. Will became irate when I told him this. He yelled assuring me there was money in the account. I received another check for a single fur, in the amount of $500 in January. This time I cashed the check. We called and called for the remaining payments everyday for a month and askedf ro the furs to be sent back, always being assured that a FedEx went out on a certain day with the other checks. A week went by and the checks still never came. We called again to remedy the situation, his employee again mislead us about payment going out by a certain date. The end of January came and I still had no furs and only partial payment. My staff and myself once again would call to figure out what was going on with the other checks, but we would somehow just miss Will, or even miss everybody at the store all together. When we did get a hold of his employees, they assured me that he saw Will sign and send the other checks. Weeks passed before I received 2 additional checks, each in the amount of $750. Both checks however were post dated. BOTH CHECKS BOUNCED AGAIN.  This now left me short 1500 plus banking fees and 2 furs short. My staff and I again tried to contact The Furman. He and his staff by this point became rude they would scream and curse at us. After weeks of calling, I did finally get a hold of Will. We discussed that 2 checks did not clear, he would scream at me and told me he isn't going to pay the remaining balance. I told him that I would contact the Better Business Bureau and register a complaint if he did not pay. He told me that he would sue me if I did that. He also screamed at me and wrote a threatening note. Once I said I would turn hikm into the better business bureau he overnighted ceritified checks. Upon asking for all the bounced check fees fo $12 he yelled at me and said he would send a check, we are still waiting. HE IS A CONMAN and do not do business here or leave any product in his possion.     This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 03/17/2014 12:54 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/the-furman/select-stateprovince/the-furman-william-sher-fursher-new-york-ny-bounced-checks-lied-and-owns-a-very-poorly-1131272.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on The Furman									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									                                                                   Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                





























Furman William & Evelyn - Peoria, AZ - Advertising Promotional Products







 




























 




Peoria, AZ



Advertising Promotional Products



 
 










Sign in




















Advertising Promotional Products

Furman William & Evelyn 





9049 W Hatfield Rd

Peoria,
                    AZ
85383

                    -
                    Maricopa County














                    (623) 566-1120

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
Furman William & Evelyn in Peoria, AZ - Maricopa County is a business listed in the categories Advertising Promotional Products, Advertising Agencies, Advertising Consultants, Promotional Products Advertising, Other Services Related To Advertising, Nondurable Goods, Nec, Advertising Agencies & Counselors and Promotional Items & Supplies. If you did business with Furman William & Evelyn, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Advertising Promotional Products, 
            Advertising Agencies, 
            Advertising Consultants, 
            Promotional Products Advertising, 
            Other Services Related To Advertising, 
            Nondurable Goods, Nec, 
            Advertising Agencies & Counselors, 
            Promotional Items & Supplies
    




Share




Tweet

































Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for Furman William & Evelyn
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like Furman William & Evelyn


Peoria, AZ



Advertising Promotional Products





Peoria, AZ



Advertising Agencies














Advertising Promotional Products






Furman William & Evelyn

Advertising Promotional Products

9049 W Hatfield Rd
Peoria, AZ









Arizona Color

Signs

2040 W Deer Valley Rd
Phoenix, AZ









Redline Seo Services Llc. a Phoenix Seo Company

Marketing Services

9750 W Runion Dr
Peoria, AZ









Creative Resources

Communications Consultants

27295 n 83rd Dr
Peoria, AZ









RECOGNITION CONCEPTS INC

Advertising Promotional Products

7131 W Planada Ln
Glendale, AZ









Always On Healthcare

Temporary Contractor Agencies

8671 W Union Hills Dr Ste 500
Peoria, AZ








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz






















Furman William & Evelyn in Peoria, AZ 85383 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Arizona
» Peoria
» Specialty & Promotional Products
» Furman William & Evelyn













Furman William & Evelyn


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





9049 W Hatfield Rd  Peoria, Arizona 85383


(623) 566-1120


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Furman William & Evelyn is located at the address 9049 W Hatfield Rd in Peoria, Arizona 85383.  They can be contacted via phone at (623) 566-1120 for pricing, hours and directions.  Furman William & Evelyn specializes in Business Advertising, Political, Parties.  Furman William & Evelyn provides Signs, Digital Copying, Poster Design to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Furman William & Evelyn view the map to the right.  For reviews of Furman William & Evelyn see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Catalogs
, Posters
, Business Forms
, Signs
, Wedding Supplies
, Office Supplies
, Advertisements
, Uniforms
, Newsletters
, Athletic Apparel



SERVICES


Digital Copying
, Signs
, Custom Design
, Custom Designs
, Graphic Design
, Corporate Services
, Commercial Services
, Public Relations
, Shipping
, Poster Design


 BRANDS


Adobe
, Quark
, Nike
, 3M
, Carhartt
, Oxfords
, Konica
, Reebok
, Minolta
, Cutter & Buck


 SPECIALTIES


Teams
, Political
, Business Advertising
, Local
, Birthdays
, Event Marketing
, Graduations
, Parties
, T-Shirts
, Sports Marketing



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (623) 566-1120
CATEGORIES:


Specialty & Promotional Products
Professional Services
Advertising Products & Services



People Also Viewed


Arrowhead Custom Imprinting


Po Box 414  Peoria, Arizona 85380





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Furman v. Georgia by Josh Szkotak on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookFurman v. Georgia
                            
                                AAA
                            
                        
        
            by Josh Szkotak
        
        on 18 February 2013
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Furman v. GeorgiaFURMAN V. GEORGIA Description of Case William Henry Furman was on trial for the murder of William Micke on September 28th,1968. Supposedly, Furman had broken into the house of Micke, but Micke had caught him in the act. Furman then ran and escaped out the back door. He had then turned around and shot blindly through the plywood door, killing Micke. Furman was then put on trial for murder and sentenced to death. However, Furman's story was different. Furman's Story Furman said that he didn't mean to kill Micke. He did admit to breaking into his house, but he says that he did not intentionally shoot back at the door. Furman said that once Micke caught him, Furman ran out the back door, tripped, and the gun accidentally went off. After that, Furman got up and ran without going back to check if he had shot Micke. Furman said that he didn't know he had killed anybody. However, the court thought otherwise. The Court's View o Despite Furman's view on the incident, the Georgia court still felt he needed to be sentenced to the death penalty. People then thought this was an example of cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the eighth amendment. Furman v. Georgia is Taken to the Supreme Court  The punishment of crimes suchas these depend on the state that they occur in. For example, while Furmanhad shot one man by accident and wasgoing to be given a death sentence,a man in a different state could torture five people to death and only get lifein prison. Death Penalty? The Supreme Court's Ruling & Afterward The supreme court eventually ruled that sentencing Furman to the death penalty constituted cruel and unusual punishment, and Furman was only put in a prison sentence for life. However, he was put on parole 12 years later. Later, his record showed several more arrests related to weapons or alcohol. In 2004, he was arrested on account of burglary, and then he was arrested once again for the same thing in 2005. Finally, in 2006, he was arrested for breaking into a woman's home. He was then jailed without bond. William Fuman The question still remained. Did sentencing Furman to death count as cruel and unusual punishment? But more importantly, if the Supreme Court said yes, it would overturn many more death sentences than Furman. The Effects of Furman v. Georgia Today Today, the death penalty still runs strong despite everything that has happened. The Supreme Court says that the death penalty can be applied if the defendant is convicted of murder, is over the age of 18, and is not mentally handicapped. With this ruling, the Supreme Court left the decision up to the state that the person is convicted in. With this ruling, if Furman v. Georgia happened today, Furman would not be sentenced to the death penalty. (Based on the view that Furman did not intend to kill Micke.) http://www.proprofs.com/flashcards/upload/q4712261.bmp http://deathpenalty.procon.org/files/1-death-penalty-images/william-furman-at-the-time-of-his-arrest-on-august-11-1967.jpg http://www.aclu-de.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/time-to-end-dp-image.jpgFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Josh Szkotak
        Josh Szkotak - EyebrowsCensorshipNouri al-Maliki
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsLanguages
                    English
                
                    Español
                
                    한국어
                
                    日本語
                
                    Deutsch
                
                    Português
                
                    Français
                
                    Magyar
                
                    Italiano
                InfogramChartsInfographicsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportBlogSee all© 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsInfogramInfogramChartsInfographicsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportLanguages
                                English
                            
                                Español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                Italiano
                            © 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks
