    Brad Rosenberg | FutureVault Inc | ZoomInfo.com


 






















FutureVault - Pioneering the Digital Collaborative Vault













Toll Free: 1 (844) 5-FVAULT
support@futurevaultinc.com
























Pioneering the digital collaborative vault







Request A Demo

x




First name:*
 Please enter your first name



Last name:*
 Please enter your last name



Company:*
 Please enter your company

Email:*
 Please enter a valid email address






*required




x

You're almost there!
Please check your email to confirm your email address. Once confirmed, you can book your demo appointment. Thanks!




About FutureVault
FutureVault is the premier Personal & Business Information Management Platform offering financial
			institutions and partner organizations a powerful B2B2C white label SaaS solution to acquire,
			reward & retain their clients and members. FutureVault affords end users (Vault Holders)
			the ability to digitally deposit, store, manage and collaborate on important financial,
			legal and personal documents in a highly-structured interface across multiple entities
			(individuals, corporations, sole proprietorships, trusts, family members, etc.).
			FutureVault increases trust, transparency and opportunity between parties,
			helping to simplify document and asset management, while growing relationships and capitalizing on opportunities.


Our Team
FutureVault™ Inc. was founded in 2014 in Toronto, Canada, by a team of leaders in finance and technology with a view to develop a FinTech platform that empowers both end users and their trusted legal, financial and personal advisors.






G. Scott Paterson
Executive Chairman, Founder







John D. Orr
Chief Executive Officer







Kevin Whyte
President & Chief Operating Officer






Rudy Sankovic
Chief Financial Officer





Richard Adair
Vice Chair





Michael Bradley
Chief Marketing Officer





Brad Rosenberg
Chief Product Officer





Tom Duane
Chief Technology Officer





Dave Happy
Regional Vice President, Sales





Courtney Senior
Director of Marketing





Saul Pardillo
Creative Director





Raeid Saqur
Head of Development





Diane Pedreira
Business Development Manager





Caroll Simmons
Director of Customer Success





W. Shawn Davitt
Taxonomy Analyst





Jason Ko
Full Stack Developer





Rita Gupta
Program Manager





Trista Smallwood
Concierge Services Lead





Bamba Ndiaye
DevOps Engineer





Reza Khan
Solution Architect





Nataliia Basmanova
Front End Developer





Asma Afroza
QA Lead & Project Manager





Niusha Payami
DevOps Engineer





Mark Tyborowski
Software Architect









Want to know more about us?
Feel free to email us at ask@futurevaultinc.com or call us at 1-844-538-2859.
Request a Demo













 






















FutureVault - G Scott Paterson - Executive Chairman











Toll Free: 1 (844) 5-FVAULT
support@futurevaultinc.com
























Pioneering the digital collaborative vault
Optimized collaboration between organizatons, clients and their network of trusted advisors in creating both trust and opportunity.
Request a Demo






Request A Demo

x




First name:*
 Please enter your first name



Last name:*
 Please enter your last name



Company:*
 Please enter your company

Email:*
 Please enter a valid email address






*required




x

You're almost there!
Please check your email to confirm your email address. Once confirmed, you can book your demo appointment. Thanks!




Our Team





G. Scott Paterson
Executive Chairman







			G Scott Paterson is a media & technology entrepreneur, investor and thought leader. Mr. Paterson co-founded FutureVault and acts as Executive Chairman, where he has a broad mandate of leading the corporation’s vision and strategic priorities in addition to driving business and product development.
			

			Further, Mr. Paterson currently serves as: Director and Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee of Lions Gate Entertainment (NYSE:LGF) – a leading film & television production company with titles including ‘The Hunger Games’, ‘Mad Men’ and ‘Orange is the New Black’; Chairman of Symbility Solutions (TSXV:SY), a cloud-based SaaS provider of software to the insurance industry; Chairman of Engagement Labs (TSXV:EL), a cloud-based SaaS provider of software for marketers; Chairman of privately held The QYOU, a multi-screen entertainment network that brings the world’s most ‘must-watch’ made-for-web video to TV providers; Director of privately held Giftagram, a fast growing mobile app that affords consumers a personal gifting concierge.
			

			Mr. Paterson was instrumental in the evolution of NeuLion Inc. (TSX:NLN) having led the company’s predecessor company JumpTV as Chairman & CEO through a successful August 2006 US $65 million IPO led by Morgan Stanley and a subsequent February 2007 US $100 million secondary financing. In 2008, Mr. Paterson negotiated JumpTV’s takeover of NeuLion becoming Vice Chairman of the Board which role he held until June 2015. NeuLion is a world leader specializing in digital video broadcasting, distribution and monetization on behalf of clients such as the NFL and NBA.
			

			Mr. Paterson previously served as Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Yorkton Securities Inc. which, during his tenure, was Canada’s leading technology and entertainment-focused investment bank raising over $3 billion as lead underwriter. Mr. Paterson has also served as Chairman of the Canadian Venture Stock Exchange, Vice Chairman of the Toronto Stock Exchange, a Governor of the Investment Dealers Association, a Director of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund and a Director of the Canadian Securities Institute.
			

			Mr. Paterson has been recognized for decades as one of Canada’s leaders in technology and media finance. In 1997, he was a Recipient of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 Award; in 1999, Time Magazine called him One of Canada’s 21st Century Leaders; in 2000, Western University afforded Mr. Paterson its highest alumnus honour, the Purple & White Award; in 2001, he was a Speaker at Moses Znamier’s TedTalks; in 2007, he was featured in Newsweek Magazine as “Who’s Next ?”; and, in 2013 he was the Keynote Speaker at the Ernst & Young Niagara Region Entrepreneur of the Year Awards.
			

			In 2009, Mr. Paterson obtained an ICD.D designation by graduating from the Institute of Corporate Directors, Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto and in 2014, Mr. Paterson obtained a Certificate in Entertainment Law from Osgoode Hall Law School.
			

			In addition, Mr. Paterson is Chairman of the Merry Go Round Children’s Foundation (and it flagship program Kids, Cops & Computers) which he co-founded in 1997. In 2009, he received a Certificate of Appreciation by the Toronto District School Board and Plaque of Appreciation by Toronto’s Deputy Chief of Police on behalf of Merry Go Round. Mr. Paterson has established bursaries at Western University and in 2000 donated $1 million to establish the G Scott Paterson Wing at the Schulich Medical School. Mr. Paterson has also established several bursaries at and has been a Governor of Ridley College for 17 years. He Co-Chaired the School’s 125th Anniversary Fundraising Campaign in 2013/14.
			

			Mr Paterson has seven children and he and his wife Sarah enjoy water and snow skiing, playing squash and time in cottage country.
			





Want to know more about us?
Feel free to email us at ask@futurevaultinc.com or call us at 1-844-538-2859.
Request a Demo































 



 John D. Orr, Senior Banker and Investor, Joins FutureVault as Chief Executive Officer and a 
         










    










 













 











 



















John D. Orr, Senior Banker and Investor, Joins FutureVault as Chief Executive Officer and a Significant Investor
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
FutureVault Inc.  
Jul 12, 2017, 08:55 ET









 Share this article




























































TORONTO, July 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - FutureVault, a personal and business information management company, has named banking executive, lawyer, entrepreneur and investment professional John D. Orr as Chief Executive Officer. In addition to joining the management team, Mr. Orr has made a significant personal investment in the Company for a material ownership position.








Launched commercially in North America in late 2016 after two years of development, FutureVault has created an advanced cloud-based information management platform with patents pending. In an increasingly digital world, characterized by volume, complexity and risk, FutureVault's secure platform provides both individuals and businesses with the tools and intelligence to select, retain and optimize all their information. The platform represents a new category: an intelligent, secure, encrypted, auditable repository for all the information in one's life or business. FutureVault's product suite and feature set accommodate a broad range of customer information management needs, from a relatively straightforward individual's requirements to those of a multi-jurisdictional business or a large family office.
FutureVault's core product, the Digital Collaborative Vault, is offered to individuals primarily through partner organizations. Partners are able to deepen relationships with target client segments while enhancing the efficacy and robustness of their client management and compliance regimes. Partner organizations will include wealth management firms, banks, credit unions, insurance companies, affinity groups, and educational institutions. The direct-to-business version of the product provides tailored solutions targeted at complex, high-value, multi-stakeholder verticals including financial services, real estate, automotive, dental, and luxury goods.
"While in its infancy, the category of secure, intelligent information management is poised to play a disruptive role across numerous sectors. With our proprietary, industry-leading technology having recently launched commercially, we set out to recruit a leader with the vision and management skills to guide the company to reach its incredible potential," said G Scott Paterson, Executive Chairman. "John has extensive experience as well as tremendous entrepreneurial and investment acumen. John is universally regarded as a unique talent who always deals with a high degree of professionalism. We are delighted that he has agreed to join and lead our team."
Mr. Orr has over 25 years of financial services experience. He currently serves as an advisor to the Arena Group, the Kessler Group, G2 Investment Group and Applied Data Finance. He is also Co-Chair of the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health's Corporate Cabinet. 
Mr. Orr spent the majority of his career at CIBC, serving in the most senior leadership positions across the bank. His most recent role was as Executive Vice President responsible for the group's strategy and corporate development functions and its merchant banking business. Previously, he served as a Managing Director in its investment bank and as the Chief Executive Officer of two subsidiary banks: Amicus bank, offering the President's Choice Financial product suite and FirstCaribbean International Bank. 
Before his work in banking, Mr. Orr practiced law in Toronto.  Mr. Orr received a BA in Economics and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario and a law degree from Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
"Information is the next and ultimate asset class. The ever-increasing complexity of our digital world demands the creation of a category of products and services designed to properly manage information. Creating a dynamic platform for information management has been a personal goal for a very long time," said Mr. Orr. "The development of solutions for the efficient and effective selection, retention, management and optimization of one's information warrants the same level of focus and expertise as do solutions for the management of one's financial assets. Information is an extremely valuable asset and should be managed and protected as such. Everyone understands what current cloud-based document management platforms provide, but when viewing information through the lens of an asset class, it is clear that these solutions were not designed to meet this need. At FutureVault, we have tasked ourselves to lead the creation of information as an asset class. Fundamentally, our role is to provide the tools and intelligence to allow individuals and businesses to optimize the value of their information. FutureVault is much more than simply a digital storage company; its robust, highly secure technology and uniquely experienced team provide the ideal platform to pursue this mandate."
About FutureVaultFutureVault is an intelligent personal and business information management company. FutureVault's suite of products offers partner organizations a powerful white label SaaS solution to acquire, reward & retain their clients, members and employees. FutureVault enhances a partner organization's ability to manage key client segments and provides its end users with the ability to digitally deposit, store, and manage their information through a highly-structured, instructive interface across multiple entities. FutureVault's direct-to-business product suite provides tailored solutions targeted at high-value, multi-stakeholder verticals. 
http://www.futurevault.com/­­
SOURCE FutureVault Inc.
 Related Links

www.futurevaultinc.com



 













May 23, 2017, 09:04 ET
Preview: C-Suite Network Partners with FutureVault to Offer Members a Custom Digital Collaborative Vault






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

May 23, 2017, 09:04 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              C-Suite Network Partners with FutureVault to Offer Members a...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Internet Technology
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
John D. Orr, Senior Banker and Investor, Joins FutureVault as Chief Executive Officer and a Significant Investor


 News provided by
FutureVault Inc.  
Jul 12, 2017, 08:55 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 FutureVault Launches the Most Sophisticated Digital Filing Cabinet and Safety Deposit Box Ever 
         










    










 













 











 



















FutureVault Launches the Most Sophisticated Digital Filing Cabinet and Safety Deposit Box Ever Built at Finovate in New York City
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
FutureVault Inc.  
Sep 08, 2016, 14:57 ET









 Share this article




























































New Digital Vault Will Change the Way Business is Done
NEW YORK, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - FutureVault is at the epicenter of a brand new disruptive category in the financial services world: the digital collaborative vault. Launching this week at Finovate, FutureVault allows users to digitally deposit, store and manage important financial, legal and personal documents through a white label, cloud-based, SaaS platform.








(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160908/405734LOGO) 
For banks and other financial institutions, FutureVault is a solution used to acquire, retain and reward their customers while yielding valuable data and analytics. With robust features around secure sharing, collaboration and organization, FutureVault is an incredibly 'sticky' tool to connect and stay connected with clients in order to increase both trust and opportunity between all parties. 
FutureVault is the latest venture for noted Toronto-based venture capitalist and technology entrepreneur G. Scott Paterson, who realized the current document and account management solutions were not fulfilling his needs. In fact, there were many discrete examples of how even the smallest bit of disorganization around documents, accounts and dates had a material financial impact. He needed a solution that was safe, easy to organize and available to his trusted advisors.
"Within five years, every financial services organization in the world -- banks, credit unions, mutual funds, unions, pension funds, accountants, law firms -- will need to build or buy a FutureVault-type solution to engage and collaborate with customers-- initially as a competitive advantage; later, so as not to be left behind," said G. Scott Paterson, Chairman & CEO, FutureVault. "Within 15 years, it will be unheard of not to have all of one's personal, financial and legal documents deposited in a product like FutureVault."
For end users, or Vault Holders, FutureVault offers the most sophisticated digital filing cabinet and safety deposit box ever built. Using a highly structured taxonomy, FutureVault allows for document storage and filtering across an unlimited number of entities including family members, corporations, sole proprietorships, trusts, foundations, etc. 
FutureVault fosters a completely unique type of collaboration between clients and their specific and unique network of Trusted Advisors (wealth advisors, accountants, lawyers, insurance agents, family members, etc.). This patent-pending suite of functionality allows for the sharing and fiduciary tracking of vital documents, ultimately increasing trust between all parties, helping to simplify document and asset management, grow relationships and capitalize on opportunities.  Each Trusted Advisor leaves a digital audit trail allowing the Vault Holder to know what documents are being reviewed and how they are being used. Each Vault Holder receives a secure FutureVault email address so their counter parties can either deliver documents directly into their FutureVault by way of a technology interface (an API) or by simply emailing the documents to the Vault Holder's account.
"The Trusted Advisor feature is a game changer; it is going to change the way business is done. FutureVault effectively outsources activities like storing and assembling documents for tax preparation, loan requests, insurance renewals or claims, etc. from the client to the service provider thereby saving the client countless hours and increasing their productivity," said Mr. Paterson. 
Regardless of investment activity or economic status, consumers are bombarded with endless documentation: bank statements, mortgage documents, 401K quarterly updates, auto/life/property insurance paperwork, loyalty rewards programs, medical information, children's school information, etc.  And with those documents come an endless amount of usernames and passwords. With FutureVault, consumers have a one-point solution in a centralized, secure digital vault.
There are many unique features that make FutureVault the best product on the market, including: 

Trusted Advisors - The ability to provide full or partial access to your account to financial professionals like tax preparers, lawyers and financial advisors, representing huge productivity gains for individuals; 
High security storage & bank-grade encryption; 
Smart filing system with 25 categories, 170 subcategories and more than 1,150 suggested documents and document summary forms representing the gold standard in organization and financial literacy; 
OCR-based (Optical Character Recognition) auto-filing system can tell you where to file uploaded documents based on proprietary algorithms. Whether you file your documents in the appropriate folder or not, they will all be searchable as the text has been extracted; 
For financial institutions, structured communication and collaboration with your clients improves workflow efficiencies (i.e.: versus emailing/faxing confidential forms) and provides higher threshold for security and compliance; 
Convenient iOS companion app available at the Apple Store; 
Patent-pending entities and entity filtering functionality. 

FutureVault will be launching at FinovateFall in New York City on September 9. 
About FutureVault FutureVault allows users to digitally deposit, store, collaborate and manage important financial, legal and personal documents on a secure white label, cloud-based, SaaS platform. For financial service organizations, it helps to acquire, retain and reward clients while, at the same time, yielding invaluable data and analytics. For Vault Holders, the solution offers the most sophisticated digital filing cabinet and safety deposit box ever built.  Users safely deposit, store and manage personal, financial & legal documents in a highly structured interface across multiple entities (corporations, sole proprietorships, trusts, family members, etc.). FutureVault increases trust and opportunity between parties, helping to simplify document and asset management, grow relationships and capitalize on opportunities. 
SOURCE  FutureVault Inc.



 

















Jan 11, 2017, 15:07 ET
Preview: FutureVault Attracts Top Talent to Leadership Positions








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 12, 2017, 08:55 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              John D. Orr, Senior Banker and Investor, Joins FutureVault as...








 

May 23, 2017, 09:04 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              C-Suite Network Partners with FutureVault to Offer Members a...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  High Tech Security
  Office Products
New Products & Services








 You just read:
FutureVault Launches the Most Sophisticated Digital Filing Cabinet and Safety Deposit Box Ever Built at Finovate in New York City


 News provided by
FutureVault Inc.  
Sep 08, 2016, 14:57 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





FutureVault Inc.'s FutureVault | Linux Journal










































Skip to Navigation
Click to subscribe
Login
 








 
 

 
 



FutureVault Inc.'s FutureVault
 







		Nov 28, 2016		 By James Gray 
 inFinance
Products
Security





Though short of Mr Torvalds' aim of world domination, FutureVault,
Inc., has set the ambitious goal to "change the way business is
done"
with its FutureVault digital collaborative vault application. Described
by its developer as "at the epicenter of a brand new disruptive
category in the financial services world", FutureVault allows
users to deposit, store and manage important financial,
legal and personal documents digitally by means of a white-label, cloud-based,
SaaS platform. 


FutureVault is a solution for banks and other financial
institutions used to acquire, retain and reward their customers while
yielding valuable data and analytics. With robust features around secure
sharing, collaboration and organization, FutureVault, Inc., calls its
solution "an incredibly 'sticky' tool to connect and stay connected
with clients in order to increase both trust and opportunity between
all parties". 


The company predicts that "Within 15 years, it will
be unheard of not to have all of one's personal, financial and legal
documents deposited in a product like FutureVault."




______________________
	
James Gray is Products Editor for Linux Journal.	

Login to save this as favorite













 
 
 



View the discussion thread. 
 
 
 



Subscribe
Blogs
Reviews
HOWTOs
Geek Guides
Hep & Tips
How to Get Linux
Getting Help
 
Loading





 
 





 



 
 

Trending Topics

SysAdmin
Enterprise
Security
Cloud
HPC
Mobile
Virtualization
Web Development
 
 


The LatestPopularRecent Comments















Gabriel Ford, Sadie Ford and Melissa Ford's Hello, Scratch! 

            Jul 28, 2017          



Gabedit: the Portal to Chemistry 

            Jul 27, 2017          



Pydio 

            Jul 26, 2017          



Postmortem: What to Do After a Security Incident 

            Jul 25, 2017          



Rogue Wave Software's Zend Studio 

            Jul 24, 2017          



Managing Docker Instances with Puppet 

            Jul 20, 2017          






    more  

 
 








Gabriel Ford, Sadie Ford and Melissa Ford's Hello, Scratch!




Gabedit: the Portal to Chemistry




Postmortem: What to Do After a Security Incident




Managing Docker Instances with Puppet




Sysadmin 101: Alerting




Pydio




All Your Accounts Are Belong to Us




Returning Values from Bash Functions




Scissors, Paper or Rock?




Rogue Wave Software's Zend Studio



 


    more  

 
 


 
 
 
 




 



 
 
 
 







First Name
Last Name






Address 1
Address 2






City
State
Zip







Email










Canadian Residents | Foreign Residents | Gift Subscriptions | Customer Service | Privacy Policy



 


 
 

Digital Edition

Subscribe/Renew
Pay My Bill
Customer Service
Digital Downloads
Gift Subscriptions
 
 

Magazine Formats

PC/Mac
Android
iPhone/iPad
EPUB
Kindle
 
 

The Store

Stickers
T-shirts
Posters
Back Issues
LJ Archive
 
 

About Us

Advertise
Author Info
Write a Letter
FAQ
Masthead
 
 

The Site

Copyright
RSS Feeds
Privacy Policy
Events
Contact Us
 
 


Copyright © 1994 - 2017 Linux Journal. All rights reserved.

 
 
 















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | FutureVault Inc.



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Information Technology Services
 > 
FutureVault Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








FutureVault Inc.



Submit a Review

































FutureVault Inc.






            Business Information
        






(647) 559-2700

FutureVault Inc.

        200 - 441 King St W
        Toronto, ON M5V 1K4
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (844) 538-2858
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            ask@futurevaultinc.com
                        

                            support@futurevaultinc.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 07/12/2015
            






            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Michael Bradley
                





            Business Category
        


                Information Technology Services
            






            Products & Services
        
        This company is a financial technology platform for financial and legal organizations to offer their consumers a secure portal to ingest, store and manage important financial, legal and personal documents.

    




 








            Business Information
        






                    A 
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























FutureVault Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                FutureVault Inc.
            










A 




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 













 








































FutureVault: Providing A Secure Cloud-Based Solution For Sensitive Documents | Benzinga



















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro





















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
  





FutureVault: Providing A Secure Cloud-Based Solution For Sensitive Documents


FutureVault: Providing A Secure Cloud-Based Solution For Sensitive Documents







Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer  
 





 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



              March 27, 2017 8:42am            
 
Comments





Share:
 






 


 
It's almost that time of year.
The 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is a competition to showcase the companies with the most impressive technology that are paving the future in financial services and capital markets.
To get you prepared for this year's awards, Benzinga will profile each fintech company that has applied. Want to get involved? Submit your company here.
For this installment, we spoke with FutureVault CEO G. Scott Paterson (answers have been edited for length and clarity).

FutureVault
What does your company do? What unique problem does it solve?
FutureVault allows users to digitally deposit, store, collaborate and manage important financial, legal and personal documents on a secure white-label, cloud-based, SaaS platform. Think of it like a highly structured filing cabinet in the cloud that allows for document storage and filtering across an unlimited number of entities including family members, corporations, sole proprietorship, trusts and foundations. FutureVault helps to foster a completely new type of collaboration between clients and their network of Trusted Advisers.
Who are your customers? 
For banks and other financial institutions, FutureVault is a solution used to acquire, retain and reward their customers while yielding valuable data and analytics. FutureVault is a product that increases trust and opportunity between parties, helping to simplify document and asset management, grow relationships and capitalize on opportunities.
Where are you located?
FutureVault™ Inc. was founded in 2014 in Toronto, Canada, by a team of leaders in finance and technology with a view to develop a fintech platform that empowers both end users and their trusted legal, financial and personal advisors.
Who is your company's leadership? What kind of experience do they have?
G. Scott Paterson – Chairman & CEO, Co-founder


		Former vice chairman of the Toronto Stock Exchange; former chairman of Toronto Venture Exchange.

		Former chairman & CEO of Yorkton Securities (technology investment bank).

		Current board member and chair of Audit & Risk Committee of Lionsgate Entertainment.

		Former chairman & CEO, JumpTV.

Kevin Whyte – President & Chief Operating Officer


		Former COO & senior vice president of IT of OPTrust (Ontario Public Service Pension Plan).

		Former chief information officer, SVP Operations & Technology, Wealth Management, TD Bank Financial Group.

		Former VP & director IT, RBC Investments.

		Former VP & director, Private Client Technology, RBC Dominion Securities.
	Former VP & Director of IT, Richardson Greenshields.

Anything else Benzinga should know about your company?
Within five years, every financial services organization in the world will offer their clients a FutureVault-type product − initially as a competitive advantage; later, so as not be left behind. And, within 15 years, it will be unheard of not to have all of one's personal, financial and legal documents deposited in a FutureVault-type product.
_________
For another fintech profile, click here to read about how Validis, a cloud-based fintech, extracts and standardizes financial data.
 
If you’re looking for cool fintech startups and access to top financial institutions, and are sick of attending stuffy corporate conferences, the Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is the event for you. From its first year in 2015, the competition grew to over 250 applicants and over 500 attendees in 2016.
Connect with us on social media — use the hashtag #BZAwards and #Fintech to spread the word!

	 
_____ Image Credit: screenshot from Futurevaultcom

Posted-In: FutureVault G. Scott PatersonFintech Success Stories Tech Personal Finance Interview General Best of Benzinga
© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
 



Related Articles


View Comments and Join the Discussion!
View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        











Trending
Recent








1
Bitcoin Cash Is Coming: What Investors Need To Know


2
How A Former Soybean Trader Invented A New Field Of Math To Predict Price Action


3
FB, TWTR: How Foursquare Quietly Became A Data-Science Powerhouse


4
SPY: Meet HOLLY, The Trade Ideas' AI Analyst That Beat The Market


5
P, NFLX: Marc Chaikin Launches The 'Pandora Of Fintech' Stock...


6
GOOGL, GOOG: Alexa For Wall Street: Meet The Tech Company Accele...


7
PYPL: PayPal Wins A New Bullish Analyst: Bernstein Up...

 





1
Top Companies In San Francisco Using Tech To Upgrade Personal Finance


2
TSLA, TTM: OurCrowd and Land Rover Think They've Found The Future Of Mobility


3
OSTK, SPY: Exclusive: Overstock CEO Thinks He Can Prevent The Next Financ...


4
AAPL, GOOG: What Are Wall Street's Top Analysts Saying Abou...


5
Pitch Your Idea To Kevin O'Leary


6
SNE, INTC: Cryptocurrency Mining Is The Next Gold Rush...


7
PYPL, BIDU: PayPal's Q2 Was Strong, But...

 








 





Tweets by @BZAwards





 














          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga




















Keystone Pipeline Will Create Thousands Of Jobs, But How Many Will Be Permanent?



What Price Increases At Chipotle Would Mean For The Bottom Line












