










 





Portfolio - Spring Capital


























Skip to content



Expansion & Acquisition Capital for Growing Companies
Partner Login









Portfolio





 



 


Access Northeast, Inc.
Access is a leading regional provider of customized Wide-Area Network, Co-location & Disaster Recovery Solutions through its three Data Centers in Massachusetts and one in New Jersey. Established in 1999, Access has over 1,000 business customers, 1,500 network connections & 25,000 daily end-users on their network.
Visit Website »





 


Aetna Information Technology, Inc.
AETEA Information Technology, Inc. is an information technology staffing firm serving leading financial and pharmaceutical companies as well as government agencies. Exited in 2006.
Visit Website »





 


Air Chef Holdings, LLC
Air Chef Holdings, LLC, is a provider of premium in-flight catering and concierge services to the private aviation industry.
Visit Website »





 


Altus GTS
Altus offers a full suite of accounts receivable management products and services to a diverse base of commercial clients, ranging from Fortune 500 corporations to small and medium sized enterprises in North America.
Visit Website »





 


Aquilent, Inc.
Aquilent is a provider of information technology consulting services and application development for government agencies, focusing on web-enabled applications such as e-procurement. Exited in 2004.
Visit Website »





 


BodyMedia, Inc.
Based in Pittsburgh PA, BodyMedia, Inc. is a pioneer in developing wearable body monitoring systems that are designed to help people lose weight, improve performance and live a healthier lifestyle.
Visit Website »





 


Brigham’s Inc.
Founded in 1914, Brigham’s manufactures and distributes premium ice cream sold primarily through supermarkets in the greater Boston area, and operates a chain of Brigham’s-branded restaurants.
Visit Website »





 


Colerain RV
Founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1968, Colerain RV is a family owned and operated RV dealership, providing sales of new and used RVs, related services, parts and accessories for RV owners and camping enthusiasts.
Visit Website »





 


Composite Technology, Inc.
CTI is the largest independent rotor blade repair company operating worldwide, with licensing agreements with all of the world’s major helicopter manufacturers. Acquired by United Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: UTX) in 2005.
Visit Website »





 


Cross Mediaworks, Inc.
CMW is a leading provider of media sales and advertising services to the $65 billion television advertising industry. Key segments of the business include representation of linear and unwired networks,long-form and short-form broadcast, satellite and cable inventory as well as video-on-demand and online properties.
Visit Website »





 


Cybera, Inc.
Based in Franklin, TN, Cybera is a leader in cloud-based security and application services for multi-location businesses.
Visit Website »





 


CyberPoint
Founded in 2009, CyberPoint is a Baltimore, Maryland-based provider of cyber security solutions to corporate and government clients. The Company provides a variety of services which include: digital forensics and incident response, malicious code analysis and reverse engineering, IT continuity planning, infrastructure optimization, secure hosting, product development, network risk assessment and threat monitoring, and security research.
Visit Website »





 


DataMentors, LLC
DataMentors, LLC is an outsourced provider of highly customizable, integrated database marketing solutions that enable its clients to increase revenue and return on investment of marketing spend.
Visit Website »





 


Dermatology Associates of Tyler
Dermatology Associates (www.dermatologytyler.com) is the leader in dermatology services in East Texas.  Dermatology & Skin Cancer Centers (www.kcdermcenter.com), is the market leader in the dermatology specialty in Kansas City and the surrounding areas. The combined organization and its 34 physicians provides dermatology services via 20 locations in Texas, Kansas and Missouri, handling over 150,000 patient visits annually.
Visit Website »





 


DigitalBridge Communications Corp.
Founded in late 2005, DigitalBridge provides broadband wireless to small and medium-sized communities of up to 150,000 people nationwide through the new WiMAX technology standard. In 2007, DigitalBridge launched the first commercial WiMAX system in the United States in Rexburg, Idaho and now operates in 15 communities around the United States.





 


Drew Foam Companies, Inc.
Founded in 1964, Drew manufactures a variety of specialty EPS foam products, specializing in higher margin short-run, fully-processed standard and customized forms used primarily in construction and packaging applications.
Visit Website »





 


Employee Relations Associates
Based in Rochester, NY and founded in 1985, Employee Relations Associates delivers flexible contract staffing, including temporary placements, temporary-to-hire, and executive and professional placements, across diverse technical and administrative disciplines.  The Company prides itself on providing high-touch, premium services to small, medium, and enterprise clients in the banking/finance, medical, IT, and legal industries on both a local and national basis.
Visit Website »





 


Enefco International, Inc.
Enefco operates four manufacturing businesses: 1) molded non-plastic counters for the heels of shoes and boots; 2) hydrophylic polyurethane cosmetic foam; 3) custom industrial dies; and 4) patented high performance cleaning cards for numerous electronic devices.
Visit Website »





 


eServices, LLC
Based in Richmond, Virginia, eServices LLC is a leading energy management company that provides a variety of natural gas management services to natural gas marketers, utilities, small and mid-sized commercial/industrial firms and producers in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic region of the US. The company’s key services involve the optimization of time and location differences in natural gas, natural gas storage, and natural gas transportation pricing.
Visit Website »





 


GI Plastek
Based in Wolfeboro, NH, GI Plastek is a premier manufacturer of highly-engineered plastic injection molded products. The Company is an industry leader in standard high-pressure, structural foam, gas-assist and gas counter pressure plastic injection molding methods.
Visit Website »





 


Green Cloud Technologies
Green Cloud Technologies is an Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) solutions provider based in Greenville, South Carolina.  The Company’s primary service offerings are cloud-based virtual server and disaster recovery solutions that enable small and medium-sized enterprises to lower their IT costs while also benefitting from sophisticated IT infrastructure solutions not typically available to small businesses.
Visit Website »





 


Haverfield Aviation
Haverfield Aviation Inc. is a provider of outsourced aerial transmission inspection, maintenance, repair, upgrade, replacement, and construction support services to the North American electric utility industry.
Visit Website »





 


HomeCentris Healthcare
Based in Pikesville, MD, HomeCentris’s Personal Home Care, LLC subsidiary is a Maryland Residential Service Agency providing home health aides to predominantly Russian-speaking clients. The Company is Maryland’s largest Medicaid home health provider. In addition, HomeCentris provides home health aides, skilled nursing, and physical, occupational , and speech therapies to Medicare customers through its HomeCentris Home Health, LLC subsidiary. HomeCentris also operates primary care and physical therapy clinics in independent and assisted living facilities through its HomeCentris Community Care, LLC subsidiary.





 


Ingo
Based in Roswell, GA, Ingo Money operates a risk-decisioning platform that approves and guarantees checks for banks, check cashers, and through the Good Funds Network, consumers.  The Company recently announced its pending acquisition of Fuze Networks, Inc. (“Fuze”), based in Salt Lake City, UT, which has technology that enables users to transfer digital funds to almost any card or account.  While Ingo Money’s existing platform enables customers to convert checks into digital funds, the ability to seamlessly transfer those funds to virtually any card or account is a significant value enhancement for consumers.
Visit Website »





 


InPhonic, Inc.
InPhonic is a leading provider of wireless voice and data communication solutions to enterprises, online businesses, national retailers and their end-users, offering an integrated platform for distributing and managing wireless communication devices and services. Exited in 2005.





 


Internet Fitness, LLC
Internet Fitness is the largest online seller of treadmills and is the exclusive marketer of a high-end line of fitness equipment. The Company’s brands include Smooth, EVO by Smooth, Pulse WiFi, and Momentum.





 


iPacesetters, LLC
Based in Montvale, NJ, iPacesetters serves clients in the publishing and cable industries by providing audience development, lead generation and marketing technology with performance-based call center services.
Visit Website »





 


Jawbone
Jawbone is a consumer technology company that develops human-centered wearable technology and audio devices including bluetooth headsets, wireless speakers and health-monitoring wristbands. Jawbone acquired Bodymedia in 2013.
Visit Website »





 


Keystone Ranger Holdings, Inc.
Keystone Ranger Holdings, Inc. (“Keystone”) is the parent company of Keystone Helicopter, one of the largest and oldest helicopter services companies in the United States, providing flight operations and such technical services as helicopter maintenance, repair and overhaul, and completions for helicopter manufacturers. Acquired by United Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: UTX) in 2005.
Visit Website »





 


Look, Inc.
Look, Inc. is a leading visual display systems company that designs, engineers and manufactures product display fixtures for retail stores. Look’s customers include many of the nation’s leading department stores, mass merchants, and specialty retailers.





 


Mathsoft Engineering & Education, Inc.
Mathsoft is a leading provider of interactive math, science and engineering software products and content. Acquired by PTC (NASDAQ: PMTC) in 2005.
Visit Website »





 


MCMC, LLC
MCMC is a provider of managed care services including independent peer review, independent medical exams, medical bill review and case management services which assist its clients in managing group health, disability and worker’s compensation claims.
Visit Website »





 


Metron Aviation, Inc.
Established in 1995, Metron is a pioneer and world leader in air traffic flow management, environmental analysis, surface operations management and advanced research services for the global aviation industry.
Visit Website »





 


Monster Media
Monster Vision, LLC dba Monster Media (www.monstermedia.net) is an international, full-service media company specializing in digital out-of-home (DOOH) advertising and develops innovative campaigns that captivate consumers and yield results. The Company is an industry leader in delivering dynamic and impactful interactive media across numerous platforms including: airports, malls, events, sports/entertainment venues, mobile tours, college campuses, hotels, bus shelters, newsstands, storefronts and mass transit. The company is headquartered in Orlando, FL with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Rome, Italy
Visit Website »





 


MP Pumps Acquisition Corp.
Located in Fraser, Michigan MP Pumps is a supplier of centrifugal pumps, in a variety of industrial, transportation, marine and agricultural applications.
Visit Website »





 


Numet Machining Techniques, Inc.
Based in Stratford, CT, Numet is a manufacturer of precision machined components for jet turbine engines for a wide variety of commercial and military aircraft.
Visit Website »





 


Ockham Development Group, Inc.
Based in Cary, NC, Ockham is a provider of a range of outsourced drug development services, including contract research, functional service solutions, and clinical research staffing. In January 2012, Ockham purchased Nexus Oncology, a contract research organization focused on the provision of clinical care to developers of oncology drugs.
Visit Website »





 


OJ Medtech
OJ Medtech provides products to patients who suffer from upper or lower extremity lymphatic or venous disorders.  Many of OJM’s patients confront complications of diabetes.  From its headquarters in Bayshore, NY, the company provides prescription compression garments and stockings, wound care dressings and lymphedema pumps to patients throughout New York State.
Visit Website »





 


Pacific Aviation Corporation
Pacific Aviation was founded in 1995 to provide passenger and flight operation services to commercial airlines. The Company’s core “above the wing” services include passenger check in, baggage service, ticketing, meet / assist and passenger boarding.  PAC also provides flight operations support, including weight and balance, flight dispatching and flight planning.
Visit Website »





 


Portadam, Inc.
Portadam provides a temporary, portable cofferdam, above ground impoundment, water diversion or fluid retention systems for use in construction and frack water retention.
Visit Website »





 


Power Tech
Founded in 1989, Power Tech manufactures customized mobile generator sets from its two facilities in Leesburg, FL.  Power Tech engineers and assembles generator components to meet individual customer needs for generators typically providing output between 10 and 50 kilowatts.  End markets for Power Tech’s products include mobile communications, service trucks, emergency vehicles, and military vehicles, among others.
Visit Website »





 


Preferred Systems Solutions, Inc.
PSS provides IT services, engineering, and program management support services both directly and indirectly to various agencies of the U.S. Federal Government.
Visit Website »





 


Quantem Aviation Services, Inc. / Integrated Deicing Services, LLC
Quantem offers a full range of services including U.S. mail handling, cargo ground handling and warehousing services to leading airlines, airports and logistics companies. IDS is one of the leading independent deicing services provider in the US. The combined companies operate at 21 North American airports.
Visit Website »
Visit Website »





 


Quantum Global Technologies, LLC
Based in Dublin, PA, QuantumClean is a leading provider of high-purity outsourced process tool parts cleaning and restoration services, tool part life extension and process tool part optimization solutions for semiconductor fabricators.
Visit Website »





 


RABA Technologies
RABA is a leader in providing top tier information technology services for government and commercial applications. Acquired by SRA International (NYSE: SRX) in 2006.





 


Rita’s Italian Ice
Founded in 1984 and headquartered in Trevose, Pennsylvania, Rita’s Franchise Company is the largest Italian Ice concept in the world with more than 600 stores in the U.S. and abroad.
Visit Website »





 


Rock-It Cargo
Rock-It Cargo is the premier global logistics company serving the live entertainment industry, providing a full range of services including freight forwarding, tour planning, customs brokerage, warehousing, insurance, and air charter. Rock-It also provides these services to corporations moving heavy equipment and trade shows around the world.
Visit Website »





 


Staging Concepts
Staging Concepts is a designer and manufacturer of staging solutions and stadium fixtures headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.  The Company’s Staging Division is a leader in portable staging equipment, providing custom modular staging solutions for facilities and venues.  The Company’s Railing Division designs and manufactures modular railing systems with a focus on large stadium and arena projects.
Visit Website »





 


Swiss Farm Stores, LLC
Swiss Farm Stores is a chain of convenience stores in Pennsylvania that sells high-quality consumable products including Swiss Premium milk and all-natural drinks, bread, butter, eggs, and snack items, with a unique drive-through design that enables shoppers to purchase items without leaving their cars.
Visit Website »





 


The Praxis Companies, LLC
The Praxis Companies, LLC, is a leading manufacturer of bathtub and shower units for the residential, assisted living, and commercial markets using the Aquarius, Hamilton, and Comfort Design brand-names.
Visit Website »
Visit Website »





 


The Virginia Food Group, Inc.
The Virginia Food Group, Inc. is the parent company of Old Dominion Peanut Corporation, a manufacturer and distributor of branded and private label peanut candy products founded in 1913.
Visit Website »





 


V12 Data
V12 Data combines rich data assets with robust technology to provide brands with a seamless and connected customer view. The Company’s solutions bridge the right data across channels to power right time omni-channel engagement when, where, and how a brands’ customers prefer. The Company’s data and technology platform links customer records with their proprietary blend of online, offline and digital marketing data for highly personalized, one-to-one consumer marketing, regardless of device or channel.
Visit Website »





 


Venture Technologies
Founded in 1986 and based in Ridgeland, Mississippi, Venture Technologies delivers the best in Premise Infrastructure Solutions, Collaboration Solutions and VTCloud® Services to private and public organizations throughout the United States and abroad.  Venture Technologies operates multiple high density data centers and is also a leading vendor for equipment manufacturers like Cisco, EMC, and Brocade.
Visit Website »





 


Vocollect
Vocollect is the global leader in wearable computers employing speech synthesis and speech recognition technology for warehousing and industrial applications. Exited in 2005.
Visit Website »





 


Wythe Will Tzetzo
Wythe Will Tzetzo is a leading packager and distributor of confectionery products and specialty foods. With facilities in Virginia, Tennessee, and upstate New York, the Company is a leading regional supplier of candy, confections and hard to find gourmet foods to a wide variety of grocers and retailers.
Visit Website »





 


Xand
Xand was founded in 1990 and is a facilities-based provider of data center infrastructure, collocation, private cloud and business continuity services. Xand specializes in complete, end-to-end solutions including application and server hosting, data storage, systems engineering, network operations, Internet connectivity, and business continuity workspace. The company is headquartered in Westchester County, NY. Xand acquired Access Northeast and DBSi in 2012.
Visit Website »









Close Window














FX Aviation Capital Fund I, LLC - Other Banking and Financial Services- Kimbrell  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









FX Aviation Capital Fund I, LLC

      Industry: Other Banking and Financial Services
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    525 Woodruff Road  
    Greenville, SC, 29706Phone: (864) 553-0606 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-14


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Josh Kimbrell 
 Director, Executive 


 Efrain Navarro 
 Executive 


 Frank G. Rogers 
 Executive 










 















CDPQ & GE Capital Aviation Services to join forces in creating USD 2-billion global aircraft financing platform









































News









GE Newsroom>
News>
CDPQ & GE Capital Aviation Services to join forces in creating USD 2-billion global aircraft financing platform







CDPQ & GE Capital Aviation Services to join forces in creating USD 2-billion global aircraft financing platform
June 19, 2017























CDPQ to provide strategic capital over four years to create an aircraft leasing and financing platform alongside world class operator GECASPlatform will provide GECAS with increased flexibility to support future growthInvestment marks new milestone in the strategic relationship between CDPQ and GE

Montréal, Canada and Shannon, Ireland, 19 June, 2017 – Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ), a leading institutional asset manager, and GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), a world leading aircraft leasing company, announced today that they have signed a commitment letter to create a USD 2-billion global aircraft financing platform. The transaction is subject to conditions including any required regulatory approvals.

This new platform, to be named Einn Volant Aircraft Leasing (EVAL), will be involved in the acquisition of modern fuel efficient aircraft from a diverse set of global airlines and in leasing them back to such airlines under long-term leases. GECAS will source the transactions and, under a sistership condition, will invest in aircraft ownership opportunities alongside the platform to further align its interests with those of EVAL. GECAS will also act as servicer for the platform. 

EVAL will provide GECAS with the flexibility to finance future growth and opportunities, while serving as an entry point for CDPQ into the aircraft leasing and financing industry. In addition, it represents a key step in the expansion of the strategic relationship between GE and CDPQ, which has been built over several years. 

“This platform will provide financing solutions to airlines to help support the growth of their fleet and answer essential industry needs. The high-quality aircraft will be chosen for their ability to withstand short-term cyclicality in a sector underpinned by strong long-term growth drivers,” said Michael Sabia, President and Chief Executive Officer of CDPQ. “Through this platform, CDPQ’s stable capital and GECAS’ extensive expertise and network will combine to identify the best opportunities globally. Working with world class operators such as GE is a fundamental part of our investment strategy, and this announcement is yet another example of this strategy in action.”

“This new platform will enable continued growth and development of our global customer relationships,” said Alec Burger, President & CEO of GECAS. "We are delighted CDPQ will be our strategic partner in this exciting venture, which is a natural expansion of the relationship between the highly regarded pension fund manager and GE.”

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Bank of America Merrill Lynch advised GECAS on the transaction. Clifford Chance, Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, Torys, A&L Goodbody, Conyers Dill & Pearman, Walkers and Lavery provided legal advice. E&Y provided tax advice.


GECAS Media contact: James Luton | +1 203 842 5887 |  james.luton@gecas.com




Tags

Business Unit: Capital, Aviation Financial Services










Media Resources

Press Releases
Articles
Company Information
Executive Bios









Media Contacts
Find a list of GE Media contacts here.
Media Contacts









Multimedia(3,810)







						 		Clarke Energy Chosen by APA to Supply GE’s Gas Engine Technology to Gruyere Gold Australian Mining Project						 	






						 		Invenergy and GE Renewable Energy Announce America’s Largest Wind Farm						 	






						 		Catherine Estrampes est nommée Présidente & CEO de GE Healthcare Europe						 	



View All










GE Social



Facebook



Instagram



Pininterest



Twitter



YouTube



Google +



Linked In







GE Social




Facebook



Instagram



Pininterest



Twitter



YouTube



Google +



Linked In








GE Social Media



 










































News Updates
Sign up to receive company updates and press releases by email.


Sign Up
Sign Up









Newsfeed
Subscribe to GE's News Feeds.


1. Select Service 
XMLMyYahooBloglines


2. Subscribe To 
AllAviationAppliancesCapitalCorporateDigitalEnergy ConnectionsGlobal ResearchHealthcareLightingOil & GasPowerRenewable EnergyTransportation

 Subscribe

 












Related Articles






















1














1













July 5, 2017

GE AND YPF SECURE FINANCING FOR TWO FASTPOWER PROJECTS IN ARGENTINA



June 29, 2017

GE Energy Financial Services Raises Largest* Solar Fund in Japan with Development Bank of Japan as Anchor Investor



June 21, 2017

GECAS Plans to Convert a Further 30 737-800s to Freighters 







































FX Growth Portfolio














































 





Market Summary

AAPL
 VOL:   27,677,600 @ 
		$149.75		


		$0.81


AMZN
 VOL:   3,855,600 @ 
		$1021.0000		


		$24.7336


GOOG
 VOL:  1,774,130 @
		$940.27		


		$6.19


HPQ
 VOL:   10,458,700 @ 
		$19.150		


		$0.055


MSFT
 VOL:   25,604,000 @ 
		$73.10		


		$0.05


YHOO
 VOL:  19,798,100 @
		$N/A		


		$0.00








Barita Investments Ltd.




HomeAboutCorporate ProfileMission StatementBoard of DirectorsManagement TeamFinancialsBarita Investments Limited Annual ReportsBarita Investments Limited Financial StatementsBarita Unit Trusts Financial StatementsCorporate GovernanceBarita Education FoundationCareers at BaritaDividend PolicyProducts & ServicesCambioFX TradingFixed IncomeFixed IncomePooled FundsCapital Growth FundCI FundsFX Bond Portfolio FX Growth PortfolioIncome Portfolio Money Market FundReal Estate PortfolioTuition Builder AccountFixed Rate PortfolioStocksStocks & ResearchFinancial PlanningBarita RoadmapBarita IRSPension Fund ManagementOther ProductsBarita Loan PlanBarita Bridal RegistryRatesMarket RatesCalculatorsUnit Trust CalculatorFixed Income CalculatorStock Order CalculatorFees & ChargesResearchFormsBarita InvestmentsBarita Unit TrustsInvestor EducationNewsCurrent NewsArchiveGalleryContact


 Home About-- Corporate Profile-- Mission Statement-- Board of Directors-- Management Team-- Financials---- Barita Investments Limited Annual Reports---- Barita Investments Limited Financial Statements---- Barita Unit Trusts Financial Statements-- Corporate Governance-- Barita Education Foundation-- Careers at Barita-- Dividend Policy Products & Services-- Cambio---- FX Trading-- Fixed Income---- Fixed Income-- Pooled Funds---- Capital Growth Fund---- CI Funds---- FX Bond Portfolio ---- FX Growth Portfolio---- Income Portfolio ---- Money Market Fund---- Real Estate Portfolio---- Tuition Builder Account---- Fixed Rate Portfolio-- Stocks---- Stocks & Research-- Financial Planning---- Barita Roadmap---- Barita IRS---- Pension Fund Management-- Other Products---- Barita Loan Plan---- Barita Bridal Registry Rates-- Market Rates-- Calculators---- Unit Trust Calculator---- Fixed Income Calculator---- Stock Order Calculator-- Fees & Charges Research Forms-- Barita Investments-- Barita Unit Trusts Investor Education News-- Current News-- Archive-- Gallery Contact

















FX Growth Portfolio
US$ Denominated 








Home » Products & Services » Pooled Funds » FX Growth Portfolio


 




Products & Services 


Cambio
FX TradingFixed Income
Fixed IncomePooled Funds
Capital Growth FundCI FundsFX Bond Portfolio FX Growth PortfolioIncome Portfolio Money Market FundReal Estate PortfolioTuition Builder AccountFixed Rate PortfolioStocks
Stocks & ResearchFinancial Planning
Barita RoadmapBarita IRSPension Fund ManagementOther Products
Barita Loan PlanBarita Bridal Registry


 


					 
	




		FX Growth Portfolio





FX Growth Fact Sheet
Part of the Multiple Portfolio Fund approved by the FSC (Offering Circular)
What is the Barita Unit Trusts FX Growth Portfolio?
The Barita Unit Trusts FX Growth Portfolio is similar to a mutual fund that enables small and large investors to pool their savings in a common fund which has the potential of earning higher rates. It allows investors to take advantage of investment opportunities in a wide variety of instruments that would not normally be available to them as individual investors.
The Portfolio is a US$ Dollar denominated equity portfolio with investments in Foreign Currency Ordinary and Preference Shares of countries within the Commonwealth, Caricom and the United States and may extend to other sovereign governments as prescribed by the Financial Services Commission and the Bank of Jamaica.
Why invest in the Barita Unit Trusts FX Growth Portfolio?

This Portfolio provides a hedge against devaluation with its investments in foreign currency instruments.
The portfolio is for investors who are investing for the long term (five to ten years) and are interested in providing a hedge against inflation.
The Portfolio is professionally managed to maximize the greatest returns to investors.
Investors benefit from pooling to earn competitive interest rates.
Monies are invested in a Fund that is governed and secured by a Trust Deed.

Are the Funds safe?
Barita Investments Limited, the parent company of Barita Unit Trusts Management Company Limited is listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange and is licensed by the Financial Services Commission. Assets in Barita’s Unit Trusts FX Growth Portfolio are held by an independent Trustee – First Caribbean International Securities Limited, as prescribed by the Trust Deed.
Under the Trust Deed, the investments and cash must be registered in the name of and held by the Trustee on behalf of the unit holders. This means that investors monies are 100% segregated from Barita as well as First Caribbean International Securities Limited.
How does it work?

You purchase units in the Barita Unit Trusts FX Growth Portfolio, and a minimum purchase of 100 units is required to open an account.
Investments may be made through:

An agreed salary deduction from your employer.
Cheques (personal or payable to Barita Unit Trusts Management Co. Ltd.).
Our ‘Debit Invest’ facility, where you may use your debit card to process JA$ transactions up to a maximum of JA $150,000 daily.
Cash up to a maximum of US $500 or JA$100,000.
Please note that these terms are subject to change without notice.


You may encash at anytime with 5 days notice. There are however provisions for emergencies. (Please note, penalties apply if encashed within 90 days of purchase).
Semiannual statements are provided to all account holders, and on demand.

Learn more about our new FX Growth Portfolio

Barita Unit Trust Rates
 Barita Unit Trusts









 





Fund


Fund Composition


Buying


Selling


12 Month Growth Rate


YTD Growth Rate


Yield (Est. Yrly Income)

 



						No records					




			Capital Growth		

			E/F		

			48.81		

			48.81		

			36.11%		

			16.38%		

			0.12%		


			Money Market		

			F		

			13.2631		

			13.2631		

			0.54%		

			0.24%		

			3.74%		


			Income Portfolio		

			F		

			100.00		

			100.00		

			-		

			-		

			4.659%		


			FX Bond Portfolio (US$)		

			F		

			1.22020		

			1.22020		

			6.941%		

			1.777%		

			2.766%		


			Real Estate Portfolio		

			R/F		

			5561.76		

			5561.76		

			2.930%		

			-0.597%		

			-		


			FX Growth Portfolio (US$)		

			E/F		

			0.92959		

			0.92959		

			-6.859%		

			-0.055%		

			-		


			JAD Fixed Rate Portfolio		

			F		

			100.00		

			100.00		

			-		

			-		

			3.128%		


			USD Fixed Rate Portfolio		

			F		

			1.0000		

			1.0000		

			-		

			-		

			2.478%		
 
















 



Buying & Selling Prices as at Friday 28th of July, 2017.

 





Products and Services 


CambioStocksFinancial PlanningPooled FundsOther Products




About Barita 


Barita Investments FormsBarita Unit Trusts FormsInvesting With Barita




Barita Tools 


Unit Trust CalculatorFixed Income CalculatorStock Order Calculator




Contact Barita 


Contact UsBarita on FacebookCareers












© 2013 Barita Investments Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























What are the best mutual funds for investing in the aerospace sector? | Investopedia

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters






















What are the best mutual funds for investing in the aerospace sector?


    By Investopedia | June 8, 2015 — 9:11 AM EDT    






Share









































A:
The only current mutual fund that is directly targeted to the aerospace and defense sector is the Fidelity Select Defense and Aerospace Fund. However, investors can alternatively gain exposure to the aerospace industry by investing in other mutual funds that, while not specifically focused on the industry, nonetheless have significant holdings in aerospace stocks. Investors can also consider direct investments in individual stocks within the sector or exchange-traded funds (ETFs) with an aerospace focus.
The Fidelity Select Defense and Aerospace Fund
The Fidelity Select Defense and Aerospace Fund is a mid-cap value fund that aims for maximum capital appreciation. Since its inception in 1984, the fund has done very well, with average annual returns in excess of 9%. Typically, at least 80% of the fund's investments are in common stocks of companies with principal business in research, manufacturing or marketing of products and services in the aerospace and defense industries. Most of the fund's investments are in technology or industrial stocks. Primary holdings of the fund include the Boeing Company, TransDigm Group Inc., Orbital ATK Inc. and B/E Aerospace Inc.
The expense ratio for FSDAX is 0.8%. There is a redemption fee of 0.75%. The fund offers a dividend yield of 0.79%. The estimated risk level of the fund is slightly above average.
As an alternative to investing in the Fidelity fund, investors can search for other funds that have significant holdings in aerospace stocks, or consider investing directly in some of the same stocks that make up the portfolio of FSDAX.
Boeing
The Boeing Company is considered a major aerospace firm in the United States. In addition to producing both commercial and military aircraft, Boeing also manufactures rockets, rocket launch systems and satellites through its Boeing Defense, Space & Security division. The company manufactures parts and component systems that are utilized in space shuttles and space stations.
TransDigm Group
The TransDigm Group Inc. is engaged in manufacturing actuators, control components, and gear and ignition systems for the aerospace industry. Important acquisitions for the company include Marathon Power Systems, Adams Rite Aerospace, Champion Aviation Products and Avionic Instruments.
Orbital ATK
Orbital ATK, Inc. was formed through a merger of Orbital Sciences Corporation and the defense and aerospace division of Alliant Techsystems. The company designs and manufactures satellites, launch vehicles and propulsion systems, aerospace component systems and aerospace structures. Orbital manufactures the Cygnus spacecraft that is used to deliver cargo to space stations.
B/E Aerospace
In addition to producing aircraft interior components for commercial aviation, B/E Aerospace, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of aerospace fasteners and consumables. Its consumables management systems provide inventory management, data interchange services, bar-coding, quality assurance testing and differential supply chain management programs.
Exchange-Traded Funds
Another alternative to mutual fund investments for investors interested in accessing the aerospace sector is ETFs that track the sector. Some of the available aerospace-focused ETFs include the SPDR S&P Aerospace and Defense ETF and the Powershares Aerospace and Defense Portfolio ETF, which tracks the benchmark SPADE Defense Index.





  





RELATED FAQS



What are common risks associated with investing in the aerospace sector?

Learn more about the aerospace industry and some of the many risks aerospace and defense companies face. Find out more about ...  Read Answer >>



What other sectors are most highly correlated with the aerospace sector?

Learn about the aerospace industry and two closely related industries that share many of the same characteristics. Discover ...  Read Answer >>



What is the aerospace sector?

Learn about the aerospace sector in the United States, one of the nation's largest and most powerful industries, considered ...  Read Answer >>



How can I invest in the corporate bond market without a lot of money to invest?

Discover the factors that drive share prices in the aerospace sector. This sector is defensive due to companies' balance ...  Read Answer >>



What metrics are most appropriate to evaluate companies in the aerospace sector?

See which fundamental metrics, such as advanced product bookings, are most important to evaluate before investing in the ...  Read Answer >>



What economic indicators should an investor in the aerospace sector consider?

Discover the economic indicators that investors in the aerospace sector should consider. Two major parts of the sector are ...  Read Answer >>




Related Articles





Investing

                                                    Top 3 Defense ETFs (PPA, XAR)                                            

 Defense ETFs are likely to due well regardless of who wins the presidential election. 





Investing

                                                    Is the Future Bright in Aerospace? (BA, UTX, RTN)                                            

 Global aerospace products and services market revenues have declined recently, but a rebound may be ahead. 





Investing

                                                    L-3 Secures $9.3M Gov't Agreement (LLL)                                            

 The L-3 Communications (LLL) Coleman Aerospace division has landed a $9.4 million government contract for work on ballistic missile targets. 





Insights

                                                    Top 7 Aerospace Companies in the World (BA, UTX)                                            

 Find out which aerospace companies rank as the largest in the world based on annual revenue in 2015 from defense and non-defense business. 





Investing

                                                    3 Popular Industrials ETFs in 2016 (XLI, VIS)                                            

 Compare the performances of the most popular industrials sector ETFs with their expense ratios, and consider the cost efficiency of higher management expenses. 





Insights

                                                    Who Are Northrop Grumman's Main Competitors? (NOC)                                            

 Learn about the financial and operating profiles of the three main competitors to Northrop Grumman in the aerospace and defense sector. 





Investing

                                                    Aerospace ETF is Flying High After Trump Upset                                            

 Aerospace and defense ETFs are embracing the new White House. 





Investing

                                                    An ETF for Defense Spending Trends                                            

 Investors looking to profit from increased defense spending can tap ETFs such as this one. 





Investing

                                                    Best Dividend Paying Funds in Industrials sector                                            

 Find out which mutual funds are the best dividend-paying funds in the industrials sector, and why dividend yields are hard to come by in industrials funds. 





Investing

                                                    Adient Eyes Aerospace Market, Teams up with Boeing                                            

 The automotive seating supplier is keen to bring its expertise to aerospace markets, where demand is also reportedly beginning to soften.  






RELATED TERMS



                                                    Capital Goods Sector                                            

 A category of stocks related to the manufacture or distribution ...  



                                                    Industrial Goods Sector                                            

 A category of stocks that relate to producing goods used in construction ...  



                                                    Defensive Stock                                            

 A stock that provides a constant dividend and stable earnings ...  



                                                    Investment Fund                                            

 A supply of capital belonging to numerous investors that is used ...  



                                                    Mutual Fund                                            

 An investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected ...  



                                                    Nicholas D. Chabraja                                            

 A former CEO and chairman of defense contractor General Dynamics. ...  










































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy





























Apollo Aviation Group Raised $595M for Fund II - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Apollo Aviation Group Raised $595M for Fund II


February 6, 2013
By Staff Report
 Follow @buyouts


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
 Apollo Aviation Group Raised $595M for Fund II
Apollo Aviation Group has raised approximately $595 million for its second aviation fund, Sciens Aviation Special Opportunities Investment Fund II. SASOF II is managed by Apollo Aviation and Sciens Capital Management. The fund will acquire mid-life commercial aircraft for lease, or disassembly and resale.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Apollo Aviation Group has raised approximately $595 million for its second aviation fund, Sciens Aviation Special Opportunities Investment Fund II. SASOF II is managed by Apollo Aviation and Sciens Capital Management. The fund will acquire mid-life commercial aircraft for lease, or disassembly and resale.

PRESS RELEASE
Apollo Aviation Group (Apollo Aviation) and Sciens Capital Management LLC jointly announced today that Apollo Aviation raised approximately $595 million from a broad array of investors for its second aviation fund, Sciens Aviation Special Opportunities Investment Fund II (SASOF II). SASOF II is managed by Apollo Aviation, a full service commercial aircraft asset manager jointly owned by its founders and principals, William Hoffman and Robert Korn, and by an affiliate of Sciens Capital Management LLC.  SASOF II is a follow-on fund to the $213 million Sciens Aviation Special Opportunities Investment Fund (SASOF), which was raised in 2010.
“SASOF II will seek to acquire mid-life commercial aircraft for lease and/or immediate disassembly and resale of the systems, components and parts” said Mr. Hoffman, Apollo Aviation’s Chairman.  As of today, SASOF II has acquired 12 commercial aircraft and three engines including Boeing 737 NG, Airbus A320 CEO and A340 aircraft models. Nine of these aircraft are on lease and Apollo Aviation currently plans for the remainder to be either sold or disassembled with the parts then being sold. 





Sciens Chief Executive Officer John Rigas said “We are delighted with the accomplishments and growth of Apollo Aviation. They have now become the global leader in managing mid-life and end of life commercial aircraft and we look forward to our continuing cooperation in the future.”
About Apollo Aviation
Apollo Aviation is an aviation asset manager with offices in the U.S., Ireland and Singapore. Apollo Aviation’s activities include acquiring, refurbishing, marketing and leasing commercial jet aircraft, engines and related assets as well as “parting out” commercial aircraft. Founded in 2002, Apollo Aviation has grown from a small advisory boutique to a leading full-service aviation asset manager.  Apollo Aviation has over $1.4 billion of aviation assets under management (including commitments to SASOF II) representing over 110 aircraft and 70 aircraft engines.
About Sciens Capital Management
Sciens Capital Management is a global alternative asset manager based in New York.  Founded in 1988, it has been successfully managing alternative assets since 1994. Sciens and its affiliates manage or advise on approximately $5.1 billion for institutional and high net worth investors through its private equity, real assets, funds of hedge funds and managed account platform businesses.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
 Apollo Aviation Group Raised $595M for Fund II
Apollo Aviation Group has raised approximately $595 million for its second aviation fund, Sciens Aviation Special Opportunities Investment Fund II. SASOF II is managed by Apollo Aviation and Sciens Capital Management. The fund will acquire mid-life commercial aircraft for lease, or disassembly and resale.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 







































Aviation Capital Group


























  

Expert navigation.
Discover how our expertise powers your future.
Learn more

The right connections.
See how our robust relationships enable unique solutions.
Learn more

A strong foundation.
Explore how our assets and financial strength support your growth.
Learn more













FLEET STRATEGY SOLUTIONS

ACG’s aircraft, operating leasing and advisory services combine to deliver customized solutions to airlines.  Learn more







ASSET MANAGEMENT

ACG provides financial investors with well-managed access to aircraft as an investment class.  Learn more







The ACG Difference
For over 28 years, Aviation Capital Group (ACG) has established itself as a trusted industry leader in aircraft leasing. Building on this proven track record, ACG continues to forge new paths by providing dynamic solutions to airlines and investors worldwide.  Learn more


NEWS





June 20, 2017
 Aviation Capital Group Signs Launch Order for 20 Boeing 737 MAX 10 Aircraft






May 15, 2017
 Aviation Capital Group Announces Lease Agreement with Interjet for 10 New Airbus A320 Family Aircraft






May 04, 2017
 Aviation Capital Group Announces Lease Agreement with EL AL Israel Airlines for Two New Boeing 787-9s and Two New Boeing 787-8s






April 26, 2017
 Aviation Capital Group Announces Amendment and Extension of $1.50 Billion Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility






March 31, 2017
 Aviation Capital Group Announces Conversion to LLC Corporate Structure




































