    Gwen Fyfe | Oncology clinical development and strategy consultant | ZoomInfo.com

Igenica Biotherapeutics

























Media Center













Press Releases 
Igenica in the News
Publications



Media Contact Information:
Katie Engleman
	Pure Communications, Inc.
Katie@purecommunicationsinc.com
 

<< Back to Articles
Igenica Appoints Oncology Expert and Industry Veteran Gwen A. Fyfe, M.D. to Board of Directors
BURLINGAME, Calif. – December 17, 2013 – Igenica, Inc., a company focused on the discovery and development of innovative antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for the treatment of cancer, today announced the appointment of oncology expert and former Genentech executive Gwen A. Fyfe, M.D., as an independent member of the company’s Board of Directors.
“Gwen’s proven expertise overseeing the successful development of major oncology drugs is invaluable to Igenica as we advance our pipeline, and most imminently as we prepare to enter the clinic with our lead program, IGN523, in early 2014,” said Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Igenica. “Gwen’s appointment comes at a pivotal time in Igenica’s evolution as we begin development of our first product candidate and expand our proprietary platform to accelerate the development and delivery of effective homogeneous ADC therapies that have enormous potential to address critical needs of cancer patients.”
Dr. Fyfe brings more than 20 years of drug development experience, including key roles in the development and approvals of Rituxan®, Herceptin®, Avastin® and Tarceva®. At Genentech, Inc. (now a member of the Roche Group), she served as vice president, oncology development and vice president, Avastin Franchise Team. She was a member of both the Development Oversight Committee and the Research Review Committee, responsible for approving product advancement from research into clinical development. Dr. Fyfe is a globally recognized oncology expert and frequently invited member of National Cancer Institute working groups and grant committees, American Society of Clinical Oncologists oversight committees, and Institute of Medicine panels. She currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Array BioPharma, Inc. and Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Fyfe is a graduate of Washington University School of Medicine and a board-certified pediatric oncologist.
“I am very pleased to join Igenica’s Board of Directors and have been impressed with both Igenica’s platform technology and the high quality and experience of its executive team,” said Dr. Fyfe. “The combination of an integrated suite of pipeline-enabling capabilities and a proven team of therapeutic antibody leaders positions Igenica well to drive rapid development of high impact medicines. I look forward to collaborating with the Igenica team to realize the mission of delivering effective biotherapeutics, including ADCs, to patients with cancer.”
About Igenica, Inc.
Igenica, Inc. is focused on the discovery and development of antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for the treatment of cancer. Igenica is the only biotherapeutic company that fully powers the ADC development spectrum from a patient-based approach to target and functional antibody discovery to the generation and manufacturing of homogeneous ADCs. Igenica’s integrated discovery engine has generated a robust pipeline of site-specific ADC candidates and functional antibodies to address critical needs of cancer patients. Led by a proven team of leaders with expertise in the development of therapeutic antibodies and ADCs, Igenica is funded by a premier group of life science investors including The Column Group, OrbiMed Advisors, 5AM Ventures and Third Rock Ventures. For more information, please visit www.igenica.com.
Contact
Katie Wilson
	Pure Communications Inc.
	910-509-3977
	katie@purecommunicationsinc.com




 





   863A Mitten Road, Suite 100B Burlingame, CA 94010 | © Copyright 2017 Igenica Biotherapeutics | Terms of use | Site Map | Contact  












Gwen Fyfe and Norman Selby join Infinity Pharmaceuticals - PMLiVE













































































 
 




















 
 










 













PMGroup
PMECommuniquéThe DirectoryQuality in Care
How to AdvertisePrivacy and cookies
My AccountRegister
 


Please login to the form below






					 
                Not currently logged in

Email: 

Password: 




I have forgotten my password
 













PME
Communiqué
The Directory
Digital Disruption: Changing the game in healthcare

 








Advanced search
 


Home
News
Intelligence
Thought leadership
Appointments
Awards
Blogs
Clinical
Top Pharma List
PMHub
Jobs
 


News
Research
Sales
Marketing
Regulatory
Healthcare
Jobs and recruitment
 


Trending

Communiqué Results 2017Mixed news for pharmaSpark closes on gene therapy approvalFDA rejects romosozumabBiosimilars eat into J&J's Remicade sales
 




Gwen Fyfe and Norman Selby join Infinity Pharmaceuticals
Will take places of James Tananbaum and Arnold Levine who retire from board of directors 

US-based drug discovery and development firm Infinity Pharmaceuticals has appointed Gwen Fyfe and Norman Selby to its board of directors.Fyfe has over 20 years experience in drug development, including 12 years at Genentech, now part of Roche.At Genentech she held several senior positions, including VP of its oncology development and VP of the Avastin franchise team. As well as Avastin, Fyfe worked on the development teams of several other major Roche drugs, including Rituxan, Herceptin and Tarceva. Since she left Genentech in 2009, Fyfe has acted as a consultant for several venture capital firms and biotech companies.Selby is currently senior adviser at private equity firm Perseus, as well as executive chair of healthcare information company Real Endpoints.Prior to joining Perseus in 2005, Selby was president and CEO of TransForm Pharmaceuticals, a speciality pharma company focused on innovation in the form and formulation of drug compounds, which was later acquired by Johnson & Johnson.His other previous roles include executive VP at Citigroup/Citicorp from 1997 to 2000 and several senior positions at McKinsey & Company, where he was a senior partner, including head of the firm's global pharmaceuticals and medical products practice.Leaving Infinity's board of directors will be James Tananbaum and Arnold Levine, who are both retiring in May. They had been members of Infinity's board of directors since the founding of its predecessor company in 2001. 








 












Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.






14th March 2012




Share







 





 Print Friendly 












Related Hub content



                Edelman


                CACTUS


                Search Unlimited


                Virgo Health


                OUTiCO





PME Digital Edition
 










Featured jobs




















Account Manager, Healthcare Communications

£32, 000 - £40, 000 bonus benefits




*Middleweight Copywriter*


Competitive Salary




Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications Agency

£40, 000 - £45, 000 benefits




Director of Rare Diseases, Healthcare Agency, London

Excellent Package




Scientific Director


£70, 000 - £85, 000




SAD – Ethical Healthcare PR – Top Global Agency!

Salary TBC




*ACCOUNT MANAGER*


Competitive Salary Offered




Business Director - (Healthcare Advertising)

Neg




Director of Client Services - Healthcare Advertising

Neg




Senior Medical Writer, Healthcare Advertising, Home Counties

Competitive




Head of Healthcare – Healthcare PR and Communications

Neg




Senior Account Manager, highly regarded Medical Communications a...

Excellent Package




Senior Account Manager/ Account Director – Pharma and Life Scien...

Competitive Salary




Business Unit Director – Strategic Medical Communications (MedCo...

Neg




Account Executive - Pharma and Life Sciences Brighton or Maccles...

Competitive Salary




Group Account Director or Client Services Director – Healthcare ...

£80, 000 – £110, 000 benefits




*PROJECT MANAGER/ ACCOUNT MANAGER*


Competitive Salary Offered




Health Economist, Office/ Home based role, Award winning company...

up to £100K




Principal Medical Writer


Great salary and benefits




Principal Consultant, Office/ Home based role, Award winning com...

up to £100K




Director - Client Services - Healthcare Advertising

Neg




Senior Vice President – Healthcare PR - USA

Neg




Group Account Director, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Comms, Lon...

Substantiel Package




Principal Medical Writer – Medical Communications

Salary TBC




Account Manager – Healthcare PR – Strategic Comms Consultancy...

Salary TBC








Senior Account Manager/ Account Manager, Medical/ Scientific Communications, PA
Excellent Package

Pharmaceutical Brand Director


Public Affairs Project Executive
Up to £25k DOE

Senior Director, Healthcare PR, Home Counties
Competitive




  
Subscribe to our email news alerts




Most read
Most shared
Latest content



CHMP backs three immuno-oncology drugs for solid tumoursCommuniqué Awards 2017: Results - Communiqué AwardsShock for AZ as MYSTIC trial stumbles at first hurdleOcrevus off to a flying start as Roche raises 2017 forecastsUK appoints pharma veteran to 'streamline' NHS costsNICE backs Cancer Drugs Fund support for Roche's Gazyvaro



GSK’s pipeline cull claims sirukumab, and possibly rare disease unitKey role for French cluster in regenerative medicine projectAudit exposes gaps in pharma's promises on trial transparencyHCA appoints Mike Dixon as its new CEOEngaging the digital healthcare professionalRandom42 win Gold at US International Film Fest for Medical VR











  
PMHubAdd my company


Any category...
Advertising
Branding
Clinical research
Conferences meetings events
Creative and design
Digital communications
Homecare
Industry associations
IT solutions
Management consultancies
Manufacturing packaging logistics
Market access
Market research
Marketing consultancies
Media planning and buying
Medical communications
Medical education
Patient support and adherence
Pharmacy
Print services
Policy and government affairs
Public relations
Publishers
Recruitment and career development
Regulatory affairs
Research and development
Sales
Training
Translation services






Atlantis Healthcare

Atlantis Healthcare is a global leader in optimising patient self-management. Established in 1996, we design, develop and implement scalable solutions...  Latest intelligence


Engaging the digital healthcare professional
How to plan relevant customer strategies in the digital age...

Launching the next big thing in vascular intervention
A case study by Create Health...

Are patients ready for digital doctors?
How can technology truly benefit health delivery?...

Quick links

Country reports
Digital Handbook

The Gallery
Healthcare glossary
How to advertise


HTA guidance tracker
Orphan drugs and rare diseases
PME supplements
Social media hub
Webinars


Infographics




Multimedia<>


Webinar: Customer engagement designCommuniqué Awards 2015: Winners in picturesCommuniqué Awards 2015: GalleryPMEA 2015: Winners in picturesPMEA 2015: Pictures



 









About usContact usHow to advertiseSite mapAll content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017






















Genentech: Press Releases | Genentech Announces Senior Appointments in Medical Affairs and Research









































Search





Contact Us





About Us












For Scientists


For Medical Professionals


For Patients


For Media


For Good


Now Hiring







Media /
                Press Releases












Attention: This page may not render properly. The browser you are using, Internet Explorer 10, is no longer supported.











Media Inquiries
(650) 467-6800








                        Print
                    








Media /
                Press Releases


Monday, Oct 7, 2002
Genentech Announces Senior Appointments in Medical Affairs and Research
 South San Francisco, Calif. -- October 7, 2002 --                     Genentech, Inc. (NYSE: DNA) announced today two senior appointments in the company's Medical Affairs and Research organizations: Gwen Fyfe, M.D., is promoted to vice president, Clinical Hematology/Oncology, and Kenneth Hillan, MB ChB, FRCS, MRCPath, is promoted to vice president, Research Operations and Pathology.
Gwen Fyfe, vice president, Clinical Hematology/Oncology
Fyfe, 50, joined Genentech in 1997 as director of Oncology in Medical Affairs, and was named senior director in 1999. While at Genentech, Fyfe’s responsibilities have included managing the clinical trials that led to the approvals of Herceptin®, a humanized antibody approved for the treatment of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer, and Rituxan®, the first therapeutic antibody for non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma approved in the United States. In her position as vice president, Clinical Hematology/Oncology, Fyfe is responsible for overseeing Genentech’s clinical trials in these two important areas of Genentech’s business.
"Gwen has been extremely effective in driving the clinical development of Genentech’s oncology pipeline," said Hal Barron, vice president of Medical Affairs. "Her broad experience and strong leadership will further strengthen Genentech’s clinical programs in hematology and oncology."
Fyfe holds bachelor and medical degrees from the Washington University Medical School in St. Louis. She performed residency training in pediatrics at the University of California, San Francisco and postdoctoral fellowship training in immunology at Washington University Medical School in St. Louis. During her career, Fyfe has published more than 20 articles in peer-reviewed journals.
Kenneth Hillan, vice president, Research Operations and Pathology
Hillan, 41, came to Genentech in 1994 to study the role of hepatocyte growth factor in liver regeneration. He joined the Pathology department as a scientist in 1996 and was promoted to director of Pathology in 1998. He was named senior director of Research Operations in 2001. In his role as vice president, Research Operations and Pathology, Hillan is responsible for operational management of Genentech’s Research organization, ensuring consistent implementation of strategic objectives and improvements in Research productivity. He also manages the Pathology department and its ongoing work in oncology, immunology, vascular biology and other therapeutic areas.
"This promotion recognizes Kenneth’s scientific expertise as well as his valuable contributions to shaping the strategic direction for Genentech’s Research organization," said Richard Scheller, Ph.D., senior vice president, Research.
Hillan graduated in medicine from Glasgow University in Scotland in 1983. He was named a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons (FRCS) in 1989 and was named a Member of the Royal College of Pathologists (MRCPath) in 1993. He also is an Honorary Professor of Molecular and Therapeutic Pathology at the University of Leeds. Hillan is on the editorial advisory board of the Journal of Pathology and is an ad hoc reviewer for the Journal of Clinical Pathology and the American Journal of Pathology and Liver. He has published more than 40 articles in peer-reviewed journals.
About Genentech
Genentech is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes biotherapeutics for significant unmet medical needs. Fifteen of the currently approved biotechnology products originated from or are based on Genentech science. Genentech manufactures and commercializes ten biotechnology products directly in the United States. The company has headquarters in South San Francisco, California and is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DNA.
# # #







Our Pipeline

Our pipeline includes new molecular entities that address serious unmet medical needs.




Approvals Timeline

A look at our approvals past and present.















 Feedback?
                    

Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.


“

                    Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
                
”
– Carl Sagan











Connect with us















































Gwen A. Fyfe M.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.
Board Member at Array BioPharma Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gwen A. Fyfe M.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Array BioPharma Inc.


Past
To view Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.D., 
															Washington University in St. Louis School of Medicine


Age
65

 
 


Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s Biography



GWEN A. FYFE, M.D., has been a member of our board of directors since January 2016. From 1997 to 2009, Dr. Fyfe held various positions with Genentech Inc. (now a member of the Roche Group), including Vice President, Oncology Development; Vice President, Avastin Franchise Team, as well as the honorary title of Senior Staff Scientist. Dr. Fyfe played an important role in the development of Genentech's approved oncology agents including Rituxan®, Herceptin®, Avastin® and Tarceva®. Dr. Fyfe sat on the development oversight committee for all of Genentech's products and participated in the Research Review Committee that moved products from research ...
(Read More)

			GWEN A. FYFE, M.D., has been a member of our board of directors since January 2016. From 1997 to 2009, Dr. Fyfe held various positions with Genentech Inc. (now a member of the Roche Group), including Vice President, Oncology Development; Vice President, Avastin Franchise Team, as well as the honorary title of Senior Staff Scientist. Dr. Fyfe played an important role in the development of Genentech's approved oncology agents including Rituxan®, Herceptin®, Avastin® and Tarceva®. Dr. Fyfe sat on the development oversight committee for all of Genentech's products and participated in the Research Review Committee that moved products from research into clinical development. Since leaving Genentech in 2009, Dr. Fyfe has been a consultant for venture capital firms and for a variety of biotechnology companies. Dr. Fyfe currently serves as a director of Array Biopharma, Inc. and previously served as a director of Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Fyfe has been an invited member of Institute of Medicine panels, National Cancer Institute working groups and grant committees and American Society of Clinical Oncologists oversight committees. Our corporate governance and nominating committee believes that Dr. Fyfe's qualifications for membership on the board of directors include over 20 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. This experience allows Dr. Fyfe to provide our board of directors with extensive industry experience in clinical development for novel oncology therapeutics. Dr. Fyfe received her A.B. and M.D. from Washington University School of Medicine and a board certified pediatric oncologist.
		
Source: Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc. on 09/12/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gwen A. Fyfe M.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.


















Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s Connections (104)





Sign up now to view Gwen A. Fyfe M.D.'s 104 connections »









Ian F. Smith
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









J. Scott Garland
Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President, Relypsa, Inc.









Marc Tessier-Lavigne
Scientific Advisor, Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Liam Ratcliffe
Former Board Member, Edge Therapeutics, Inc.









Ron Squarer
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Array BioPharma Inc.









Kyle A. Lefkoff
Chairman, Array BioPharma Inc.









Patrick Y. Yang
Board Member, Tesoro Corporation









R. M. Carruthers
Chief Financial Officer and Interim President, Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc.









Adelene Q. Perkins
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









David L. Snitman
Former Consultant, Array BioPharma Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









