


G360 STM. Innovative Trade Management Technology that Enables Businesses to Compete, Globally.












 


























Who We Are

G360 STM is the industry leading provider of Visibility, Intelligence & Collaboration for retailers and brand owners supporting sourcing and global trade management, from pre-production through delivery.
Learn More >>


Supplier Relationship Management

G360 STM Supplier Relationship offering is a Trading Partner Management Solution enabling global visibility and collaboration across your trading partner network by providing real-time workflow, dashboard, and scorecarding to manage trading partner performance.
Learn More >>






























G360 STM | Vendor Portal | Resources | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
© 2016 G360Link, Inc.
















 




Intelligence, Inc.Ž | Smart Solutions for Event Professionals






























HOME
SOLUTIONS
HISTORY
LEADERSHIP
CONTACT
SUPPORT











Smart Solutions for Event Professionals

    Intelligence, Inc.'s message to event companies is simple: Work smarter, not harder. For more than a decade and without compromise, we've been building an impressive portfolio of cloud-based software solutions that empower event professionals to streamline operations, enhance productivity, and grow their business.
    Today Intelligence, Inc. works with thousands of event companies in over two dozen countries worldwide, providing online tools to accelerate new bookings and payments, organize event planning information, manage clients and events, and generate more inquiries. Everything an event professional needs, all from a single provider.
    Elegantly simple; that's the hallmark of every solution developed by Intelligence, Inc. With a belief that software doesn't need to be overly complex, we strive to build solutions that highlight only the most essential features, without all the clutter. Every solution developed by Intelligence, Inc. boasts a short learning curve, the ability to be up and running minutes after activation, functionality that can scale to any size business, and a pricing model that's affordable for single or multi operators.
    Intelligence, Inc. software starts with a vision and is carefully crafted into reality, undergoing thousands of hours of research, planning, development, and testing. Each solution is a unique reflection of our exquisite attention to detail and dedication to the very best.
    



Explore Our Solutions































The Story Behind the Software

        Intelligence, Inc. was founded in 2002 by two former entertainment executives, Scott Kartsounes and Darren Hughes. After having owned and operated one of Chicago's largest and most respected entertainment companies since 1990, Scott and Darren founded Intelligence, Inc. under a simple premise: There has to be a better way.
        Information packets that cost thousands of dollars in printing and postage, contracts that took days to get signed, checks that got lost in the mail, planning forms that were filled out with illegible handwriting, request lists that contained ten times more songs than could be played at a three hour event, a booking calendar that was impossible to keep in sync between multiple staff members, and an endless stream of marketing dollars spent on yellow pages, wedding magazines, bridal shows, and other advertising that was difficult to track. It translated into an overworked staff and an eroding bottom line.
With degrees in engineering and backgrounds in technology, Scott and Darren set out in 1998 to begin building a system that would solve these problems. The uprise of the internet in the late 90's created the perfect platform for the first version of these tools, which allowed clients to log onto their entertainment company's website to book and plan their event. Though the term "cloud computing" would not be coined until many years later, the results were immediately indisputable. Clients loved the online booking/planning platform, and the company enjoyed greater efficiencies and lower costs.
        After three years of being inundated with emails from other companies asking whether they could purchase it for their own site, Scott and Darren decided to rebuild the software from the ground up into a fully customizable solution that could be used by any event professional. In early 2002, Intelligence, Inc.'s first solution was launched to rave reviews. A year and a half later it had grown so large that the entertainment business was sold to dedicate more time to Intelligence, Inc.
        Today, Intelligence, Inc. is staffed by a dedicated team of developers and representatives. It is one of the largest and most successful companies of its kind, and a recognized market leader in cloud-based solutions for event professionals.
    



Leadership









Scott G. Kartsounes | CEO
Darren A. Hughes | President & COO











Contact Information






Your Name



Your Email



Subject of Your Message



Your Message






                            Enter The Code
 










Intelligence, Inc.
Mailing Address:
                    900 Ogden Ave #437
                    Downers Grove, IL 60515
                    USA
630.686.1010 phone
630.686.1111 fax
intelligenceinc.com





Copyright Š 2017 Intelligence, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





















Thank You!











Products and Services | gap intelligence
Products & ServicesWhat We DoWe Don't Just Study the Forest, We Study the LeavesOur category-specific analysts, the rock stars of the intelligence world, are the first to turn over every stone in the marketplace to help you answer your most important questions. We don't drop data off at your door and wave goodbye. Our expert analyst team provides context and answers the questions that are unique to your business.What do you want to know?Contact UsWhy are my sales going up or down?How can my product line stay competitive?What future innovations and trends will impact my business?Our Products My DashboardMy DashboardInteract with Our GFD OnlineOur cloud-based application gives you the power to make smart decisions from any browser. Using our Merchant Pricing Trends tool, you can quickly build a custom view of a specific retailer's assortment of any product category. If you want to fuel your own internal tools with gap intelligence GFD, you can easily export the data that is most important to you using our Custom Data Downloads. You can also stay up-to-date on industry news and learn why and how market changes are impactful through our Market Intelligence Analysis widget.Login Now!Our Products gapTCOgapCompareHead-to-Head Comparisons Made EasyOur gapCompare tool provides side-by-side analysis of product specifications and current competitive pricing for an unlimited number of printer and copier devices. We take unbelievably complex data and turn it into comparison shopping in 30 seconds or less. We curate. You skim.gapTCO ProHighlight Your Competitive AdvantageWith our gapTCO Pro tool, you can quickly and easily analyze the true Total Cost of Ownership of printer and copier devices in head-to-head scenarios. Our comprehensive product and pricing database is updated weekly to ensure accurate and reliable business intelligence fueled by fresh GFD. Our tools are so easy, even a sales person will use them.Learn MoreOur Products SalesDriveSalesDrive powered by gap intelligenceFor a Smarter Sales ProcessShorten Sales CyclesImprove Sales ProductivityOptimize Revenue MixBacked by our robust pricing and product database, we give you everything you need to efficiently assess, analyze, and propose managed print engagements of all sizes, ranging from one product to enterprise fleets.Learn MoreOur Products Data Center 3.0Data Center 3.0Data Should Empower, Not OverwhelmOur online library is essentially an all-you-can-eat buffet of our entire catalog of market intelligence reports, as well as our price and promotions data that is updated weekly and available for your use in very powerful ways.Weekly highlights of the things you need to know about your industry.Find out how price drops impact inventory numbers.View weekly circular ad images and detailed product specs by SKU.We've relied upon gap intelligence for many years as a critical piece in helping us better understand the printer and print supplies markets. The Pricing and Promotions reports have provided us with facts needed to explore new sales models, and support product messaging, while the weekly Market Intelligence reports keep us informed of industry and product happenings in a simple and easy to digest format. The gap intelligence team is also incredibly responsive and insightful whenever we have specific inquiries.Current Business ManagerOur Products MI MobileMI MobileIntelligence To GoOur MI Mobile app allows you to quickly and conveniently access our powerful market intelligence articles from your mobile device. With our category-specific expert analysis at your fingertips, you can keep up-to-date and make informed decisions on the go.Learn MoreOur Products gAPIPlug In to Our GFDData LicensingWe can power your technology with our GFD through custom data feeds and our API. We'll spare you from all the technical details, but let's just say we take great pride in seeing our data take on new forms and functions to help you succeed.Give Your Data a BoostData LinkingTrying to find meaning in separate data streams is quite the struggle. Let our linking service do the heavy lifting. Quickly and painlessly leverage our vast product knowledge to connect your data to our powerful 4Ps and free up time for trend spotting and communicating the bigger picture.Our Products Coverage Areas & RegionsCoverage AreasITBusiness PrintersInk and Photo SuppliesLaser Printer SuppliesMFP-CopierPersonal and SOHO PrintersPrint MediaDesktop ComputersNotebook ComputersTabletsHome AppliancesDishwashersLaundryOver-the-Range MicrowavesRangesRefrigeratorsConsumer ElectronicsBlu-ray PlayersDigital CamerasDigital Media PlayersDigital Video CamcordersSmartphonesSmart Wrist WearablesSound barsTelevisionsRegionsgap intelligence's GFD is sourced from the USA, England, Germany & France.


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Product Intelligence Inc - Rockville Centre, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Rockville Centre



Commercial Nonphysical Research



Market Analysis Or Research



                            Product Intelligence Inc
                                    



 





















P 


Product Intelligence Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 MERRICK RD STE 410W ROCKVILLE CENTRE, NY 11570
Get Directions



(516) 536-4103





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,600,000.00
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Market Analysis Or Research
 Contacts Neil Firtle







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Product Intelligence Inc was founded in 1998. Product Intelligence Inc specializes in Market Analysis Or Research. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 























Technology | Convenience Store News










 



 







Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








Search the Site 








From 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



To 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060




 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic






All StoriesSpecial FeaturesMergers & AcquisitionsSuppliers & WholesalersCorporate & Store OperationsCorporate ResponsibilityTechnologyCompetitive WatchMarketingExpert ViewpointsLegislative, Regulatory & LegalPeople 










SUBSCRIBE TO CSNEWS 


Right Now


 



Stuzo QuickStart for Conexxus 







 



New Paytronix App Lets Customers Select Their Own Rewards


Points redeemable on sweepstakes entries. 



 



Patriot Capital Why Wait Upgrade Program


Retailers can have no interest or principle payments until 2018. 



 



Casey's Pilots New PayNearMe & Blackhawk Network Financial Services


Cash transaction network extends by 2,000 locations. 


 

Top Stories












 









Most Shared

Which C-store Brand Delivers the Best Overall Experience?Turning Fuel Pumping Into an ExperienceAssessing the Threat Level of Amazon Go, Part 2 


Favorites




Top Stories

Which C-store Brand Delivers the Best Overall Experience?Petrosoft Signs OEM Agreement With SAPThe Next Step for Big Data 





Featured Research


Featured Research


Convenience Store News - July 2017 







Gallery


Gallery














2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April 2017March 2017February 2017January 20172016December 2016November 2016October 2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March 2016February 2016January 20162015December 2015November 2015October 2015September 2015August 2015July 2015June 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015February 2015January 20152014December 2014November 2014October 2014September 2014August 2014July 2014June 2014May 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014January 20142013December 2013November 2013October 2013September 2013August 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013March 2013February 2013January 20132012December 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012April 2012March 2012February 2012January 20122011December 2011November 2011October 2011September 2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February 2011January 20112010December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August 2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 20102009October 20092008October 2008February 20082007September 2007May 20072006May 20062005October 2005August 2005July 2005June 2005May 20052003October 2003July 2003June 2003May 20032002December 2002October 2002September 2002August 2002July 2002June 2002May 2002April 2002March 2002January 20022001December 2001October 2001July 2001June 20011969December 1969 












 



Casey's Sharpens Focus Heading Into FY 2018



Store growth, digital platform are top priorities. 




 



Atlas Oil Highlights Innovation & Technology With New Website



Changes reflect company's 30-year evolution. 




 



BONUS CONTENT: Shell Empowers Employees With Technology



Workjam provides platform for communication. 




 



Cumberland Farms' SmartPay Program Hits $75M in Savings



Check-Link users save 10 cents on every fuel gallon. 




 



Couche-Tard CEO Talks Electric Cars & Fuels Future



Retailer looks to Norway as its laboratory. 




 



Gulf & Discover Partner to Promote Mobile Payment



Summer savings campaign offers 15-cents-per-gallon fuel discount. 



 




 



CSNews Seeks Fuels & Tech Leader of the Year Nominations



Entries will be accepted through Aug. 11. 




 



Maintaining Perspective in the Age of Amazon



Smart strategies hinge on retail fundamentals, not dystopian fears. 




 



Mirabito Links Up With Barcoding for Improved Connectivity 



Solution saves money, makes customers happy.





 



Walmart.com Leads Ecommerce for Fresh Grocery



Category still holds close ties to brick-and-mortar retail. 




 



Study: Despite Wide-Ranging Payment Alternatives, Cash Is Still King



Millennials prefer method.





 



Speedway on 'Quest to Refresh' This Summer



Digital game awards badges for private label purchases. 



Pages1
2
3
4
5
…
next ›
last »























































Aton - for PLM - Roima Intelligence Inc.              Skip to content   Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn    Instagram   Roima Intelligence Inc.  True intelligence Home » Aton – for PLMAton – for PLMSave, manage and share information! Aton is the most popular Product Data Management system in Finland. It is used both in small domestic companies and globally operating corporations. Aton contains all necessary tools to manage items, item structures, documents and components, as well as installed base and change management.Aton makes product information accurate and better manageable, so helping companies to create better products and services. It is suited for managing the data generated during the whole product life cycle. It also helps to manage the product related processes and documents. Aton serves the company both locally and globally, giving more productivity and quality and saving time and effort.Join your information systems to the same data sourceAton gives more power to your product management. It serves company’s various information systems by providing and sharing the necessary data between them. Aton has integrations toMCAD: SolidWorks, Inventor, Autocad, Catia, Vertex, ProE/Creo, microstationECAD: ePlan, E3, PADSERP: IFS, Lean, SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Dynamics, EpicorAton 6.3Take a look at Aton basic functions:Mass customize your productsProduct configuration is the way to fulfil your various customer needs. Using mass customization will also speed up the product development and improve product management. For example, it is easy to create and manage model series.When configuring a product, the product structure is created by selecting the wanted modules. The final, individual serial number structure contains the selected product features. As the documents are attached to the items, spare parts and service manual is formed at the same time.Improve customer satisfaction with Change ManagementWhen you make products, you naturally need to receive feed back your customers, i.e. those who use the products. This way you can develop your products to fulfil the real customer needs and keep your customes satisfied.Controlled and networked change management is easiest to carry out inside a PDM system. Your customer feed back and product change orders will be stored and handled by a fixed and controlled process for the implementation of product changes. With PDM system you can cover and keep track of all responsibilies during different phases of change management. Also the related product information will stay up-to-date, so you will avoid making defective products and costly after shipments.Expand your business towards Life cycle servicesWhen your company’s After Sales service is efficient, you can use it as a basis for new life cycle services . Also it is good to have a working product management process. Your product management should answer the questions “which product is delivered to who” and “what does this individual product consist of”.Aton manages the delivered product structures and versions – the installed base. It covers product families and individual product structures, mass production or customized products.The right spare part to the right productSolve your documentation problem with Aton! Did you know, that you can create a spare parts catalog directly from your product structure – product-specific and with language variations. The management of delivered product structures makes this possible, no matter if the products are mass produced or customized.Share the information in the right placeAlways up-to-date information, and the right amount of it, is a prerequisite of networked business.This relates to businesses like subcontracting of engineering or manufacturing, resale, aftersales or any other form of co-operation.Aton provides you with the tools to edit and share the information – despite you location. The information is available only to the people you want, and for the period you choose.Manage the whole product life cycleAton is the engine that rotates the product life cycle management. It collects and controls the product information, as well as serves it to other systems. Basic functions contain product structure management, versions and related product information.Share this:         We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more         

CodeMaster - for Product Information Management - Roima Intelligence Inc.              Skip to content   Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn    Instagram   Roima Intelligence Inc.  True intelligence Home » Aton – for PLM » CodeMaster – for Product Information ManagementCodeMaster – for Product Information ManagementCodeMaster is a software to manage, edit and publish item and product information. It offers solutions for common problems in product data management. With CodeMaster you can manage single items, as well as create mass operations. New business opportunities are found when you refine product data by combining the technical and commercial data.MDM + PIM = CODEMASTERCodeMaster has an efficient and versatile tools to integrate company’s different information systems. CodeMaster’s role is to act as a centralized information system and to disseminate the information for and from different systems. This is called Master Data Management, MDM. With the help of CodeMaster, product information can be processed and enriched, marketing materials can be attached and – what is the most important – product information can be published easily to external systems, such as e-commerce platforms, applications etc. This is called Product Information Management, PIM.PIM: Gather, Process and Publish InformationCodeMaster PIMCodeMaster collects information from company’s existing information systems, such as Product Data Managment / Product Lifecycle Management System (PDM/PLM) and Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP). CodeMaster sorts and classifies product’s technical and commercial information in correct form for wanted platforms. This way only essential information is transferred, and information is always up-to-date in all systems.In PIM system Product information is enriched e.g. with new language options, descriptions and receipt information – or with recommended products information. You can attach marketing material, such as brochures, instructions and videos, to the product.All for one – and one for allCodeMaster is a single system for centralized, easily managed and complete product information. You can finally end the age-old era of trying to manage information with product specific excel sheets. Free your product information for shared use – all employees can access the data according to their user privileges.CodeMaster Solutions:Share this:         We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more         







G360 Direct Ltd
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for G360 Direct Ltd, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



G360 Direct Ltd

G360 Direct Ltd exports to Boombah Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of G360 Direct Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 JC PENNEY
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for G360 Direct Ltd
G360 Direct Ltd exports to Boombah Inc through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



G360 DIRECT LTD
505 ROOM, A BUILDING, JINGDUHUI HOT CHANGAN TOWN, DONGGUAN CITY, GUANGD DONGGUAN 44 523000 CN


BOOMBAH
USA 202 BOOMBAH BLVD YORKVILLE,IL6 US REGISTERED CODE EX. IRS EIN SS YORKVILLE IL 60560 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE




PO  ITEM  QTY  CARTON  COMPANY  G360
PO  ITEM  QTY  CARTON  COMPANY  G360





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



APLU070844870


APHU7272075
APHU7272075


Product Description




ROLLING SUPER PACK
ROLLING SUPER PACK









Bill of LadingCHSL188591893SZNArrival Date2016-01-11Weight (LB)13,750Weight (KG)6,250Quantity500 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.010EPort of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameAPL MEXICO CITYCarrier CodeCHSLCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptYANTIAN CN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for G360 Direct Ltd. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when G360 Direct Ltd has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact G360 Direct Ltd







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








G360 Direct Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Zaap Tv Ip Tv Installments                                



                                    Fabr.espanola Sanitaria S.a.                                



                                    C&c International Co., Ltd                                



                                    Privatbrauerei Hirt                                



                                    Georgia Pacific Ingenium (pkg)                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2906
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X






























Business Process Management - BPM | OpenText




















































 
More

Sign In





Manage My Account
Pay My Bill

Sign Out


Cookie Settings

Global

Global
Global
Australia
Brasil
Deutschland
France
日本
Sverige
United Kingdom






Search OpenText
close






Most Popular Searches


Web Experience Management
BPM Suite
Enterprise Information Management
Records Management
Enterprise World
Content Management
OpenText Community


 Menu
Search
 




















								Home 
What we do 
Products 
Business Process Management









        Business Process Management (BPM)
Gain insight into your operations, optimize business processes and drive growth with OpenText Process Suite.








OpenText People Center makes HR processes easy for employees, helps employees help themselves and enables HR teams to more quickly and easily address simple issues and focus on high-value initiatives. Watch this video to learn how OpenText People Center can help your HR team do more with less.
Learn more about OpenText People Center







OpenText Process Suite



						Overview

						Business Needs

						Applications

						Resource Center



				Overview







                    OpenText Process Suite
OpenText Process Suite offers a unique combination of digital process automation with powerful, flexible process orchestration, content-rich execution, and low-code development. Take advantage of a number of easily customizable and extensible business applications or quickly build completely custom, natively mobile business applications using our low-code application development platform and pre-defined building blocks.

Delight customers. Exceed expectations with timely, proactive service in the channels where they want to do business – even when processes involve a lot of knowledge work.
Close process gaps. Digitize processes that require interaction with structured and unstructured information residing in diverse business systems and content repositories. Eliminate disconnected processes or manual processes that often fill gaps between steps in a business workflow.
Lower risk and gain consistency. Automate processes intelligently to triage low risk activities from high risk, enabling companies to optimize resources.

Why Choose OpenText for Digital Business Automation
Smarter AutomationDrive, manage and automate processes using rules for adaptive case handling and process automation, embedded analytics, IoT driven processes and contextual integrations across systems and content sources to gain efficiencies, speed and consistency across key workflows. Plus, user collaboration reduces risk and facilitates knowledge worker engagement.
Content-Rich AutomationOffer end users an in-context, 360-degree view of the information they need to get their jobs done out-of-the-box, tightly integrated with powerful process automation and multidirectional integration with all the relevant enterprise systems. Provides great flexibility for IT, better alignment of ECM benefits to the needs of the business and more power to extend the lives of legacy systems.
Quick Delivery of Process SolutionsBuild and deploy solutions more easily with low-code, reusable building blocks and pre-built accelerators to speed the development of case and process-driven applications. Quickly expand or adapt applications to innovate and drive customer-centric outcomes. Plus, business users can think about the policy or workflow from their perspective, centered around the information that needs action rather than around a rigid process.
See OpenText Digital Process Automation Applications
Learn more about OpenText Process Suite
Learn more about OpenText AppWorks
Learn more about OpenText Cloud Service Brokerage



				Business Needs




Business leaders are looking for more ways to quickly gain control of key processes, streamline customer-facing activities, reduce employee workloads, and manage compliance and risk. OpenText provides business applications and solutions to address diverse business needs across industries.
Dynamic Case ManagementTransform knowledge-driven work that involves complex interactions between people, content, transactions and workflows across multiple systems of record. The OpenText solution supports a diverse range of cases including client onboarding, application or claims processing, service requests and more.
Learn More
Low-Code DevelopmentToday’s businesses can’t wait months to deploy and iterate on web and mobile applications. With a low-code application framework, app development keeps IT moving at the pace of the business.
Learn More
Advanced Media OrchestrationDigital transformation has generated an explosion in the volume of rich media assets needed to produce a quality customer experience. OpenText Advanced Media Orchestration provides a comprehensive platform to manage creative teams and assets through their development and delivery processes.
Learn More
Extend the Life of Legacy SystemsLegacy systems don’t have to become barriers to digital transformation. OpenText Process Suite gives you a practical, low-cost way to build user-friendly applications that leverage backend legacy systems.
How OpenText Process Suite Helps


				Applications




OpenText digital business applications provide configurable automation to address specific business problems. All of these applications are easily customizable and extensible using the low-code application development environment in OpenText Process Suite. They also benefit from Process Suite’s enterprise integrations.


OpenText Contract Center
Streamline contract execution, integrate contracts within work processes in diverse enterprise systems, and deliver smarter automation within buy-side, sell-side and other legal contracts.
Learn more


OpenText People Center
Improve employee self-service and empower HR to respond more easily to inquiries, quickly access necessary documents and gain visibility into key measurements and indicators. People Center combines an employee portal with advanced case and document management capabilities for a better employee experience.
Learn more


Active Client Management for Insurance
Improve the customer experience, reduce operational costs and facilitate rapid rollout of innovative insurance products with insurance-specific automation for account servicing, underwriting, claims management and more.
Learn more




MCM for Life Sciences
Accelerate creative asset delivery, drive innovation, improve brand consistency, and control costs with a marketing content management platform that provides a comprehensive asset management solution for regulated marketing content in the life sciences industry.
Learn more


OpenText RFx Center
Streamline procurement processes, monitor spend, manage vendors and automate the flow and capture of the procurement information at the enterprise level. Gain real-time visibility into procurement operations to enable sound strategic decisions.
Learn more

 



				Resource Center




Learn More
Better Case Management - Read the Insight Brief from Digital Clarity Group
Evolve your RFP Process - Read the Whitepaper


	
Customer Stories









PBS

As we continue to build new digital experiences online, we really want to re-purpose content rapidly in ways that we couldn’t in the past. Having content readily available in Media Management makes it much easier to find, repurpose, and build out those beautiful digital experiences.
Read more
Products:&nbspOpenText Media Management
                                  , OpenText Process Suite











Bangkok Airways

Now that we have the OpenText Extended ECM solution integrated with SAP Business Suite on HANA, we have much better control of the transactional data on one hand and transactional documents on the other hand.
Read more
Products:&nbspOpenText Extended ECM for SAP® Solutions
                                  , OpenText Process Suite











Getronics

The solution is very flexible and it allows us to develop processes which meet the needs of individual customers, to brand them to those customers, and to give our customers’ end users a solution which they feel is theirs and works exactly the way they want it to work.
Read more
Product:&nbspOpenText Process Suite











CIZ (Netherlands Ministry of Health)

We've been able to reduce the complexity of our IT infrastructure and that has resulted in lower operational costs. The old system prevented us from having a practical redundancy policy, it was too complex. OpenText Cordys, with one single, central database, has eliminated those barriers.
Read more
Product:&nbspOpenText Process Suite




More Success Stories







Contact OpenText

 Contact Form
 Global Offices
 +1 (800) 499-6544


HR & Case Management
Improve your HR activities with easy-to-use and low-cost case management
Read the Deep Analysis Industry Report





BPM – User Perceptions & Expectations
Find out how BPM supports digital transformation
Read the White Paper from AIIM

The OpenText FamilyOpenText has welcomed a number of products into the OpenText brand family. For a complete list of previous product names that are now part of OpenText, see: 

Actuate
Artesia
Captaris
Cordys
Easylink
GXS
Hummingbird
Livelink
Reddot
Vignette
Daegis
Documentum
HP
ResonateKT
StreamServe
Informative Graphics Corporation
Recommind

See All Rebranded Products











           









 





































Eby-Brown Leveraging New BI Platform | Convenience Store News










 



 







Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








Search the Site 








From 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



To 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060




 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic





 




















 


SUBSCRIBE TO CSNEWS 

Product Spotlight




 Powerful Solutions to Reduce Shrink & Improve Performance 
  
   

 


Related Suppliers


Related Suppliers








 

Featured Research


Featured Research


Convenience Store News - July 2017 






Quick Stats


Quick Stats








 





You are hereHome » Industry News & Trends » Technology

Eby-Brown Leveraging New BI Platform
Distributor will use data to reduce out-of-stocks and better understand independent stores.

January 16, 2013, 07:00 pm



PITTSBURGH -- Eby-Brown Co. is teaming with Management Science Associates Inc. (MSA) to gather information from its shipment data. The convenience store distributor has selected MSA's Gateway 360 (G360) business intelligence platform to transform its shipment data into actionable insights and alerts.
"Everyone knows MSA as a longstanding leader in the area of data management and analytics," said John Scardina, senior vice president of merchandising for Eby-Brown. "By bringing those best practices to Eby-Brown, we will advance our own go-to-market effectiveness and strengthen our partnerships with both suppliers and customers."
Eby-Brown will use G360 and related services to focus on reducing out-of-stocks; identifying gaps at the retail level for new items; and understanding and addressing differences within the independent convenience store segment.
"We are thrilled to support Eby-Brown in achieving their goals," said Suzy Silliman, senior vice president and managing director for MSA's Information Management Solutions Division. "MSA has built tremendous experience over two decades in transforming distributor shipment and complementary data sets into game-changing strategies and tactics for our clients. We look forward to bringing this experience to Eby-Brown's growth strategy and retailer and vendor relationships."
G360 is a third-generation application developed specifically for consumer packaged goods' sales and marketing users accessing large and integrated data sets. It offers complex functionality, complete flexibility and detailed access via ad-hoc querying as well as pre-formatted reports for consistent tracking of key performance indicators across different types of devices and users, including field sales.
"We chose MSA because their platform and insights enable us to immediately identify opportunities and solve business issues," Scardina added. "Understanding retailer data is a key enabler to minimizing out-of-stocks, improving promotion volume forecast accuracy and fine-tuning assortment decisions. With G360, we have an additional toolset to enhance our sales team's effectiveness in the market place."














Related Content















 















Related Content



















































 





















Industry News & Trends | Convenience Store News










 



 







Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








Search the Site 








From 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



To 



Date 

 E.g., 07/28/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060




 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic






All StoriesSpecial FeaturesMergers & AcquisitionsSuppliers & WholesalersCorporate & Store OperationsCorporate ResponsibilityTechnologyCompetitive WatchMarketingExpert ViewpointsLegislative, Regulatory & LegalPeople 










SUBSCRIBE TO CSNEWS 


Right Now


 



FDA Unveils New Roadmap for Tackling Tobacco







 



House Panel OKs Common Sense Menu-Labeling Bill


Amended bill now awaits consideration by full House of Representatives. 



 



Getty Keeps Sights on Growth


Redevelopment projects, acquisitions top company's agenda. 



 



Weigel's Urges Customers to Dive in to Shark Week


"SharkEE Challenge" rewarded free, proprietary frozen drink. 


 

Top Stories












 









Most Shared

Couche-Tard Reaches Acquisition Agreement With Holiday Cos.Which C-store Brand Delivers the Best Overall Experience?What’s Behind a Great C-store Shopping Trip? 


Favorites




Top Stories

Which C-store Brand Delivers the Best Overall Experience?The Next C-store Tobacco Competitor: Manufacturers?Meet CSNews’ 2017 Top 20 Growth Chains 





Featured Research


Featured Research


Convenience Store News - July 2017 







Gallery


Gallery


Walmart To Go Gas IslandWalmart To Go Coffee BarWalmart To Go FoodserviceWalmart To Go Exterior 











2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April 2017March 2017February 2017January 20172016December 2016November 2016October 2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March 2016February 2016January 20162015December 2015November 2015October 2015September 2015August 2015July 2015June 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015February 2015January 20152014December 2014November 2014October 2014September 2014August 2014July 2014June 2014May 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014January 20142013December 2013November 2013October 2013September 2013August 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013March 2013February 2013January 20132012December 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012April 2012March 2012February 2012January 20122011December 2011November 2011October 2011September 2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February 2011January 20112010December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August 2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January 20102009December 2009November 2009October 2009September 2009August 2009July 2009June 2009May 2009April 2009March 2009February 2009January 20092008December 2008November 2008October 2008September 2008August 2008July 2008June 2008May 2008April 2008March 2008February 2008January 20082007December 2007November 2007October 2007September 2007August 2007July 2007June 2007May 2007April 2007March 2007February 2007January 20072006December 2006November 2006October 2006September 2006August 2006July 2006June 2006May 2006April 20062005December 2005November 2005October 2005September 2005August 2005July 2005June 2005May 20052004December 2004November 2004October 2004September 2004August 2004July 2004June 2004May 20042003December 2003November 2003October 2003September 2003August 2003July 2003June 2003May 2003April 20032002December 2002November 2002October 2002September 2002August 2002July 2002June 2002May 2002April 2002March 2002February 2002January 20022001December 2001November 2001October 2001September 2001August 2001July 2001June 2001May 20012000October 2000September 20001969December 1969 












 Special Features




Bite-Sized Insights: Alternative Snacks



The category has ample space to grow, CSNews editors find. 




 Corporate & Store Operations




Wawa Is Miami Bound Next 



Expansion plans announced at Broward County doubleheader grand opening. 




 Corporate & Store Operations




Speedway Sees Record Q2 2017 Results



An increase in light-product margin had favorable impact. 




 Technology




Stuzo QuickStart for Conexxus 



Solution provides open simulator and dashboard for fuel retail industry. 




 Suppliers & Wholesalers




Reduced-Risk Products Front of Mind for C-store Retailers



Many see iQOS as next growth catalyst for tobacco. 




 People




People on the Move: Stepping Down



Executives at Altria, Marathon, NRF & Tanknology retire. 



 




 Corporate & Store Operations




Study: C-store Visit Frequency Increases in Q2



GasBuddy users who visited once a week or more grew to 53 percent. 




 Corporate & Store Operations




Rutter's to Implement Total Oil Management System 



Solution to be installed at all locations with fried food. 




 Special Features




Bite-Sized Insights: Salty Snacks



Snacks as a stress reliever among latest trends. 




 Special Features




Midyear Check-In Shows Convenience Channel Sales Lagging



Soft spots emerge in the 2017 Convenience Store News Midyear Report Card. 




 Corporate & Store Operations




Dept. of Labor Seeks Feedback on New Overtime Rule



Agency asks for comments on salary level, cost of living. 




 Legislative, Regulatory & Legal




Maine Gov. Vetoes Bill to Raise Tobacco Buying Age



Lawmakers will consider the rejection on Aug. 2. 



Pages1
2
3
4
5
…
next ›
last »























































