










 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Gabalex Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:04 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Gabalex Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Gabalex Capital Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom up approach to make its portfolios. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Gabalex Capital Management, LLC was founded in 2008 and is based in New York City.


540 Madison AvenueSuite 27ANew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 212-371-9952

Fax: 212-371-9957








Key Executives for Gabalex Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Nigel Lewis Greig


      	Managing Member
      








Mr. Kenneth Cowin CFA


      	Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Member
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Gabalex Capital Management, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Mitek Systems (MITK)					

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Receives Buy Rating from Rosenblatt Securities					

Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Given “Neutral” Rating at UBS AG					

Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Shares Gap Up  After Strong Earnings					

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Robert W. Baird					

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. (AXSM) Receives “Buy” Rating from Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services					

Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Marston's PLC (LON:MARS) Price Target Cut to GBX 130 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity					

Masco Corporation (MAS) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) Announces  Earnings Results					

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given “Buy” Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald					

Critical Analysis: Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. (PAC) versus Macquarie Infrastructure (MIC)					

Liberty Media Corporation (LSXMA) and Phoenix New Media Limited (FENG) Critical Comparison					

Head-To-Head Comparison: Radcom (RDCM) versus Nano Dimension (NNDM)					

Analyzing Woori Bank (WF) & First NBC Bank Holding (FNBC)					

Brokerages Set La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) Price Target at $13.21					

Analysts Set Accenture PLC (ACN) Price Target at $130.51					

Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Receives $19.74 Average PT from Analysts					

BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Receives $30.73 Average PT from Brokerages					

Analysts Set Accenture PLC (ACN) Price Target at $130.51					





 





						CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Monday. 
According to Zacks, “CA is a leading information technology (IT) management software company. We are optimistic about CA’s acquisition strategy, which has enhanced its IT management, software and services portfolio. Moreover, we believe that the diversity of its products and the increased efficiency offered by them will attract customers across sectors, lending stability to its business model. Additionally, CA’s “go to market” sales strategy integrates the commercial functions of sales, marketing, brand management, pricing and consumer insight, which helps it in lowering costs, thereby improving the bottom line. Nonetheless, intensifying competition from peers, an uncertain economic environment, currency headwinds and the weak IT spending forecast by Gartner are other concerns. Notably, shares of the company has underperformed the broader market over the last one year period.”
Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on CA. Citigroup Inc.  reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $34.00 price objective (up previously from $33.00) on shares of CA in a research report on Sunday, May 14th. DA Davidson  reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $12.00 price objective on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 19th. BidaskClub cut CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, July 1st. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein  reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of CA in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. CA currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.




Shares of CA (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.06 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $33.34 and its 200 day moving average price is $32.43. The stock has a market capitalization of $14.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.41 and a beta of 0.87. CA has a one year low of $30.01 and a one year high of $36.54. 
CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities analysts expect that  CA will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: This piece was  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/19/ca-inc-nasdaqca-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. 
In other news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in  CA by 27.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 26,311,643 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $834,606,000 after buying an additional 5,729,276 shares during the period.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of  CA by 2.3% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 24,311,915 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $771,175,000 after buying an additional 546,030 shares during the last quarter.  Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in shares of  CA by 2.1% in the first quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 23,725,398 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $752,570,000 after buying an additional 479,924 shares during the last quarter.  BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  CA by 2,711.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 20,716,899 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $657,139,000 after buying an additional 19,979,935 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Bank of America Corp DE raised its position in shares of  CA by 1.0% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 15,719,102 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $498,611,000 after buying an additional 154,092 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  70.62% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CA (CA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 






























































						Gabalex Capital Management Lifted Its Wal (WMT) Stake, Masimo (MASI) Shorts Up By 3.95% - Wolcott Daily								









 

















 























 










































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News
Contact




Today's Date:  Thursday, July 27th, 2017


Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]






Gabalex Capital Management Lifted Its Wal (WMT) Stake, Masimo (MASI) Shorts Up By 3.95%

July 25, 2017 - By Louis Casey

Gabalex Capital Management Llc increased Wal (WMT) stake by 75% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Gabalex Capital Management Llc acquired 150,000 shares as Wal (WMT)’s stock rose 13.55%. The Gabalex Capital Management Llc holds 350,000 shares with $24.19 million value, up from 200,000 last quarter. Wal now has $235.36B valuation. The stock rose 0.44% or $0.34 reaching $77.23 per share. About 1,764 shares traded. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has risen 13.83% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 2.87% the S&P500.






 Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) had an increase of 3.95% in short interest. MASI’s SI was 2.43 million shares in July as released by FINRA. Its up 3.95% from 2.34M shares previously. With 515,900 avg volume, 5 days are for Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI)’s short sellers to cover MASI’s short positions. The SI to Masimo Corporation’s float is 5.24%. It closed at $98.36 lastly. It is down 77.37% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 60.67% the S&P500.
Among 6 analysts covering Masimo (NASDAQ:MASI), 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 67% are positive. Masimo had 8 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Buy” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Monday, July 10. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Wednesday, August 5 by TH Capital. Roth Capital maintained Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) rating on Wednesday, July 19. Roth Capital has “Buy” rating and $10500 target. The stock of Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) earned “Outperform” rating by Wedbush on Monday, February 27. The firm has “Neutral” rating by PiperJaffray given on Thursday, March 16. The rating was downgraded by Raymond James to “Outperform” on Wednesday, January 6. Raymond James downgraded the shares of MASI in report on Monday, February 13 to “Mkt Perform” rating.
Masimo Corporation is a medical technology firm that develops, makes and markets a range of non-invasive patient monitoring technologies. The company has market cap of $5.18 billion. The Company’s business is Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion pulse oximetry monitoring, known as Masimo Signal Extraction Technology pulse oximetry. It has a 16.75 P/E ratio. The Company’s product offerings include non-invasive monitoring of blood constituents with an optical signature, optical organ oximetry monitoring, electrical, brain function monitoring, acoustic respiration monitoring and exhaled gas monitoring.
Since January 27, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 14 insider sales for $47.53 million activity. The insider de Raad Mark sold $1.09 million. Fishel Rick had sold 30,000 shares worth $2.40 million on Wednesday, February 15. Coleman Jon sold 6,000 shares worth $450,000. 300,000 Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) shares with value of $24.01 million were sold by KIANI JOE E. FITCH SANFORD sold $279,677 worth of Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) on Wednesday, March 22. On Wednesday, March 8 the insider Jansen Paul sold $5.25M. Lee Yongsam sold 10,000 shares worth $740,000.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.02 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.31, from 1.33 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 20 investors sold Masimo Corporation shares while 110 reduced holdings. 45 funds opened positions while 88 raised stakes. 39.68 million shares or 0.30% less from 39.80 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Airain Limited has invested 0.1% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI). Raymond James Services Advsr Inc owns 8,406 shares. Intrust State Bank Na holds 0.1% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) or 3,885 shares. Globeflex Ltd Partnership stated it has 29,615 shares. Btim Corporation has 586,628 shares for 0.63% of their portfolio. Price T Rowe Assocs Md reported 431,003 shares stake. Da Davidson stated it has 0% of its portfolio in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI). Art Advisors Limited Liability Company has invested 0.04% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI). Ls Inv Advsrs Limited Liability has 1,878 shares for 0.01% of their portfolio. Janus Cap Mngmt Lc stated it has 0.15% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI). Intl Gru Inc has invested 0.01% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI). Bnp Paribas Arbitrage Sa holds 0.03% or 108,438 shares in its portfolio. Birchview Cap Ltd Partnership holds 1.52% of its portfolio in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) for 36,600 shares. Alliancebernstein L P invested in 113,097 shares. Systematic Fincl Ltd Partnership holds 0.03% in Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ:MASI) or 28,695 shares.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.87 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.25, from 1.12 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 97 investors sold WMT shares while 540 reduced holdings. 77 funds opened positions while 479 raised stakes. 868.78 million shares or 0.20% more from 867.04 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Leavell Mngmt has 0.11% invested in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) for 11,712 shares. Allianz Asset Mgmt Ag has 3.96M shares for 0.25% of their portfolio. River Road Asset Mngmt has invested 1.21% in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Godsey & Gibb Associates stated it has 0.2% in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Pennsylvania Company reported 0.25% stake. Huber Capital Mngmt Limited Liability Company has 220,056 shares. Regentatlantic Ltd Liability Com holds 0.82% of its portfolio in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) for 121,465 shares. Cs Mckee Lp has invested 1.84% in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Tudor Investment Corp Et Al holds 0.01% or 5,600 shares in its portfolio. 89,286 are held by Montag A Associate. Charter reported 40,986 shares or 0.31% of all its holdings. Miles invested in 0.13% or 3,179 shares. Moreover, Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt has 0.67% invested in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Counselors has 154,810 shares. Cullinan Assoc reported 3.39 million shares.
Since February 22, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 35 insider sales for $7.18 billion activity. Another trade for 3.00 million shares valued at $237.76 million was sold by WALTON S ROBSON. The insider Chojnowski David sold 5,142 shares worth $408,070. On Tuesday, February 28 the insider WALTON JIM C sold $320.41M. WALTON ALICE L also sold $193.96M worth of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on Wednesday, May 24. Shares for $868,299 were sold by Gearhart Jeffrey J. Canney Jacqueline P sold 1,322 shares worth $104,113.
Among 33 analysts covering Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), 15 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 17 Hold. Therefore 45% are positive. Wal-Mart Stores Inc had 90 analyst reports since August 14, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Friday, October 7 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with “Underperform”. The company was maintained on Monday, August 22 by BMO Capital Markets. As per Sunday, September 6, the company rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank. Bank of America upgraded it to “Buy” rating and $88 target in Wednesday, February 22 report. As per Friday, July 14, the company rating was upgraded by Goldman Sachs. Telsey Advisory Group maintained the shares of WMT in report on Friday, August 19 with “Market Perform” rating. The stock of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) earned “Hold” rating by Deutsche Bank on Sunday, August 23. The firm has “Market Perform” rating given on Friday, October 7 by Telsey Advisory Group. The rating was maintained by Morgan Stanley on Thursday, May 19 with “Equal-Weight”. The stock of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has “Neutral” rating given on Monday, November 9 by Citigroup.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










By1 Louis Casey


 





Automatic Stock Updates Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:










  Recent Posts 

Tig Advisors Has Lifted Rite Aid (RAD) Holding; Orthofix International N V Has 1.1 Sentiment


Silver Point Capital LP Cut By $2.78 Million Its Phh (PHH) Holding; Ellsworth Growth Income Fund (NYSEMKT:ECF) Sellers Decreased By 14.63% Their Shorts


Broadview Advisors Has Increased Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Stake By $1.31 Million; Last Week Carlsberg A S (ADR) (CABGY) Coverage


Scholtz & Company Has Lifted Its Constellation Brands (STZ) Position; Innerworkings (INWK) Has 0.97 Sentiment


Riverhead Capital Management Lowered Its Foot Locker (FL) Position; Last Week Franco Nevada (FNV) Analysts


Shannon River Fund Management Cut By $6.24 Million Its Bazaarvoice (BV) Holding, Cerus (CERS) Sentiment Is 1.37


Corsair Capital Management LP Cut Its Kar Auction Svcs (KAR) Holding, Enbridge (ENB) SI Decreased By 15.56%


Wellington Management Group Llp Has Boosted Its Century Cmntys (CCS) Stake; Tesco PLC (LON:TSCO) Had 9 Bulls


683 Capital Management Has Decreased Durect (DRRX) Position By $360,000, 1 800 Flowers Com (FLWS)’s Sentiment Is 0.82


Kdi Capital Partners Cut By $649,800 Its Oracle (ORCL) Holding, Ebay (EBAY) Shorts Down By 18.28%







© Copyright 2015-2017 Wolcott Daily Inc - wolcottdaily.com       About - Our Team - Contact











Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle























 Gabalex Capital Management LLC540 Madison Ave # 33 - New York NY - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit Gabalex Capital Management LLC   Not Specified Share 540 Madison Ave # 33, New York, NY 10022       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1               (212) 371-9952   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!        Be the first to write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★                 Submit                            Thanks! Your review is on its way. We will contact you as soon as possible!     Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  540 Madison Ave # 33, New York, NY 10022(212) 371-9952Not Specifiedkenneth@pittcap.comgoogle-plusToday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1            Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































