






The Gabelli Value 25 Fund 1Q15 Shareholder Commentary






















































































 
























The Gabelli Value 25 Fund 1Q15 Shareholder Commentary

By VW Staff
on April 30, 2015 3:30 pm
in Value Investing 






ShareTweetPin ItSubmit


The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc.’s letter to shareholders for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015.
To Our Shareholders,
For the quarter ended March 31, 2015, the net asset value (“NAV”) per Class A Share of The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. increased 0.6% compared with increases of 1.0% and 0.3% for the Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, respectively. See page 2 for additional performance information.
Gabelli Value 25 Fund: Commentary
In a somewhat volatile quarter, with both macro and company specific headlines affecting stock prices, the market rose marginally. In January, the Swiss National Bank discontinued its minimum exchange rate peg of CHF 1.20 per euro, and later that month the European Central Bank announced that it was expanding its asset purchase program to include bonds issued by euro-area central governments, agencies, and European institutions. The combined effect of these two events led the U.S. dollar to substantially strengthen against the euro, going from $1.21 at the end of 2014 to $1.08 at the end of March. This dynamic will create a meaningful currency headwind for U.S. based multinationals with exposure to the eurozone and with currencies that have fallen against the dollar, such as Great Britain, Russia, and Latin American currencies. At the same time, the U.S. economy continued to strengthen, with GDP growth of 2.4% in 2014 and unemployment declining to 5.5%. Many large U.S. employers, including McDonald’s and Walmart, announced wage increases, boding well for consumer purchasing power but at the same time raising concerns about eventual inflation.
Several holdings in the Fund made progress with financial engineering transactions that we believe will benefit shareholders. Madison Square Garden (3.3% of net assets as of March 31, 2015) provided further details on the planned spin-off of its Sports and Entertainment businesses from Media Networks, which we believe will help to surface value in both entities. Additionally, Energizer Holdings (1.6%) attended the Consumer Analyst Group of New York conference, with management teams presenting from its Energizer battery business as well as its newly named Edgewell Personal Care business, with brands including Schick razors, Edge shaving products, Hawaiian Tropic, Banana Boat sun care products, and Playtex feminine and baby care products.

Gabelli Value 25 Fund: Deals, Deals and More Deals
Along with financial engineering, the “Fifth Wave” of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity continued to build during the quarter. In the first quarter, worldwide M&A increased 25% year over year to $854.2 billion, making it the strongest first quarter for M&A since 2007. In the U.S., deal activity totaled $415.9 billion, an increase of 33% compared to Q1 2014, and the best Q1 for deal making in fifteen years. This M&A wave continues to be global in nature, with cross border M&A totaling $267 billion in the quarter, a 10% increase over Q1 2014 and comprising 31% of total M&A.
In February, Exelis Inc. (0.5%) announced it agreed to be acquired by Harris Corp. for $23.75 per share in cash and stock. Exelis shareholders will receive $16.625 in cash and 0.1025 of a share of Harris common stock. Upon closing, Harris shareholders will own approximately 85 percent of the combined company, and Exelis shareholders will own approximately 15 percent. On a pro forma basis, the combined company will generate more than $8 billion in revenue.
Gabelli Value 25 Fund: Let’s Talk Stocks
The following are stock specifics on selected holdings of our Fund. Favorable earnings prospects do not necessarily translate into higher stock prices, but they do express a positive trend that we believe will develop over time. Individual securities mentioned are not necessarily representative of the entire portfolio. For the following holdings, the share prices are listed first in United States dollars (USD) and second in the local currency, where applicable, and are presented as of March 31, 2015.
CBS Corp. (4.8% of net assets as of March 31, 2015) ($61.63) operates the CBS television network and the premium cable network Showtime, and it owns twenty-nine local television stations and 130 radio stations. We believe that CBS has a number of opportunities to generate incremental non-advertising revenue from the sale of existing content to online video distributors and the retransmission of content agreements with traditional distributors. In addition, we expect a continued recovery in advertising to contribute to earnings growth. Finally, we believe that financial engineering, including the announced $3 billion share buyback, could act as a catalyst for shares.
DISH Network Corp. (1.4%) ($70.06) is the third largest pay television provider in the U.S., with approximately 14 million subscribers. As a satellite operator unburdened by local franchising requirements and wired plants, DISH can market and deliver video extremely efficiently across the entire country. As founder of the company, Charlie Ergen owns approximately 53% of the company’s shares and lends his strategic vision to its benefit. DISH has accumulated a significant spectrum position at attractive prices, and unsuccessfully attempted to enter the mobility market via the acquisition of Sprint. DISH could monetize its spectrum through a sale of the spectrum or the whole company, or (more likely) a partnership with an existing wireless operator.
Grupo Televisa SAB (1.3%) ($33.01) is the dominant company in the Mexican broadcast television industry. Televisa has parlayed its vertical integration and strong broadcasting cash flow into a significant position in Mexican satellite and cable television. In an important recent trend, Televisa solidified its position as a key program supplier to Los Angeles based Univision, the dominant Hispanic television provider in the U.S. With the results of the 2010 census now well distributed, the growth of the U.S. Hispanic population virtually assures higher cash flow from this partnership to Televisa and makes it likely that investors may accord this business a higher multiple, as advertisers value eyeballs greatly. Televisa has an opportunity to monetize this investment, as Univision is likely to get sold or to conduct an initial public offering in late 2015.
Honeywell International Inc. (3.1%) ($104.31) operates as a diversified technology company with highly engineered products, including turbine propulsion engines, auxiliary power units, turbochargers, brake pads, environmental and combustion controls, sensors, security and life safety products, resins and chemicals, nuclear services, and process technology for the petrochemical and refining industries. One of the key drivers of HON’s growth is that the company is constantly developing new products and services for the marketplace. One new product the company has developed is Solstice. Solstice is a fluorocarbon with zero depleting ozone qualities and negligible impact on global warming. The product will be used in various aerosol applications and in the air conditioning systems of vehicles. Driven by consumer demand and European Union regulation, demand for Solstice is expected to increase significantly. A new service the company is providing is connectivity in airplanes, and in residential, commercial, and industrial buildings. In the airplanes, HON has products across the entire connectivity chain, from hardware to apps and data services, which will provide high speed Internet service. In buildings, the company has a large installed base of devices, including security and fire systems, room controls, and smoke detectors that can be connected with smart devices to increase productivity, efficiency, and safety. These products and services should continue to drive HON’s future earnings higher.
The



             1, 2                                 - View Full Page


Tags: CBS Corp dish network Gabelli Value 25 Fund Grupo Televisa Honeywell International Investment Scorecard Madison Square Garden Republic Services Rogers Communications Sony Swedish Match Viacom







Load Comments












 Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com
 

 



Latest News From ValueWalkUSD vs WTI – Signs Of Returning Of Inverse CorrelationAfter Earnings Miss, Does Amazon Prime Justify The Sky High Multiple?You Can Grow Your Wealth Even When The Market CrashesThat Time Warren Buffett Nearly Became An Early-Stage Biotech Investor 























































The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. Class AAA








Search Gabelli Funds
 
  












OVERVIEW
FUND DETAILS
PRICE & PERFORMANCE
DIVIDEND & TAX INFO





 Fund Factsheet    
	  
	  


Recent Quarterly Report    
        
      

Recent Annual Report    
	  

Statement of Additional Info       
     
        Prospectus       
     
        XBRL
              
     
            Multiclass Info
                  



Fund Overview for Gabelli Value 25 Fund AAA








Objective

    The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. seeks to provide long term capital appreciation.  

Principal Investment Strategies: 
The Fund invests primarily in common stocks which the Adviser believes are undervalued and have the potential to achieve significant capital appreciation. The Fund focuses on securities of companies which appear underpriced relative to their 'private market value'. Private market value is the value the Fund's adviser believes informed investors would be willing to pay for a company. The Fund may also invest in securities for which a tender or exchange offer has been made or announced and in securities of companies for which a merger, consolidation, liquidiation, or similiar reorganization proposal has been announced.  The Fund may also invest in foreign securities. 
The Fund may appeal to you if: 

you are a long-term investor 
you believe that the market will favor value over growth stocks over the long term 
you wish to include a value strategy as a portion of your overall investments
you prefer to invest in a more concentrated portfolio 



 

The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc.



Fund Structure:    Open End


Investment Style:    Focused Value


Inception:    September 29, 1989

 

Class AAA :   GVCAX


Class A :   GABVX


Class C :   GVCCX


Class I :   GVCIX

 

Portfolio Manager 

Mario J. Gabelli, CFA & Christopher J. Marangi






Financial
            Engineering Playbook 
			 Recent White Paper written by Portfolio  Manager Christopher J. Marangi
			






 
Portfolio details
 






                Returns represent past performance and do not guarantee future results. Current performance may be lower
                or higher than the performance data quoted. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so, upon
                redemption, shares may be worth more or less than their original cost. To obtain the most recent month end
                performance information and a prospectus, please call 800-GABELLI or visit www.gabelli.com 

 






Effective December 9, 2013, the Fund changed its name from The Gabelli Value Fund inc. to The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc.
The Fund invests in foreign securities which involves risks not ordinarily associated with investments in domestic issues, including currency fluctuation, economic and political risks. 
The Fund's share price will fluctuate with changes in the market value of the Fund's portfolio securities. Stocks are subject to market, economic and business risks that cause their prices to fluctuate. When you sell Fund shares, they may be worth less than what you paid for them. Consequently, you can lose money by investing in the Fund.

 Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund before investing. The prospectus, which contains more complete information about this and other matters, should be read carefully before investing. To obtain a prospectus, please call 800-GABELLI or visit www.gabelli.com. 
The Gabelli Mutual Funds are distributed by G.distributors, LLC., a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA.

    











  GVCAX Quote - Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc/The - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc/The   GVCAX:US   NASDAQ GM        16.38USD   0.10   0.61%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   13.92 - 16.38    1 Yr Return   12.85%    YTD Return   12.11%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   16.28    52Wk Range   13.92 - 16.38    1 Yr Return   13.21%    YTD Return   12.11%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Value Broad Market    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   16.38    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/27/2017)   470.337    Inception Date   09/29/1989    Last Dividend (on 12/28/2016)   0.0687    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.42%    Fund Managers   MARIO JOSEPH GABELLI / CHRISTOPHER JASON MARANGI    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   2.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.25%    Current Mgmt Fee   1.00%    Expense Ratio   0.40%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        CBS/A:US   CBS Corp    521.00 k 36.67 m 7.80      VIA:US   Viacom Inc    654.00 k 31.88 m 6.78      RSG:US   Republic Services Inc    308.00 k 19.35 m 4.11      SNE:US   Sony Corp    510.00 k 17.20 m 3.66      MSG:US   Madison Square Garden Co/The    81.40 k 16.26 m 3.46      SWMA:SS   Swedish Match AB    479.00 k 15.58 m 3.31      NEM:US   Newmont Mining Corp    411.00 k 13.55 m 2.88      DEO:US   Diageo PLC    117.00 k 13.52 m 2.87      AXP:US   American Express Co    170.00 k 13.45 m 2.86      BK:US   Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T    275.00 k 12.99 m 2.76           Profile   Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in equity securities of companies that the Fund's adviser believes are undervalued and have the potential to achieve significant capital appreciation.    Address  Gabelli Asset Management CoOne Corporate CenterRye, NY 10580-1422USA   Phone  1-800-GABELLI   Website   www.gabelli.com              



GABVX Gabelli Value 25 A Fund GABVX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. 1st Quarter Shareholder Commentary - GuruFocus.com 


















The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. 1st Quarter Shareholder Commentary - GuruFocus.com










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 Holly LaFonArticles (7685) 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. 1st Quarter Shareholder CommentaryReview of holdings and marketsMay 09, 2017 |  About: 
CBS  +0%
HON  +0%
MDLZ  +0%
NFG  +0%
SNE  +0%
TWX  +0%
FOXA  +0%
VIA  +0%
XYL  +0% 



To Our Shareholders,For the quarter ended December 31, 2016, the net asset value (“NAV”) per Class A Share of The Gabelli Value 25 Fund increased 2.0% compared with increases of 3.8% and 8.6% for the Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, respectively. See page 2 for additional performance information.Value Investing “Remains Great” StillWhether it was the Chicago Cubs breaking a 108 year curse to bring home a championship, the United Kingdom defying the odds makers in a vote to exit the European Union, or a gilded New York real estate developer turned reality show star capturing the hearts of Rust Belt Americans, and consequently the White House, 2016 certainly qualifies as an unusual year. The world, depending on your perspective, has been turned upside down or right side up. Everything from longstanding political beliefs to consumer preferences for food and entertainment has shifted. In markets, the long bull market in bonds is ending, and Value appears poised to beat Growth for the first time since 2008. Through these tumultuous times, you can rest assured that at least two things will not change: our implementation of fundamental, bottom-up stock research, combined with the time-tested Private Market Value with a CatalystTM methodology, and our commitment to superior client service.The Year In (P)reviewWhile 2016 was marred by continued unrest in the Middle East and terror incidents around the world, the U.S. presidential election dominated the national conscience to such an extent that it impacted football ratings and retail spending. A conclusion to this quadrennial process (some might say ordeal) and greater political certainty would likely have sparked a market rally no matter who was elected, but the 5% rise in the S&P 500 since November 8 has the potential to rank as the largest market post-election move for a new president since the 1961 inauguration of JFK. The so-called “Trump Rally” has been fueled by the potential for increased fiscal stimulus, lower corporate and individual taxes, and deregulation. Taken together, these elements could drive U.S. GDP growth well above 2%, deferring the inevitable end to the current ninety month old expansion.Barron’s 2017 RoundtableMario J. Gabelli, our Chief Investment Officer, has appeared in the prestigious Barron’s Roundtable discussion annually since 1980. Many of our readers enjoyed the inclusion of selected and edited comments from Barron’s Roundtable in previous reports to shareholders. As is our custom, we are including selected comments of Mario Gabelli (Trades, Portfolio) from Barron’s 2017 Roundtable Part 1 and Part 2, published on January 16 and January 23, 2017, respectively.Mario Gabelli (Trades, Portfolio), head of Gabelli Funds and its parent firm, is a Wall Street legend for good reason. He’s a shrewd thematic investor with a love of deals, an eye for steals, and an encyclopedic knowl-edge of multiple businesses and the people who built them.Speaking of opportunities, how about sharing your ideas, Mario?Gabelli: To echo my comments this morning, in electing Donald Trump, the U.S. is moving away from creeping socialism toward the reinvigoration of capitalism. We are seeing a wave of confidence in America, which will spark a wave of innovation. Individual tax rates could fall from 39% to 33%; a new tax plan could create only three tax tiers, and the earned income credit could rise, returning money to the working class. Also, regulatory reform could help improve the tone of business. The U.S. consumer had a record net worth of $105 tril-lion as of September 30. Minus debt, that's $90 trillion. There are two pockets of concern: auto loans are up substantially in the past ten years, and student loans have bal-looned to $1.3 trillion. That's a big drag.That's the macro backdrop. On stocks, I recommended CBS last year and it rose nicely. I expected CBS to buy Viacom (VIAB), but it didn't happen. Viacom has 397 million shares outstanding. About 50 million are Class A, controlled by the Redstone family's NationalAmusements. The rest are Class B. With the B shares around $38, Viacom has an equity valuation of $15 billion. The enterprise value, including debt, is $25 billion. Viacom's Paramount movie studio is a great brand, but it lost about $400 million last year. It must revi-talize its theatrical and television production, and it will. Viacom could also do some creative financ-ing with Paramount – selling assets, entering joint ventures, and such.Viacom's cable TV networks aren't performing well either. How can the company turn those around?Gabelli: The basic business includes Nickelodeon, MTV, and other networks. The new CEO, Bob Bakish, must trim the portfolio and energize product develop-ment. We look for Viacom to report $13 billion of revenue and $3.7 billion of EBITDA in this fiscal year ending September 30. The stock trades for seven times enterprise value to EBITDA. If I'm Apple (AAPL) and want to get into the entertainment business and have a market cap of $600 billion, Viacom wouldn't be hard to buy. But Shari Redstone [president of National Amusements] likely won't sell.Black: Don't you think Viacom is a value trap? It has been depressed for several years.Gabelli: You are correct. The assets weren't managed right by the previous management team. The company's ratings are starting to improve. Viacom stations, in the aggregate, have more viewers than ESPN, notwithstanding mil-lennials' penchant for cord-cutting [cancellation of cable service]. The stock potentially could double in three years. The rules are chang-ing in the media business. The industry will consolidate globally.Schafer: The problems are priced into the stock.Gabelli: Thank you. A year ago Congress passed the FAST Act – Fixing America's Surface Transportation. Stocks like Astec Industries (ASTE) and Gencor Industries (GENC), which make machinery used in highway con-struction, surged. If we get more visibility on infrastructure spending, vendors to industrial companies will do well. We like the rental equipment business, the Uber of the industry. It is a $47 billion busi-ness in the U.S., growing at 4.5% a year.Which stock are you picking?Gabelli: Herc Holdings (HRI), a rental equipment supplier, was spun out of Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) on July 1, 2016. The company is a work in progress, but should have a significant tail wind if the Trump administration launches a big infrastructure initiative. Herc has an EBITDA margin of 38%. The stock is trading for $40, and the market cap is $1.2 billion. Herc has $2.1 billion of debt, courtesy of Hertz, but it isn't overleveraged.Construction equipment compa-nies also are well positioned. My pick today is CNH Industrial (CNHI), formerly Case New Holland. The company has 1.36 million shares, and the stock is trading for about $9. Exor, the Agnelli family's holding company, controls CNH since its merger with Fiat Industrial in 2013. CNH has a large global presence in the con-struction equipment business. It is also known for farming equipment and engines. Profits have been slim in the construction business, but that could change. CNH recent-ly struck a deal with Hyundai Heavy Industries [009540.Korea Stock Exchange] to make mini excavators. Through the Fiat merger, it owns Iveco, a European truck maker. The class A truck market in Europe is improving. The stock could double in the next two years.About ten years ago, I identified the single-serve coffee market as an exciting growth opportunity.You were hardly alone.billion business, and sparkling water is the fastest growing subset. It is growing by 30% a year. LaCroix gets significant floor space at grocers, and has a 13% market share in its category.Cohen: What are the profit margins on this?Gabelli: Let me give you the math first. The fiscal year ends April 30. National Beverage has been rolling up beverage companies. It bought the Shasta brand – which is popular in the West – and Faygo, and others. Energy drinks are a small part of the business. LaCroix should generate $340 million in revenue this fiscal year, and $90 million of EBITDA, so the profit margin isn't as high as you would expect. The CEO is tax-sensitive. The company declared a dividend of $1.50 a share in late November, but it isn't payable until Jan. 27, after Trump becomes president. If Congress abolishes the estate tax, and the tax on long term capital gains comes down, would he be likely to sell the company? I doubt it. But eventually Coca-Cola (KO) or PepsiCo (PEP) or Dr Pepper Snapple Group (DPS) will knock on the door.Rogers: Is LaCroix nationally distributed?Gabelli: Yes, more or less. National Beverage has significant bottling capacity. LaCroix is their premier brand.LaCroix's revenue could rise to $670 million over the next several years, driving overall revenue to more than $1.1 billion. Shasta is doing okay, and the other brands are small. National Beverage is likely to earn $2 a share this year, rising to $2.45 in the year ending April 2018. Capital expenditure is de minimis, maybe $11 million. The company doesn't put money into trucks or delivery routes.Priest: What is the market cap?Gabelli: Today, I like the prospects for sparkling water — in particular, National Beverage (FIZZ), which markets LaCroix. The company is based in Florida and has 47 million shares outstanding. The stock sells for $49. The CEO, Nick Caporella, is 80.Sugary soft drinks are perceived to be bad for you, and in some places they're being taxed. But LaCroix has no sugar or additives. Carbonated soft drinks are a $90 Gabelli: It is about $2.5 billion. We look for new products and new channels of distribution. The one I kick myself for is Amazon.com (AMZN). If only we'd known Jeffrey Bezos [Amazon's founder] back when he worked on Wall Street.Moving on to the booze market, known as spirits in the trade, we own Davide Campari-Milano [CPR.Italian Stock Exchange]. It is selling for €9.30 and has 580 million shares outstanding. The Garavoglia family owns 50% of the company, but it is professionally managed. Management uses cash flow smartly. Campari will have about €2 billion of revenue in the current year. The company owns a number of brands, including Campari, Wild Turkey bourbon, Aperol, and Skyy Vodka. It recently bought Grand Marnier. Campari acquires niche brands globally; they are huge cash generators with high gross profit margins.Give us the numbers, please.Gabelli: In 2017, EBITDA including Grand Marnier could total €470 million. The U.S. accounts for 25% of revenue. Italy is also 25%.Next, millennials want experiences; they don't want goods. They are a sharing society. They go to con-certs and other forms of live entertainment. They go to Burning Man and Coachella. Think about Las Vegas, which is undergoing a new life cycle. About 50 years ago, it attracted gamblers. Then it went into the family entertainment busi-ness. Now Las Vegas is a big Standard & Poor's 500. Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio) and Malone are the two most tax-sensitive CEOs I have ever encountered. Their philoso-phy is pay less, pay later, or pay nothing. Buffett doesn't advertise it, but Malone is upfront about it. Malone has about $7 billion of his own money tied up in Liberty-related companies.Last April, Liberty created a track-ing stock called Liberty Braves Group [BATRK], which represents an investment in the Atlanta Braves. Now you can buy a base-ball team at a discount. Liberty Braves also has a real estate busi-ness that owns 82 acres in Georgia. The stock began trading around $17. It now trades at $20.Live Nation Entertainment (LYV) is another play on interest in live events. Liberty Media owns 35%. Live Nation has 201 million shares; it closed Friday [Jan. 6] at $27. The company has about $1.8 billion in net debt. It is a concert promoter and ticket seller. It owns Ticketmaster. The company could have about $700 million of EBITDA in 2017.Is that all, Mario?Gabelli: Mueller Water Products (MWA) has 161 million shares out-standing, and trades for $13. It has no debt.Witmer: Do you like the manage-ment team?Gabelli: That's why I'm recommending it. They just hired a new CEO from Textron (TXT). He's taking over a company with $800 million of revenue; $200 million comes from fire hydrants, and $500 million from valves. EBITDA is about $275 million, and capex is $25 million to $30 million. Those are the kinds of things I like. Today, the company announced the sale of its Anvil International piping system division.There are so many attractive com-panies when you think about how a 25% tax rate would boost earnings. We expect more corporate take-overs, too. Romance is in the air.Let's leave things there.Thanks, Mario. Corporate tax reform has been on the Washington agenda for many years, but with the Executive and Legislative branches in the hands of one party, it could finally become a reality. With many details to be reconciled, a reduction in corporate tax rates from 35% to 25%, or even lower, combined with a change to the current global system that taxes profits wherever they are earned, should lead to higher earnings. Similarly, a reduction in individual tax brackets and rates has the potential to stoke consumption and increase the incentive for work. Both of these reforms will have to be accompanied by offsetting limits to deductions, including the potential elimination of the deductibility of corporate interest expense, which could have broad consequences and somewhat limit the impact of lower rates. Increased fiscal stimulus, in the form of increased infrastructure and defense spending should also boost GDP growth, but may be limited by Republican concerns about the size of the deficit and the practical scarcity of shovel-ready projects. Finally, a rollback in the regulatory creep of the Obama years seems most assured. A redesign of the healthcare system, a loosening of Dodd-Frank rules governing the banking system, a lighter touch toward Internet regulation, a different approach to domestic energy production and transportation, and a more accommodative vision for anti-trust enforcement appear to have awakened the animal spirits of the business community.Trump as PresidentTrump will make mistakes, as all Presidents do. For better or worse, our federal constitutional system, with the checks and balances of Congress and the courts, and power dispersed through the states modulates change by design. As we witness the evolution of candidate Trump into President-elect Trump, he has gathered some controversial but well-seasoned advisors, and seems humbled by the majesty of the office. Three areas bear continued watching. Protectionism is bad for consumers and businesses alike, but “free” trade is not always “fair” trade, and doesn’t mean that the President shouldn’t attempt to negotiate better deals with our trading partners. Second, a geopolitical crisis is a near certainty over the next four years – how will Trump balance a desire to project a strong America with a distaste for foreign entanglements? Lastly, it is worth noting that candidates who are populists are usually not unwaveringly pro-business; CEOs in all sectors should be alert for Twitter bombs, the modern form of jawboning, such as those lobbed by the incoming President at the pharmaceutical industry and several defense contractors.Tailwinds and HeadwindsPresident Trump will inherit several interrelated macroeconomic shifts that were already in motion before the election and accentuated by its aftermath: higher interest rates, a stronger dollar, and increased inflation expectations. The ten-year U.S. Treasury note rose from a low of 1.4% in July to 2.5% at the time of this writing, while the dollar has strengthened against its trade weighted basket by about 5% over the same time frame. The Federal Reserve has signaled a willingness to raise rates multiple times in 2017. A divergence in monetary policy from still dovish central banks in Europe and Japan, not to mention a fraying of the European Union, will continue to propel the dollar and reduce the competitiveness of U.S. exports, an outcome neither Chairman Janet Yellen nor the new administration will relish. A tightening labor market and the promised fiscal stimulus may however, force the hand of the Fed. With all else equal, higher interest rates and accelerating inflation are bad for all asset classes, including equities. But all else is never equal. The question is whether GDP, and consequently, earnings growth will accelerate enough to overcome the natural governors of higher rates (felt in the form of higher borrowing costs) and inflation (felt in the form of reduced purchasing power). Put simply, earnings estimates for S&P 500 may be revised upward, but may not overcome the pressure of a reduction in the market multiple, which at over 17x is already above historical norms. Much as it is foolish to underestimate the dynamic nature of the economy, one cannot generalize changes in the political economic environment to all industries. This has spurred a “Great Rotation” in the equity market markets, especially since the election, from Growth to Value, non-cyclical to cyclical, and large cap to small cap stocks. To the extent that financial companies are overrepresented in value indices, all of these shifts can be understood as the pendulum swinging to those companies most levered to tax reform and domestic stimulus and least exposed to currency and trade disruptions. Indeed the FANG stocks (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google/Alphabet (0.2% of net assets as of December 31, 2016)) that dominated returns in 2015 trail the market slightly this year (up a weighted average ~8.7%) and appear out of favor both in Washington and on Wall Street. What remains to be seen is whether the virtuous (vicious if you are a Value investor) cycle of flows into passive ETFs and these names has been broken.(Y)our Portfolio: Deals, Deals & More DealsWe believe we are generally well positioned for almost any economic environment, including the inflationary one described above. Our holdings tend to be domestically focused, with strong franchises and often pricing power. We have never been top-down allocators trying to chase every trend. Rather, we rely on fundamental bottom-up research, informed by our view of the shifting political economic tides. We purchase and hold securities trading at discounts to their Private Market Values appropriate for their level of risk, and seek to identify one or more catalysts that could close that valuation gap. Industry consolidation, financial engineering (e.g. spin-offs), changes in management, and changes in regulation are just a few catalysts in which the portfolio is rich.2016 in BriefSpinoff activity was healthy in 2016, though down from 2014 and 2015. Notable spinoffs in the portfolio include the separation of Hertz’s equipment rental unit (HERC) from the car rental business; the spinoff of Honeywell’s (2.7% of net assets as of December 31, 2016) nylon business, AdvanSix; the spinoff of Johnson Controls’ (1.0%) automotive interiors business, Adient; and the continued transformation of ConAgra under CEO Sean Connolly, with its spinoff of potato processor Lamb Weston.As could be expected, Dr. John Malone contributed to our list of new securities with the spin-off of Liberty Expedia (0.1%) from Liberty Ventures and the issuance of three new tracker stocks: Liberty SiriusXM (0.8%), representing a 64% stake in SiriusXM radio; Liberty Brave (0.3%), representing ownership of the Atlanta Braves baseball club and related real estate; and Liberty Media (0.1%), accounting for a variety of public and private assets including a 35% stake in Live Nation Entertainment. It is worth noting that prior spins provide fertile ground for deals, as illustrated by the involvement of a spin-off parent or child in so many transactions below.We were the beneficiaries of another strong year of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) as well. Two deals announced in 2015 involving significant holdings – the long-awaited purchase of Cablevision and Carl Icahn (Trades, Portfolio)’s purchase of Pep Boys – closed during 2016. January began with Johnson Controls agreeing to acquire Tyco International in a $14 billion stock deal. This was followed in February by Apollo’s agreement to acquire ADT, the home security spinoff of Tyco, for $42 in cash. Both transactions have closed. Other announced deals include Couche-Tard’s $48.53 cash offer for CST Brands (0.6%), the convenience store spinoff of Valero, and German chemical manufacturer Lanxess AG’s $33.50 cash offer for Chemtura (0.2%). The biggest merger of the year belongs to AT&T, which, after acquiring satellite distributor DIRECTV from us in 2015, set its sights on leading content producer and serial financial engineer Time Warner (2.5%). AT&T has agreed to pay $107.50 in cash and stock in a transaction that will garner scrutiny in Washington, but we think is likely to succeed. Finally, at the time of this writing, there is speculation that 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway/Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio) have identified their next meal in the global food space – Mondelez (1.0%), which was formerly part of 3G’s current acquisition vehicle, Kraft-Heinz.In our view, more accommodative regulatory agencies, a potential windfall of repatriated offshore cash, and historically low but prospectively higher interest rates should continue to drive M&A and benefit our style of investing.Investment ScorecardThe largest contributor to performance in 2016 was CBS Corp. (7.6% of net assets as of December 31, 2016) (+25%), which, despite suspending a potential tie-up with Viacom (5.7%), continued to perform very well as a standalone content company under Leslie Moonves. As discussed above, Time Warner (+52%) agreed to be acquired by AT&T for $107.50 in cash and stock and was a strong contributor to performance. Companies exposed to infrastructure investment such as Xylem (2.0%) (+36%), aerospace and defense spending such as Crane Co (1.8%) (+54%) and Honeywell (+15%), and improving energy fundamentals such as Circor (2.0%) (+54%) and National Fuel Gas (2.7%) (+36%) performed well. Finally, despite a pullback late in the fourth quarter, gold miner Newmont Mining (3.2%) (+90%) was up sharply for the year.Detractors from performance included U.S. media companies Viacom (-10%) and AMC Networks (1.1%) (-30%). Mexico-based Grupo Televisa (1.1%) (-23%) and Fomento Economico (“Femsa”) (1.1%) (-16%) suffered over concerns about the peso and the outlook for Mexican growth under President Trump. Liberty Interactive (1.1%) (-27%), the owner of multichannel shopping network QVC, suffered its first quarterly sales decline in the U.S. in nearly seven years.Let’s Talk StocksThe following are stock specifics on selected holdings of our Fund. Favorable earnings prospects do not necessarily translate into higher stock prices, but they do express a positive trend that we believe will develop over time. Individual securities mentioned are not necessarily representative of the entire portfolio. For the following holdings, the share prices are listed first in United States dollars (USD) and second in the local currency, where applicable, and are presented as of December 30, 2016.CBS Corp.(7.6% of net assets as of December 31, 2016)(CBS–$64.65–NYSE) (NYSE:CBS) operates the CBS television network and the premium cable network Showtime. It also owns 29 local television stations and 130 radio stations. We believe that CBS has a number of opportunities to generate incremental non-advertising revenue from the sale of existing content through its OTT platforms, online video distributors and retransmission agreements with traditional distributors. In addition, we expect a continued recovery in advertising to contribute to earnings growth. Finally, we believe that financial engineering, including the split-off of its radio business, could act as a catalyst for shares. Honeywell International Inc.(2.7%)(HON–$115.85–NYSE) (NYSE:HON) operates as a diversified technology company with highly engineered products, including turbine propulsion engines, auxiliary power units, turbochargers, brake pads, environmental and combustion controls, sensors, security and life safety products, resins and chemicals, nuclear services, and process technology for the petrochemical and refining industries. One of the key drivers of HON’s growth is acquisitions that increase the company’s growth profile globally, creating both organic and inorganic opportunities. The company recently acquired Elster Industries, a leading provider of thermal gas solutions, smart meters, software and data analytics for the commercial, industrial and residential heating market. Elster’s gas business offers products in high demand among natural gas customers and brings a strong, global distribution network and numerous cross-selling opportunities for existing HON technologies to new customers. Elster’s gas, electric, and water meters are highly valued for their reliability, safety and accuracy. The company maintains an installed base of more than 200 million meter modules deployed over the course of the last 10 years that generate significant recurring revenues. We believe acquisitions such as Elster should drive meaningful and sustained growth for HON spurred by global energy efficiency initiatives and natural resource management.-Mondelez International Inc.(1.0%)(MDLZ – $44.33 –NASDAQ) (NASDAQ:MDLZ), headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois, is the renamed Kraft Foods Inc. following the tax-free spin-off to shareholders of the North American grocery business on October 1, 2012. Following the contribution of coffee into a new joint venture, nearly 85% of Mondelēz’s $27 billion of revenue is derived from snacking, including leading brands such as Oreo, LU and Ritz biscuits, Trident gum, and Cadbury and Milka chocolates. On July 2, 2015 Mondelēz combined its coffee business with D.E Master Blenders 1753 to form a new coffee company, Jacobs Douwe Egberts. Subsequently, MDLZ exchanged part of its stake in this coffee joint venture for 24% ownership in Keurig Green Mountain, which was acquired by an investor group led by JAB Holding Co. in March 2016. This narrows the company’s product focus, as only 15% of revenue will be outside snacks — mostly Tang beverages and other products including Philadelphia cream cheese, which management may look to divest in the future as it executes on its plan to accelerate growth and improve margins in the faster growing snack business. On June 30, Hershey confirmed that it received and rejected a preliminary indication of interest from Mondelēz to acquire Hershey for $107 per share in cash and stock, demonstrating Mondelēz’s continued interest in pursuing acquisitions while remaining an independent company.National Fuel Gas Co. (2.7%)(NFG – $56.64 –NYSE)(NYSE:NFG) is a diversified natural gas company. NFG owns a regulated gas utility serving the region around Buffalo, New York, gas pipelines that move gas between the Midwest and Canada and from the Marcellus to the Northeast, gathering and processing systems, and an oil and gas exploration and production business. NFG’s regulated utility and pipeline businesses, as well as its California oil production business, provide stable earnings and cash flows to support the dividend, while the natural gas production business offers significant upside potential. While natural gas prices have been depressed over the past few years, NFG’s ownership of 800,000 net acres in Pennsylvania, including 780,000 acres in the Marcellus Shale, holds enormous natural gas reserve potential and the company has proven to be among the lower cost producers. We continue to expect above average long term earnings and cash flow growth from improving gas prices, growing gas production and strategically located pipeline expansion. The company has increased its dividend for 46 consecutive years. In addition, NFG is considering corporate restructuring alternatives, including an MLP of its midstream assets. Sony Corp. (3.2%)(SNE–$28.03–NYSE)(NYSE:SNE) is a diversified electronics and entertainment company based in Tokyo, Japan. The company manufactures televisions, PlayStation game consoles, mobile phone handsets, and cameras. It also operates the Columbia film studio and Sony Music entertainment group. We expect the new PlayStation launch and operational improvements in consumer electronics and entertainment to generate EBITDA growth through 2018. We also think the spinoff of the entertainment assets could be a catalyst.Time Warner Inc. (2.5%) (TWX – $96.53 – NYSE) (NYSE:TWX), located in New York, New York, is a diversified media company with operations in cable networks through HBO, TNT, TBS & CNN, and film & television production. We like the company’s cable networks, high margins and low capital intensity. We believe the AT&T-Time Warner transaction will close, and expect limited downside were the government to block the deal.Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.(1.3%)(FOXA–$28.04–NASDAQ) (NASDAQ:FOXA),(0.5%)(FOX–$27.25–NASDAQ) is a diversified media company with operations in cable network television, television broadcasting, filmed entertainment, and direct broadcast satellite television. Cable networks account for 70% of the company’s EBITDA, and benefit from contractually recurring affiliate fees and exposure to the fast growing global pay television market. We also expect the company to benefit from rising demand for premium content, driven by emerging distribution platforms such as Netflix, retransmission revenue, and aggressive share repurchases.Viacom Inc.(5.7%)(VIA–$38.50–NASDAQ)(NASDAQ:VIA) is a pure-play content company that owns a global stable of cable networks, including MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, VH1, BET, and the Paramount movie studio. Viacom’s cable networks generate revenue from advertising sales, fixed monthly subscriber fees, and ancillary revenue from toy licensing, etc. We believe a low valuation and M&A potential outweigh the secular risks of cord-cutting.Xylem Inc.(2.0%)(XYL–$49.52–NYSE)(NYSE:XYL) is a global leader in the design, manufacturing, and application of highly engineered technologies for the transportation, treatment, measurement, and testing of water. The company is expected to benefit from favorable long term fundamentals in the water industry, driven by scarcity, population growth, aging of the infrastructure, and the need to improve water quality. Further, with a large installed base of pumps and systems, the company is well positioned to increase aftermarket revenue, which currently represents roughly 40% of total revenues. XYL is expected to generate 8%-12% earnings per share growth through 2020, as it accelerates its capital deployment strategy globally. The company recently acquired Sensus, a leading manufacturer of smart metering equipment and technologies, for $1.7 billion.ConclusionAlthough 2016 has left prognosticators with egg on their faces and eating crow, 2017 promises to be another eventful year, with key votes among European Union members and the unfolding of policies at home. Those who bemoan the election of Donald J. Trump should take solace and those who cheer his election should take pause - the president’s authority extends only so far. Neither the economic cycle nor the curse of demographics can be repealed, and factors such as interest rates, debt levels, and productivity respond only marginally to the party in power. America has been and remains great, but could always be better. Likewise, we strive for continuous improvement. As always, we thank you for your trust and we look forward to what the future brings. PostscriptIn closing, we thought you would enjoy Alexis de Tocqueville’s description of presidential elections from his classic Democracy In America (1835) as you reflect on the year that has been and the vibrancy of our American experiment.For a long while before the appointed time has come, the election becomes important and, so to speak, the all-engrossing topic of discussion. Factional ardor is redoubled, and all the artificial passions which the imagination can create in a happy and peaceful land are agitated and brought to light…As the election draws near, the activity of intrigue and the agitation of the populace increase; the citizens are divided into hostile camps, each of which assumes the name of its favorite candidate; the whole nation glows with feverish excitement; the election is the daily theme of the press, the subject of private conversation, the end of every thought and every action, the sole interest of the present. It is true that as soon as the choice is determined, this ardor is dispelled, calm returns, and the river, which had nearly broken its banks, sinks to its usual level; but who can refrain from astonishment that such a storm should have arisen?In de Tocqueville’s native tongue, plusçachange,plusc’estlamêmechose.January 6, 2017 Note: The views expressed in this Shareholder Commentary reflect those of the Portfolio Managers only through the end of the period stated in this Shareholder Commentary. The Portfolio Managers’ views are subject to change at any time based on market and other conditions. The information in this Portfolio Managers’ Shareholder Commentary represents the opinions of the individual Portfolio Managers and is not intended to be a forecast of future events, a guarantee of future results, or investment advice. Views expressed are those of the Portfolio Managers and may differ from those of other portfolio managers or of the Firm as a whole. This Shareholder Commentary does not constitute an offer of any transaction in any securities. Any recommendation contained herein may not be suitable for all investors. Information contained in this Shareholder Commentary has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but cannot be guaranteed.
Also check out: Mario Gabelli Undervalued Stocks
Mario Gabelli Top Growth Companies
Mario Gabelli High Yield stocks, and
Stocks that Mario Gabelli keeps buying






  Currently 5.00/512345  Rating:  5.0/5 (1 vote)  Voters:


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with CBS Corp $CBS.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  Holly LaFon




→User
            Generated Screeners

rharmelinkDividend Champions with WeeklyzebulonminStandardsrael22226pbarker46Big dividend stockshsaabJulyrael222212rael222211liuzishuknown guru 12DBrizangordongwth 28Jul2017liuzishuconc&low turn guru

→CBS Price Chart





$67.43 (1y: +29%)



→Guru NewsDaniel Loeb’s 2 New Stocks by Holly LaFonAudiobook Is Released: 'Invest Like a Guru' by GuruFocusNew Home Sales Up in June by David GoodloeNot Your Grandfather’s AT&T by Chuck Carnevale→Value IdeasLindsay Corp (LNN) President and CEO Rick Parod Sold $7.1 million of Shares by insiderHewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) CEO Margaret C Whitman Sold $6.9 million of Shares by insiderPillar Pacific Capital Management Llc Buys Weibo Corp, Symantec Corp, Facebook Inc, Sells International Paper Co, Express Scripts Holding Co, LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE by insiderCardinal Capital Management Buys Novartis AG, Sally Beauty Holdings Inc, Sanofi SA, Sells PetMed Express Inc by insider→ More By Holly LaFonTweedy Browne Comments on Nestle - Jul 28, 2017
FPA Capital Comments on Amazon - Jul 28, 2017
FPA Capital Comments on Allegiant Travel - Jul 28, 2017
FPA Capital Comments on Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises - Jul 28, 2017
→Guru InterviewsPodcast Episode 3: Healthcare Investing Pro Mindy Perry by Holly LaFonPodcast Episode 4: Interview With Legendary Investor Jean-Marie Eveillard by Holly LaFon23 Questions With the Founder of WayUndervalued.com by PJ PahygiannisGuruFocus Interview: Orbimed Guru Sam Isaly on Investing in New Era of Healthcare by Holly LaFon→Top Ranked ArticlesSome Thoughts on Holding Cash by The Science of HittingBerkshire and Blue Chip Stamps by The Science of HittingMohnish Pabrai Crushing It With 2 Best-Performing Car Companies, Ferrari and Fiat by Holly LaFonSome Signs of 'Competitive Pressures' in Credit by The Science of Hitting
→You May Also LikeMario Gabelli Discusses Banks, Potential Next Fed Chair on BloombergMario Gabelli Takes a Business Buyer's PerspectiveMario Gabelli Continues to Buy These 9 StocksMario Gabelli Comments on Rockwell AutomationMario Gabelli Comments on PNC Financial Services Group Inc.



 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. 1st Quarter Shareholder CommentaryHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)The Gabelli Value 25 Fund Inc. 1st Quarter Shareholder CommentaryGuruFocus.comMay 9, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare- By Holly LaFon To Our Shareholders,For the quarter ended December 31, 2016, the net asset value ("NAV") per Class A Share of The Gabelli Value 25 Fund increased 2.0% compared with increases of 3.8% and 8.6% for the Standard & Poor's ("S&P") 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, respectively. See page 2 for additional performance information.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Sign with CBS. Click here to check it out. CBS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CBSPeter Lynch Chart of CBSValue Investing "Remains Great" StillWhether it was the Chicago Cubs breaking a 108 year curse to bring home a championship, the United Kingdom defying the odds makers in a vote to exit the European Union, or a gilded New York real estate developer turned reality show star capturing the hearts of Rust Belt Americans, and consequently the White House, 2016 certainly qualifies as an unusual year. The world, depending on your perspective, has been turned upside down or right side up. Everything from longstanding political beliefs to consumer preferences for food and entertainment has shifted. In markets, the long bull market in bonds is ending, and Value appears poised to beat Growth for the first time since 2008. Through these tumultuous times, you can rest assured that at least two things will not change: our implementation of fundamental, bottom-up stock research, combined with the time-tested Private Market Value with a CatalystTM methodology, and our commitment to superior client service.The Year In (P)reviewWhile 2016 was marred by continued unrest in the Middle East and terror incidents around the world, the U.S. presidential election dominated the national conscience to such an extent that it impacted football ratings and retail spending. A conclusion to this quadrennial process (some might say ordeal) and greater political certainty would likely have sparked a market rally no matter who was elected, but the 5% rise in the S&P 500 since November 8 has the potential to rank as the largest market post-election move for a new president since the 1961 inauguration of JFK. The so-called "Trump Rally" has been fueled by the potential for increased fiscal stimulus, lower corporate and individual taxes, and deregulation. Taken together, these elements could drive U.S. GDP growth well above 2%, deferring the inevitable end to the current ninety month old expansion.Barron's 2017 RoundtableMario J. Gabelli, our Chief Investment Officer, has appeared in the prestigious Barron's Roundtable discussion annually since 1980. Many of our readers enjoyed the inclusion of selected and edited comments from Barron's Roundtable in previous reports to shareholders. As is our custom, we are including selected comments of Mario Gabelli (Trades, Portfolio) from Barron's 2017 Roundtable Part 1 and Part 2, published on January 16 and January 23, 2017, respectively.Mario Gabelli (Trades, Portfolio), head of Gabelli Funds and its parent firm, is a Wall Street legend for good reason. He's a shrewd thematic investor with a love of deals, an eye for steals, and an encyclopedic knowl-edge of multiple businesses and the people who built them.Speaking of opportunities, how about sharing your ideas, Mario?Gabelli: To echo my comments this morning, in electing Donald Trump, the U.S. is moving away from creeping socialism toward the reinvigoration of capitalism. We are seeing a wave of confidence in America, which will spark a wave of innovation. Individual tax rates could fall from 39% to 33%; a new tax plan could create only three tax tiers, and the earned income credit could rise, returning money to the working class. Also, regulatory reform could help improve the tone of business. The U.S. consumer had a record net worth of $105 tril-lion as of September 30. Minus debt, that's $90 trillion. There are two pockets of concern: auto loans are up substantially in the past ten years, and student loans have bal-looned to $1.3 trillion. That's a big drag.That's the macro backdrop. On stocks, I recommended CBS last year and it rose nicely. I expected CBS to buy Viacom (VIAB), but it didn't happen. Viacom has 397 million shares outstanding. About 50 million are Class A, controlled by the Redstone family's NationalAmusements. The rest are Class B. With the B shares around $38, Viacom has an equity valuation of $15 billion. The enterprise value, including debt, is $25 billion. Viacom's Paramount movie studio is a great brand, but it lost about $400 million last year. It must revi-talize its theatrical and television production, and it will. Viacom could also do some creative financ-ing with Paramount - selling assets, entering joint ventures, and such.Viacom's cable TV networks aren't performing well either. How can the company turn those around?Gabelli: The basic business includes Nickelodeon, MTV, and other networks. The new CEO, Bob Bakish, must trim the portfolio and energize product develop-ment. We look for Viacom to report $13 billion of revenue and $3.7 billion of EBITDA in this fiscal year ending September 30. The stock trades for seven times enterprise value to EBITDA. If I'm Apple (AAPL) and want to get into the entertainment business and have a market cap of $600 billion, Viacom wouldn't be hard to buy. But Shari Redstone [president of National Amusements] likely won't sell.Black: Don't you think Viacom is a value trap? It has been depressed for several years.Gabelli: You are correct. The assets weren't managed right by the previous management team. The company's ratings are starting to improve. Viacom stations, in the aggregate, have more viewers than ESPN, notwithstanding mil-lennials' penchant for cord-cutting [cancellation of cable service]. The stock potentially could double in three years. The rules are chang-ing in the media business. The industry will consolidate globally.Schafer: The problems are priced into the stock.Gabelli: Thank you. A year ago Congress passed the FAST Act - Fixing America's Surface Transportation. Stocks like Astec Industries (ASTE) and Gencor Industries (GENC), which make machinery used in highway con-struction, surged. If we get more visibility on infrastructure spending, vendors to industrial companies will do well. We like the rental equipment business, the Uber of the industry. It is a $47 billion busi-ness in the U.S., growing at 4.5% a year.Which stock are you picking?Gabelli: Herc Holdings (HRI), a rental equipment supplier, was spun out of Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) on July 1, 2016. The company is a work in progress, but should have a significant tail wind if the Trump administration launches a big infrastructure initiative. Herc has an EBITDA margin of 38%. The stock is trading for $40, and the market cap is $1.2 billion. Herc has $2.1 billion of debt, courtesy of Hertz, but it isn't overleveraged.Construction equipment compa-nies also are well positioned. My pick today is CNH Industrial (CNHI), formerly Case New Holland. The company has 1.36 million shares, and the stock is trading for about $9. Exor, the Agnelli family's holding company, controls CNH since its merger with Fiat Industrial in 2013. CNH has a large global presence in the con-struction equipment business. It is also known for farming equipment and engines. Profits have been slim in the construction business, but that could change. CNH recent-ly struck a deal with Hyundai Heavy Industries [009540.Korea Stock Exchange] to make mini excavators. Through the Fiat merger, it owns Iveco, a European truck maker. The class A truck market in Europe is improving. The stock could double in the next two years.About ten years ago, I identified the single-serve coffee market as an exciting growth opportunity.You were hardly alone.billion business, and sparkling water is the fastest growing subset. It is growing by 30% a year. LaCroix gets significant floor space at grocers, and has a 13% market share in its category.Cohen: What are the profit margins on this?Gabelli: Let me give you the math first. The fiscal year ends April 30. National Beverage has been rolling up beverage companies. It bought the Shasta brand - which is popular in the West - and Faygo, and others. Energy drinks are a small part of the business. LaCroix should generate $340 million in revenue this fiscal year, and $90 million of EBITDA, so the profit margin isn't as high as you would expect. The CEO is tax-sensitive. The company declared a dividend of $1.50 a share in late November, but it isn't payable until Jan. 27, after Trump becomes president. If Congress abolishes the estate tax, and the tax on long term capital gains comes down, would he be likely to sell the company? I doubt it. But eventually Coca-Cola (KO) or PepsiCo (PEP) or Dr Pepper Snapple Group (DPS) will knock on the door.Rogers: Is LaCroix nationally distributed?Gabelli: Yes, more or less. National Beverage has significant bottling capacity. LaCroix is their premier brand.LaCroix's revenue could rise to $670 million over the next several years, driving overall revenue to more than $1.1 billion. Shasta is doing okay, and the other brands are small. National Beverage is likely to earn $2 a share this year, rising to $2.45 in the year ending April 2018. Capital expenditure is de minimis, maybe $11 million. The company doesn't put money into trucks or delivery routes.Priest: What is the market cap?Gabelli: Today, I like the prospects for sparkling water -- in particular, National Beverage (FIZZ), which markets LaCroix. The company is based in Florida and has 47 million shares outstanding. The stock sells for $49. The CEO, Nick Caporella, is 80.Sugary soft drinks are perceived to be bad for you, and in some places they're being taxed. But LaCroix has no sugar or additives. Carbonated soft drinks are a $90 Gabelli: It is about $2.5 billion. We look for new products and new channels of distribution. The one I kick myself for is Amazon.com (AMZN). If only we'd known Jeffrey Bezos [Amazon's founder] back when he worked on Wall Street.Moving on to the booze market, known as spirits in the trade, we own Davide Campari-Milano [CPR.Italian Stock Exchange]. It is selling for EUR9.30 and has 580 million shares outstanding. The Garavoglia family owns 50% of the company, but it is professionally managed. Management uses cash flow smartly. Campari will have about EUR2 billion of revenue in the current year. The company owns a number of brands, including Campari, Wild Turkey bourbon, Aperol, and Skyy Vodka. It recently bought Grand Marnier. Campari acquires niche brands globally; they are huge cash generators with high gross profit margins.Give us the numbers, please.Gabelli: In 2017, EBITDA including Grand Marnier could total EUR470 million. The U.S. accounts for 25% of revenue. Italy is also 25%.Next, millennials want experiences; they don't want goods. They are a sharing society. They go to con-certs and other forms of live entertainment. They go to Burning Man and Coachella. Think about Las Vegas, which is undergoing a new life cycle. About 50 years ago, it attracted gamblers. Then it went into the family entertainment busi-ness. Now Las Vegas is a big Standard & Poor's 500. Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio) and Malone are the two most tax-sensitive CEOs I have ever encountered. Their philoso-phy is pay less, pay later, or pay nothing. Buffett doesn't advertise it, but Malone is upfront about it. Malone has about $7 billion of his own money tied up in Liberty-related companies.Last April, Liberty created a track-ing stock called Liberty Braves Group [BATRK], which represents an investment in the Atlanta Braves. Now you can buy a base-ball team at a discount. Liberty Braves also has a real estate busi-ness that owns 82 acres in Georgia. The stock began trading around $17. It now trades at $20.Live Nation Entertainment (LYV) is another play on interest in live events. Liberty Media owns 35%. Live Nation has 201 million shares; it closed Friday [Jan. 6] at $27. The company has about $1.8 billion in net debt. It is a concert promoter and ticket seller. It owns Ticketmaster. The company could have about $700 million of EBITDA in 2017.Is that all, Mario?Gabelli: Mueller Water Products (MWA) has 161 million shares out-standing, and trades for $13. It has no debt.Witmer: Do you like the manage-ment team?Gabelli: That's why I'm recommending it. They just hired a new CEO from Textron (TXT). He's taking over a company with $800 million of revenue; $200 million comes from fire hydrants, and $500 million from valves. EBITDA is about $275 million, and capex is $25 million to $30 million. Those are the kinds of things I like. Today, the company announced the sale of its Anvil International piping system division.There are so many attractive com-panies when you think about how a 25% tax rate would boost earnings. We expect more corporate take-overs, too. Romance is in the air.Let's leave things there.Thanks, Mario. Corporate tax reform has been on the Washington agenda for many years, but with the Executive and Legislative branches in the hands of one party, it could finally become a reality. With many details to be reconciled, a reduction in corporate tax rates from 35% to 25%, or even lower, combined with a change to the current global system that taxes profits wherever they are earned, should lead to higher earnings. Similarly, a reduction in individual tax brackets and rates has the potential to stoke consumption and increase the incentive for work. Both of these reforms will have to be accompanied by offsetting limits to deductions, including the potential elimination of the deductibility of corporate interest expense, which could have broad consequences and somewhat limit the impact of lower rates. Increased fiscal stimulus, in the form of increased infrastructure and defense spending should also boost GDP growth, but may be limited by Republican concerns about the size of the deficit and the practical scarcity of shovel-ready projects. Finally, a rollback in the regulatory creep of the Obama years seems most assured. A redesign of the healthcare system, a loosening of Dodd-Frank rules governing the banking system, a lighter touch toward Internet regulation, a different approach to domestic energy production and transportation, and a more accommodative vision for anti-trust enforcement appear to have awakened the animal spirits of the business community.Trump as PresidentTrump will make mistakes, as all Presidents do. For better or worse, our federal constitutional system, with the checks and balances of Congress and the courts, and power dispersed through the states modulates change by design. As we witness the evolution of candidate Trump into President-elect Trump, he has gathered some controversial but well-seasoned advisors, and seems humbled by the majesty of the office. Three areas bear continued watching. Protectionism is bad for consumers and businesses alike, but "free" trade is not always "fair" trade, and doesn't mean that the President shouldn't attempt to negotiate better deals with our trading partners. Second, a geopolitical crisis is a near certainty over the next four years - how will Trump balance a desire to project a strong America with a distaste for foreign entanglements? Lastly, it is worth noting that candidates who are populists are usually not unwaveringly pro-business; CEOs in all sectors should be alert for Twitter bombs, the modern form of jawboning, such as those lobbed by the incoming President at the pharmaceutical industry and several defense contractors.Tailwinds and HeadwindsPresident Trump will inherit several interrelated macroeconomic shifts that were already in motion before the election and accentuated by its aftermath: higher interest rates, a stronger dollar, and increased inflation expectations. The ten-year U.S. Treasury note rose from a low of 1.4% in July to 2.5% at the time of this writing, while the dollar has strengthened against its trade weighted basket by about 5% over the same time frame. The Federal Reserve has signaled a willingness to raise rates multiple times in 2017. A divergence in monetary policy from still dovish central banks in Europe and Japan, not to mention a fraying of the European Union, will continue to propel the dollar and reduce the competitiveness of U.S. exports, an outcome neither Chairman Janet Yellen nor the new administration will relish. A tightening labor market and the promised fiscal stimulus may however, force the hand of the Fed. With all else equal, higher interest rates and accelerating inflation are bad for all asset classes, including equities. But all else is never equal. The question is whether GDP, and consequently, earnings growth will accelerate enough to overcome the natural governors of higher rates (felt in the form of higher borrowing costs) and inflation (felt in the form of reduced purchasing power). Put simply, earnings estimates for S&P 500 may be revised upward, but may not overcome the pressure of a reduction in the market multiple, which at over 17x is already above historical norms. Much as it is foolish to underestimate the dynamic nature of the economy, one cannot generalize changes in the political economic environment to all industries. This has spurred a "Great Rotation" in the equity market markets, especially since the election, from Growth to Value, non-cyclical to cyclical, and large cap to small cap stocks. To the extent that financial companies are overrepresented in value indices, all of these shifts can be understood as the pendulum swinging to those companies most levered to tax reform and domestic stimulus and least exposed to currency and trade disruptions. Indeed the FANG stocks (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google/Alphabet (0.2% of net assets as of December 31, 2016)) that dominated returns in 2015 trail the market slightly this year (up a weighted average ~8.7%) and appear out of favor both in Washington and on Wall Street. What remains to be seen is whether the virtuous (vicious if you are a Value investor) cycle of flows into passive ETFs and these names has been broken.(Y)our Portfolio: Deals, Deals & More DealsWe believe we are generally well positioned for almost any economic environment, including the inflationary one described above. Our holdings tend to be domestically focused, with strong franchises and often pricing power. We have never been top-down allocators trying to chase every trend. Rather, we rely on fundamental bottom-up research, informed by our view of the shifting political economic tides. We purchase and hold securities trading at discounts to their Private Market Values appropriate for their level of risk, and seek to identify one or more catalysts that could close that valuation gap. Industry consolidation, financial engineering (e.g. spin-offs), changes in management, and changes in regulation are just a few catalysts in which the portfolio is rich.2016 in BriefSpinoff activity was healthy in 2016, though down from 2014 and 2015. Notable spinoffs in the portfolio include the separation of Hertz's equipment rental unit (HERC) from the car rental business; the spinoff of Honeywell's (2.7% of net assets as of December 31, 2016) nylon business, AdvanSix; the spinoff of Johnson Controls' (1.0%) automotive interiors business, Adient; and the continued transformation of ConAgra under CEO Sean Connolly, with its spinoff of potato processor Lamb Weston.As could be expected, Dr. John Malone contributed to our list of new securities with the spin-off of Liberty Expedia (0.1%) from Liberty Ventures and the issuance of three new tracker stocks: Liberty SiriusXM (0.8%), representing a 64% stake in SiriusXM radio; Liberty Brave (0.3%), representing ownership of the Atlanta Braves baseball club and related real estate; and Liberty Media (0.1%), accounting for a variety of public and private assets including a 35% stake in Live Nation Entertainment. It is worth noting that prior spins provide fertile ground for deals, as illustrated by the involvement of a spin-off parent or child in so many transactions below.We were the beneficiaries of another strong year of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) as well. Two deals announced in 2015 involving significant holdings - the long-awaited purchase of Cablevision and Carl Icahn (Trades, Portfolio)'s purchase of Pep Boys - closed during 2016. January began with Johnson Controls agreeing to acquire Tyco International in a $14 billion stock deal. This was followed in February by Apollo's agreement to acquire ADT, the home security spinoff of Tyco, for $42 in cash. Both transactions have closed. Other announced deals include Couche-Tard's $48.53 cash offer for CST Brands (0.6%), the convenience store spinoff of Valero, and German chemical manufacturer Lanxess AG's $33.50 cash offer for Chemtura (0.2%). The biggest merger of the year belongs to AT&T, which, after acquiring satellite distributor DIRECTV from us in 2015, set its sights on leading content producer and serial financial engineer Time Warner (2.5%). AT&T has agreed to pay $107.50 in cash and stock in a transaction that will garner scrutiny in Washington, but we think is likely to succeed. Finally, at the time of this writing, there is speculation that 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway/Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio) have identified their next meal in the global food space - Mondelez (1.0%), which was formerly part of 3G's current acquisition vehicle, Kraft-Heinz.In our view, more accommodative regulatory agencies, a potential windfall of repatriated offshore cash, and historically low but prospectively higher interest rates should continue to drive M&A and benefit our style of investing.Investment ScorecardThe largest contributor to performance in 2016 was CBS Corp. (7.6% of net assets as of December 31, 2016) (+25%), which, despite suspending a potential tie-up with Viacom (5.7%), continued to perform very well as a standalone content company under Leslie Moonves. As discussed above, Time Warner (+52%) agreed to be acquired by AT&T for $107.50 in cash and stock and was a strong contributor to performance. Companies exposed to infrastructure investment such as Xylem (2.0%) (+36%), aerospace and defense spending such as Crane Co (1.8%) (+54%) and Honeywell (+15%), and improving energy fundamentals such as Circor (2.0%) (+54%) and National Fuel Gas (2.7%) (+36%) performed well. Finally, despite a pullback late in the fourth quarter, gold miner Newmont Mining (3.2%) (+90%) was up sharply for the year.Detractors from performance included U.S. media companies Viacom (-10%) and AMC Networks (1.1%) (-30%). Mexico-based Grupo Televisa (1.1%) (-23%) and Fomento Economico ("Femsa") (1.1%) (-16%) suffered over concerns about the peso and the outlook for Mexican growth under President Trump. Liberty Interactive (1.1%) (-27%), the owner of multichannel shopping network QVC, suffered its first quarterly sales decline in the U.S. in nearly seven years.Let's Talk StocksThe following are stock specifics on selected holdings of our Fund. Favorable earnings prospects do not necessarily translate into higher stock prices, but they do express a positive trend that we believe will develop over time. Individual securities mentioned are not necessarily representative of the entire portfolio. For the following holdings, the share prices are listed first in United States dollars (USD) and second in the local currency, where applicable, and are presented as of December 30, 2016.CBS Corp.(7.6% of net assets as of December 31, 2016)(CBS-$64.65-NYSE) (CBS) operates the CBS television network and the premium cable network Showtime. It also owns 29 local television stations and 130 radio stations. We believe that CBS has a number of opportunities to generate incremental non-advertising revenue from the sale of existing content through its OTT platforms, online video distributors and retransmission agreements with traditional distributors. In addition, we expect a continued recovery in advertising to contribute to earnings growth. Finally, we believe that financial engineering, including the split-off of its radio business, could act as a catalyst for shares. Honeywell International Inc.(2.7%)(HON-$115.85-NYSE) (HON) operates as a diversified technology company with highly engineered products, including turbine propulsion engines, auxiliary power units, turbochargers, brake pads, environmental and combustion controls, sensors, security and life safety products, resins and chemicals, nuclear services, and process technology for the petrochemical and refining industries. One of the key drivers of HON's growth is acquisitions that increase the company's growth profile globally, creating both organic and inorganic opportunities. The company recently acquired Elster Industries, a leading provider of thermal gas solutions, smart meters, software and data analytics for the commercial, industrial and residential heating market. Elster's gas business offers products in high demand among natural gas customers and brings a strong, global distribution network and numerous cross-selling opportunities for existing HON technologies to new customers. Elster's gas, electric, and water meters are highly valued for their reliability, safety and accuracy. The company maintains an installed base of more than 200 million meter modules deployed over the course of the last 10 years that generate significant recurring revenues. We believe acquisitions such as Elster should drive meaningful and sustained growth for HON spurred by global energy efficiency initiatives and natural resource management.-Mondelez International Inc.(1.0%)(MDLZ - $44.33 -NASDAQ) (MDLZ), headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois, is the renamed Kraft Foods Inc. following the tax-free spin-off to shareholders of the North American grocery business on October 1, 2012. Following the contribution of coffee into a new joint venture, nearly 85% of Mondel?z's $27 billion of revenue is derived from snacking, including leading brands such as Oreo, LU and Ritz biscuits, Trident gum, and Cadbury and Milka chocolates. On July 2, 2015 Mondel?z combined its coffee business with D.E Master Blenders 1753 to form a new coffee company, Jacobs Douwe Egberts. Subsequently, MDLZ exchanged part of its stake in this coffee joint venture for 24% ownership in Keurig Green Mountain, which was acquired by an investor group led by JAB Holding Co. in March 2016. This narrows the company's product focus, as only 15% of revenue will be outside snacks -- mostly Tang beverages and other products including Philadelphia cream cheese, which management may look to divest in the future as it executes on its plan to accelerate growth and improve margins in the faster growing snack business. On June 30, Hershey confirmed that it received and rejected a preliminary indication of interest from Mondel?z to acquire Hershey for $107 per share in cash and stock, demonstrating Mondel?z's continued interest in pursuing acquisitions while remaining an independent company.National Fuel Gas Co. (2.7%)(NFG - $56.64 -NYSE)(NFG) is a diversified natural gas company. NFG owns a regulated gas utility serving the region around Buffalo, New York, gas pipelines that move gas between the Midwest and Canada and from the Marcellus to the Northeast, gathering and processing systems, and an oil and gas exploration and production business. NFG's regulated utility and pipeline businesses, as well as its California oil production business, provide stable earnings and cash flows to support the dividend, while the natural gas production business offers significant upside potential. While natural gas prices have been depressed over the past few years, NFG's ownership of 800,000 net acres in Pennsylvania, including 780,000 acres in the Marcellus Shale, holds enormous natural gas reserve potential and the company has proven to be among the lower cost producers. We continue to expect above average long term earnings and cash flow growth from improving gas prices, growing gas production and strategically located pipeline expansion. The company has increased its dividend for 46 consecutive years. In addition, NFG is considering corporate restructuring alternatives, including an MLP of its midstream assets. Sony Corp. (3.2%)(SNE-$28.03-NYSE)(SNE) is a diversified electronics and entertainment company based in Tokyo, Japan. The company manufactures televisions, PlayStation game consoles, mobile phone handsets, and cameras. It also operates the Columbia film studio and Sony Music entertainment group. We expect the new PlayStation launch and operational improvements in consumer electronics and entertainment to generate EBITDA growth through 2018. We also think the spinoff of the entertainment assets could be a catalyst.Time Warner Inc. (2.5%) (TWX - $96.53 - NYSE) (TWX), located in New York, New York, is a diversified media company with operations in cable networks through HBO, TNT, TBS & CNN, and film & television production. We like the company's cable networks, high margins and low capital intensity. We believe the AT&T-Time Warner transaction will close, and expect limited downside were the government to block the deal.Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.(1.3%)(FOXA-$28.04-NASDAQ) (FOXA),(0.5%)(FOX-$27.25-NASDAQ) is a diversified media company with operations in cable network television, television broadcasting, filmed entertainment, and direct broadcast satellite television. Cable networks account for 70% of the company's EBITDA, and benefit from contractually recurring affiliate fees and exposure to the fast growing global pay television market. We also expect the company to benefit from rising demand for premium content, driven by emerging distribution platforms such as Netflix, retransmission revenue, and aggressive share repurchases.Viacom Inc.(5.7%)(VIA-$38.50-NASDAQ)(VIA) is a pure-play content company that owns a global stable of cable networks, including MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, VH1, BET, and the Paramount movie studio. Viacom's cable networks generate revenue from advertising sales, fixed monthly subscriber fees, and ancillary revenue from toy licensing, etc. We believe a low valuation and M&A potential outweigh the secular risks of cord-cutting.Xylem Inc.(2.0%)(XYL-$49.52-NYSE)(XYL) is a global leader in the design, manufacturing, and application of highly engineered technologies for the transportation, treatment, measurement, and testing of water. The company is expected to benefit from favorable long term fundamentals in the water industry, driven by scarcity, population growth, aging of the infrastructure, and the need to improve water quality. Further, with a large installed base of pumps and systems, the company is well positioned to increase aftermarket revenue, which currently represents roughly 40% of total revenues. XYL is expected to generate 8%-12% earnings per share growth through 2020, as it accelerates its capital deployment strategy globally. The company recently acquired Sensus, a leading manufacturer of smart metering equipment and technologies, for $1.7 billion.ConclusionAlthough 2016 has left prognosticators with egg on their faces and eating crow, 2017 promises to be another eventful year, with key votes among European Union members and the unfolding of policies at home. Those who bemoan the election of Donald J. Trump should take solace and those who cheer his election should take pause - the president's authority extends only so far. Neither the economic cycle nor the curse of demographics can be repealed, and factors such as interest rates, debt levels, and productivity respond only marginally to the party in power. America has been and remains great, but could always be better. Likewise, we strive for continuous improvement. As always, we thank you for your trust and we look forward to what the future brings. PostscriptIn closing, we thought you would enjoy Alexis de Tocqueville's description of presidential elections from his classic Democracy In America (1835) as you reflect on the year that has been and the vibrancy of our American experiment.For a long while before the appointed time has come, the election becomes important and, so to speak, the all-engrossing topic of discussion. Factional ardor is redoubled, and all the artificial passions which the imagination can create in a happy and peaceful land are agitated and brought to light...As the election draws near, the activity of intrigue and the agitation of the populace increase; the citizens are divided into hostile camps, each of which assumes the name of its favorite candidate; the whole nation glows with feverish excitement; the election is the daily theme of the press, the subject of private conversation, the end of every thought and every action, the sole interest of the present. It is true that as soon as the choice is determined, this ardor is dispelled, calm returns, and the river, which had nearly broken its banks, sinks to its usual level; but who can refrain from astonishment that such a storm should have arisen?In de Tocqueville's native tongue, plus?achange,plusc'estlam?mechose.January 6, 2017 Note: The views expressed in this Shareholder Commentary reflect those of the Portfolio Managers only through the end of the period stated in this Shareholder Commentary. The Portfolio Managers' views are subject to change at any time based on market and other conditions. The information in this Portfolio Managers' Shareholder Commentary represents the opinions of the individual Portfolio Managers and is not intended to be a forecast of future events, a guarantee of future results, or investment advice. Views expressed are those of the Portfolio Managers and may differ from those of other portfolio managers or of the Firm as a whole. This Shareholder Commentary does not constitute an offer of any transaction in any securities. Any recommendation contained herein may not be suitable for all investors. Information contained in this Shareholder Commentary has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but cannot be guaranteed.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Sign with CBS. Click here to check it out. CBS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CBSPeter Lynch Chart of CBSReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextDonald Trump Tweet-Rages After John McCain Kills Obamacare Skinny RepealDeadlineEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump says he's going to 'destroy' MS-13 — here's how the gang got its sinister nameBusiness Insider UKEx-Dolphins Cheerleader Who Is a Passionate Trump Supporter Divorces Democrat Husband Over PoliticsPeopleJeff Sessions just made clear that if Trump wants him gone, he'll have to fire himBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredKellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’sMarketWatchTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceVenezuela opposition blocks streets as controversial assembly vote loomsReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outTrajan: For someone who got five deferments, he really likes generals.Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k








