

	CANNIBUZZ Trademark of Gaines, Greta E.. Serial Number: 77835399 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Clothing Products
CANNIBUZZ










 
Get FREE email alerts













CANNIBUZZ  Trademark Information
 Gaines, Greta E.
Hats; Jackets; Shirts




Perfect for these industries

Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
hats   jackets   shirts    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CANNIBUZZ trademark by Gaines, Greta E. 
                                in Nashville, TN, 37215.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CANNIBUZZ trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Gaines, Greta E. of the CANNIBUZZ trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CANNIBUZZ trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 25, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CANNIBUZZ by 
                        Gaines, Greta E., Nashville, TN  37215.
                        The USPTO has given the CANNIBUZZ 
                        trademark serial  number of  77835399.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for CANNIBUZZ is 
                        
                        
                                            SHAWN R. FARMER of 
                                            Muskin & Farmer, LLC,  Suite 205, 100 W. Main Street LANSDALE PA 19446
                                .
                            The CANNIBUZZ trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CANNIBUZZ 
                            is Hats; Jackets; Shirts. 
                            





Word mark:
 CANNIBUZZ


  Status/Status Date:  


STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED

3/24/2017



  Serial Number:  
77835399


  Filing Date:  
9/25/2009


 Registration Number:  
3920725 


 Registration Date:  
2/15/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Hats; Jackets; Shirts


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/16/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

Gaines, Greta E.Nashville, TN  37215
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


SHAWN R. FARMER
Muskin & Farmer, LLC
Suite 205
100 W. Main Street
LANSDALE PA 19446





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CANNIBUZZ trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/24/2017
STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SHAWN R. FARMER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CANNIBUZZ trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cannibuzz on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CANNIBUZZ 




CANNIBUZZ is providing Hats; Jackets; Shirts.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















    Greta Gaines | OmniCanna Health Solutions Inc | ZoomInfo.com



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







    Greta Gaines | OmniCanna Health Solutions Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Greta Gaines - Wikiquote




















 






Greta Gaines

From Wikiquote


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





I am waking from a dream,
I am choking on a scream,
You were trying to show me something.


Greta Gaines is an American singer, songwriter, and activist for marijuana legalization, who became prominent competitor in the early years of the development of snowboarding as a sport.
Quotes[edit]




"Light breaks where no sun shines"
So shine for me tonight — firefly.






Firefly that's what you are
Burning for me in my darkest hour…






Not only is pot way cooler than alcohol, it’s also non-toxic. Dylan Thomas could not have smoked himself to death.



I am waking from a dream,
I am choking on a scream,
You were trying to show me something.
But the dark is wide and long,
The gates are closed, the crowd's all gone,
You're still shimmering and leading me on…
Firefly that's what you are
Burning for me in my darkest hour
"Light breaks where no sun shines"
So shine for me tonight — firefly.

"Firefly" on Greta Gaines (1999); the phrase in quotes is a line from a poem of Dylan Thomas. · Full song at YouTube · Live Performance




I wake to "magnolias sweet and fresh",
Lines of poetry on my breath,
You were here but you have stolen away.
My inspiration is an evening star,
So come to me wherever you are,
I will wait for you tonight alone in the dark…

"Firefly" on Greta Gaines (1999); the phrase in quotes is one earlier found in "Strange Fruit" (1937) by Abel Meeropol, famously sung by Billie Holiday.




I'd stop a train just to watch you get off,
Don't leave me alone with my whiskey thoughts.

"Whiskey Thoughts", on Whiskey Thoughts (2008) · Video at YouTube




Not only is pot way cooler than alcohol, it’s also non-toxic. Dylan Thomas could not have smoked himself to death.

"Why Are No Women Celebrity Stoners Willing to Come Out of the Greenhouse?" (16 August 2012)




When I was younger I was always looking for someone’s approval. Then I had kids and what I needed from music totally changed. Motherhood just kind of sliced away all self-defeating behavior. The lesson I learned from the experience of releasing Whiskey Thoughts was that if I make another album, it has to be for me. It has to be much more personal and honest, unique and raw, and that is what I hope that we have done here. After 20 years playing and touring, 5 studio albums and one live album I finally feel that I have found my sound. Like it or leave it the sound on this album is mine and mine alone.

On her album Lighthouse & The Impossible Love (2013), as quoted at Michelle Roche Media Relations




My parents wrote their own rules, so it didn’t seem odd to me to invent my life as I went along. …  I picked up a guitar and started writing songs late, when I was 22, but quickly became devoted to the craft of song writing, relieved that I had found my inner calling.

As quoted in the "Greta Gaines" profile page at Artist Direct



Quotes about Gaines[edit]




Greta Gaines is a true original and rocks hard at everything she does. ~ Sheryl Crow



Greta Gaines was voted one of the 'TOP 100 Most Influential People in Cannabis' and is a former member of the National Board of the National Organization to Reform Marijuana Law (NORML).

Cannabis Science press release: "Greta Gaines Former Member of the National Board of the National Organization to Reform Marijuana Law (NORML) Joins Cannabis Science (CBIS) Team to Enhance Company's Business Development Activities" in MarketWatch (28 January 2014)




Greta Gaines is a true original and rocks hard at everything she does.

Sheryl Crow, as quoted in profile at Artist Direct




I think the best camp for women is the Wild Women’s Snowboard Camp, launched by women’s 1992 World Extreme Champ, Greta Gaines, and co-directed by Mary Seibert. It follows a philosophy by Clarissa Pinkola Estes, author of Women Who Run with the Wolves, in that women need to break free; that there is a need and obligation for each woman to reach this level and let go. Snowboarding’s a fluid sport that allows you to do just this. Like rock climbing, it’s more about balance and grace than strength and ego. Therefore, women excel.

Kathleen Gasperini, in "The First Time: A Girls’ Guide" in Transworld Snowboarding (15 October 1999)




Greta Gaines isn’t afraid of a challenge and she’s as courageous in her artistic life as she is in her professional life. Singer/songwriter, bandleader, adventurer and extreme sportswoman — Gaines is a woman set on living life to its fullest.
Gaines comes to her blend of sports and art honestly. Her father is novelist, screenwriter and outdoorsman Charles Gaines (Pumping Iron, Stay Hungry) and the inventor of the game of Paintball. Her mother is painter, sculptor and former Miss. Alabama, Patricia Ellisor Gaines. Hunter S. Thompson, Arnold Schwarzenegger and other celebrities were frequent visitors to her family’s rural farm growing up so pushing boundaries and living life to its fullest were part of her upbringing.

Profile at Getty Images




Greta Gaines is a newcomer to the movement of legalizing marijuana. Having spent the last 20 years immersed in the extreme sports and rock n roll world, however, she has been smoking and thinking about smoking pot for a very long time.

Profile at NORML speakers bureau




Greta's years' long passion to help patients and her active involvement in developing novel cannabis-based products are inspiring to all in our rapidly changing landscape of within the cannabis industry.

Robert Kane, Director and CFO of Cannabis Science, as quoted in "Greta Gaines Former Member of the National Board of the National Organization to Reform Marijuana Law (NORML) Joins Cannabis Science (CBIS) Team to Enhance Company's Business Development Activities" in MarketWatch (28 January 2014)




Is it enough to be an Extreme Snowboarding National Champion? An on air TV host? A professional fly fisherman?
Not for Greta Gaines. This multifaceted woman also has just released her fifth studio album, Lighthouse & The Impossible Love, and what a rollicking ride it is. Dripping with vintage tone and sultry but gritty vocals, Gaines' latest effort is a study in tension and release. Sweetness and sorrow. A good old-fashioned stomp juxtaposed with a bluesy narrative.
And you know what? It’s all good.

Laura B. Whitmore, in "Guitar Girl'd: Greta Gaines Talks New Album, 'Lighthouse & The Impossible Love'" in Guitar World (6 June 2013)



External links[edit]




Wikipedia has an article about:
Greta Gaines



Facebook page
Profile at IMDb
iTunes page
"Indie Spotlight: Greta Gaines" in BMI News (7 June 2013)
Biographic profile at AllMusic.com
"Greta Gaines" (17 August 1999) sound samples from her first album





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikiquote.org/w/index.php?title=Greta_Gaines&oldid=2172916"					
Categories: SingersSongwritersAmerican musiciansAmerican activistsLiving peopleSnowboarders 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main PageCommunity portalVillage pumpRecent changesRandom pageHelpDonateContact Wikiquote 



Wikiquote links


PeopleLiterary worksProverbsFilmsTV showsThemesCategories 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikipedia 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



In other languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 September 2016, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Privacy policy
About Wikiquote
Disclaimers
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 


















Our Story


































 








Wholesale RetailersCustomer Service




 








		    		Menu		    		
HomeOur StoryShop ProductsStore Locations 








Home / Our Story




 Our Story										



  Nature's Perfect Food for Humanity
"feels as good as it heals"
 
Greta Gaines has a soul made of hemp. She has been creating hemp seed oil based solutions and products for skin care for family and friends for the last 10 years. Her work began in her kitchen and is growing into a national success. Motivated by frustration from not finding anything of high and consistent quality online and in retail stores, Greta Gaines began making her own skin care products. Greta didn't just want hemp to be in the skin care she wanted it to be the predominant ingredient in the skin care. Greta became enamored of the benefits of hemp when she met Neil Young and Willie Nelson in 2000, when she was performing alongside them at Farm Aid. Neil Young had a hemp bio-fuel powered tour bus and Greta had never heard of hemp seed let alone a bus that could run on it! In 2014 Greta sold her formulations to OmniCanna Health Solutions and the idea of The Hempery was born. She is now proud to serve The Hempery, as their CEO and President, and is 100% committed to turning as many people as possible on to the regenerative, anti-aging, moisturizing…one could almost say MIRACLE benefits of combining Hemp Seed Oil and Coconut Oil for the skin.
 
Greta says "Try some. You might get hooked. Because it feels as good as it heals!” 

 back to top 









Tweets by @thehempery1























Customer Service

Return PolicyPurchasing & ShippingFAQContact Us
Corporate

About UsInvestor RelationsWholesale Retailers
Product Line


Hempery Miracle Oil
Hemp Milk Body Wash
Hemp Lotion Bar
Hemp Rose Soap
Hemptastique Lip & Body Balm

Let's Get Social

      
CUSTOMER SERVICE +1 (888) 263-0490























Greta Gaines | Cannabis Science Inc | Email @cannabisscience.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Greta Gaines

 Cannabis Science Inc  Product/Marketing Specialist


Updated On : 
                    Jan 16, 2017                            

export

















19800 MacArthur Blvd.

Irvine, CA 92612


Email format for @cannabisscience.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
Not Available

Revenue:  
< 500k

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A Irvine, CA-based organization, Cannabis Science Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @cannabisscience.com email addresses, as well as details on Greta Gaines's email, the organization's Product/Marketing Specialist. Their profile can be found in Biotech/drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Greta Gaines, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Greta Gaines are GGaines@cannabisscience.com, Greta.Gaines@cannabisscience.com, Greta@cannabisscience.com, and Greta_Gaines@cannabisscience.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cannabisscience.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Greta Gabbert - Operations

Greta Gabriel - Other
For William Morris Endeavor email addresses with the @wmeentertainment.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Greta Gabriel, you may check in William Morris Endeavor's Lead411 profile. Greta Gabriel is currently the Floater Assistant for William Morris Endeavor. The company's CEO is Patrick Whitesell. The contact information of William Morris Endeavor on Lead411 is filed under the Recreational services. Their main offices are in Beverly Hills, CA.  Some possible email formats for Greta Gabriel are GGabriel@wmeentertainment.com, Greta.Gabriel@wmeentertainment.com, Greta@wmeentertainment.com, and Greta_Gabriel@wmeentertainment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wmeentertainment.com addresses.
Greta Gadbois - Other
If you need @massgeneral.org email addresses for Massachusetts General Hospital, you can find them on Lead411 as Greta Gadbois's email might be available. Greta Gadbois, the company's Clinical Research Coordinator, also has extensive contact information, including Massachusetts General Hospital's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Boston, MA-based Massachusetts General Hospital can be found on Lead411 under the Hospitals/clinics industry.  Some possible email formats for Greta Gadbois are GGadbois@massgeneral.org, Greta.Gadbois@massgeneral.org, Greta@massgeneral.org, and Greta_Gadbois@massgeneral.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@massgeneral.org addresses.



Similar Employees:
Raymond Dabney - Executive
A Irvine, CA-based organization, Cannabis Science Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @cannabisscience.com email addresses, as well as details on Raymond Dabney's email, the organization's Director/President/CEO/Co-founder. Their profile can be found in Biotech/drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Raymond Dabney, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Raymond Dabney are RDabney@cannabisscience.com, Raymond.Dabney@cannabisscience.com, Raymond@cannabisscience.com, and Raymond_Dabney@cannabisscience.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cannabisscience.com addresses.
Chad Johnson - Operations
Cannabis Science Inc's COO/General Counsel/Director is where Chad Johnson is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Raymond Dabney. They are based in Irvine, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Biotech/drugs industry. Chad Johnson's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Cannabis Science Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @cannabisscience.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Chad Johnson are CJohnson@cannabisscience.com, Chad.Johnson@cannabisscience.com, Chad@cannabisscience.com, and Chad_Johnson@cannabisscience.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cannabisscience.com addresses.
Mario Lap - Operations
Mario Lap's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Cannabis Science Inc's Lead411 profile and other Cannabis Science Inc email addresses with the @cannabisscience.com domain format.  He is part of Cannabis Science Inc where he serves as the Dir European Operations.  Cannabis Science Inc's main office is set in Irvine, CA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Biotech/drugs category.  Some possible email formats for Mario Lap are MLap@cannabisscience.com, Mario.Lap@cannabisscience.com, Mario@cannabisscience.com, and Mario_Lap@cannabisscience.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cannabisscience.com addresses.

People Directory > Greta Gaines




























Greta Gaines CD Album




















































 
















»
 Search 


Everything
Artist
Title
Song
SoundTrack
Label
---CLASSICAL---
Composer
Title
Conductor
Performer
Ensemble
Work









Existing Customer?Sign In












All

MP3 Downloads

Classical

Vinyl LP

Turn Pop-up Images Off



















Greta Gaines CD
More by Greta Gaines



CD For Sale Backorder Add to WishList


 
Email Me When AvailableCD Universe will email you only once and only regarding the availability of this item. See our policy statement.














 Greta Gaines songs Product Information


CategoryRock Albums, Rock/Pop CDs, Singer/Songwriter



 Greta Gaines album for sale Related Items


<


The Rolling Stones
Blue & Lonesome

 
$15.55






Metallica
Hardwired...To Self-Destruct

 
$16.65






Leonard Cohen
You Want It Darker

 
$14.75






Prince
Purple Rain

 
$12.69






Three Dog Night
Complete Hit Singles

 
$7.35







The Beatles
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Clu...

 
$24.39






Prince
Very Best of Prince

 
$18.59






Roger Waters
Is This the Life We Really Want...

 
$13.75







Waylon Jennings
Wanted! The Outlaws

 
$7.39







Van Morrison
Keep Me Singing

 
$12.85






George Michael
Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of...

 
$17.39






Adele
25

 
$13.59






The Beatles
Live At The Hollywood Bowl

 
$18.49






The Allman Brothers Ban... 
Decade of Hits 1969-1979

 
$8.29







Bob Seger & the Silver ... 
Greatest Hits

 
$10.09






Daryl Hall & John Oates
Very Best of Daryl Hall & John ...

 
$7.39







The Hollies
Hollies' Greatest Hits

 
$7.35







The Mamas & the Papas
Greatest Hits

 
$11.25







The Beach Boys
Sounds of Summer: The Very Best...

 
$7.75






The Who
Who's Next

 
$10.59







John Prine
For Better, Or Worse

 
$12.35






Tom Petty / Tom Petty &... 
Greatest Hits

 
$10.25






Eagles
Very Best Of

 
$17.99






Chuck Berry
Definitive Collection

 
$11.25







Fleetwood Mac
Rumours

 
$12.55






Crosby, Stills, Nash & ... 
Deja Vu

 
$13.59







Janis Joplin
Janis Joplin's Greatest Hits

 
$7.39







Elton John
Greatest Hits 1970-2002

 
$18.65






Santana
Abraxas

 
$7.35






Chicago
Very Best of Chicago: Only the ...

 
$16.25






Blind Faith
Blind Faith

 
$7.49





 
 
 
 
 
>













 Greta Gaines CD music Product Description

Personnel: Greta Gaines (vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar); Bucky Baxter (guitar, acoustic guitar, 12-string guitar, lap steel guitar, background vocals); Daniel Tashian, Elisha A. Hoffman, David Steel, Vess Ruhtenberg (guitar); George Marinelli, Kareem Devlin (electric guitar); Al Goll (dobro); Megan Weeder (violin); Moe Z M.D., Moe Z (piano, organ, background vocals); Billy Livsey (piano, Wurlitzer organ); Kenny Aronoff , Spencer Campbell, Bill Dobrow, Scott Edwards, Brad Pemberton (drums); Tom Rhoady (percussion); Mike Wanchic (background vocals).Audio Mixers: Rick "Soldier" Will; Mike Wanchic; Paul Mahern.


 Greta Gaines Album Track Listing


TrkSong   
1Firefly 
2Cool Hand Luke 
3Oregon Summer 
4Jericho 
5Full Blown Rose 
6Best of Me 
7Weatherman 
8Moonshine 
9Purple Jesus 
10Just Like You 
11Mikey Likes It 
12Cold July 



 Greta Gaines songs Product Details


Item  number1259815
LabelBig Air
Orig Year1999
Catalog number1
Discs1
Release DateAug 17, 1999
Studio/LiveStudio
Mono/StereoStereo
ProducerBucky Baxter; Daniel Tashian; Greta Gaines; Rick "Soldier" Will; Spencer Campbell; Bucky Baxter; Rick Will; Daniel Tashian
EngineerF. Reid Shippen; Rick "Soldier" Will; Larry Jefferies; Mike Wanchic; Mills Logan
Recording Time47 minutes
PersonnelKenny AronoffMike Wanchic - background vocalsScott EdwardsGeorge Marinelli"Bucky" Baxter - guitar, acoustic guitar, 12-string guitar, lap steel guitar, background vocalsMoe Z - piano, organ, background vocalsBilly Livsey - piano, Wurlitzer organDaniel TashianKareem Devlin - electric guitarSpencer CampbellList all 19 contributors







Have you heard this album? 










 Our Current Promotions






More Promotions...
› Country Tailgate Sale
› Alice Cooper's New Release
› Film Favorites Collections
› Telefilms Sale
› Classic Rock Sale
› Action Movie Sale
› Universal Monsters
› Star Wars
› The Rolling Stones







CategoriesMore > 
› Alternative
› Blues
› Box Sets
› Classical
› Country
› Dance
› Heavy Metal
› International
› Jazz
› Latin
› Live Performance
› Oldies
› R & B
› Rap/Hip Hop
› Rock/Pop
› Soundtrack


















Specialty Shops



› The Beatles
› The Walking Dead
› Game of Thrones
› Doctor Who
› Star Trek
› Frank Sinatra
› Grateful Dead
› David Bowie
› Prince
› Harry Potter
› James Bond





Browse Music

› Vinyl Records
› Accessories
› Audiobooks
› DVD Audio
› Enhanced CD
› Super Audio CD
› Bargain Bin
› Top Music Charts
› Popular Lyrics

› Calendars
› Clothing & T-Shirts

Browse MoviesMore > 

› Action/Adventure
› Comedy
› Drama
› Horror
› Music Videos
› TV on DVD

Browse GamesMore > 

› PlayStation 3
› Nintendo Wii
› XBox 360
› Nintendo DS
› PC Games
› Accessories



We Need Your Support







We Need Your Support



















cdu4asppid music 1259815 cdu4pidall cdu4pls7 ver261cdu cdu4all 
7/28/2017 7:07:52 PM
XPreRip Terms and ConditionsPreRip is a free option on select CD's displaying the PreRip icon. This option allows you to download the MP3 version of that CD immediately after your purchase. The physical CD will still be shipped to you. If you agree to accept your PreRip MP3s, please be aware that the corresponding CD will be non-refundable and cannot be canceled from your order. This protects us against customers taking the free MP3 and then canceling the CD.PreRip availability may change at any time, so we recommend that you download as soon as possible.Should the CD you receive be defective, we will exchange it for a new one. PreRip is only available to customers in the United States. This is a limitation placed on us by the record labels.




Greta Gaines
Close 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Greta Gaines - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Greta Gaines
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Greta Gaines
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 129 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




The New York Times
March 16, 2017





                        Paid Notice: Deaths HAJE, CAROL JENSEN                    





Marketwired
March 17, 2016





                        OmniCanna's Confidence in its Business Model and Market Potential Increases After Historic Participation at the Natural Products Expo West, Anaheim, California                    





Marketwired
March 9, 2016





                        OmniCanna Health Solutions Inc. Proudly Announces the Showcasing of the Company's Flagship Brand -- 'The Hempery' -- Beginning Today at This Week's Blockbuster 2016 Natural Products West Expo in Anaheim, California                    





PR Newswire
May 18, 2015





                        OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. (ENDO) Names Greta Gaines as CEO & President as Company Prepares for US Release of 'The Hempery' Product Line on May 20, 2015                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Benjamin Tam

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.




Robert Kane

Chief Operating Officer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.





Chad S. Johnson

Director at World Aids Institute




Dorothy H. Bray

Founder at Pharma Investing News, Inc.





Haviland Wright

President at Alta Data Solutions, Inc.




Michelle Lynn Sheriff

Vice President at Curado Energy Resources, Inc.





Atul Trivedi

Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.




Graciela Moreno

Chief Managing Officer at WOWI, Inc.





Raymond C. Dabney

Co-Founder at Cannabis Science, Inc.




Arturo R. Molina, Jr.

Former Chief Executive Officer & Director at Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.







See 119 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 119 More 


 


 Paths to Greta Gaines



            Greta Gaines          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Greta Gaines






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Greta Gaines.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

                                    2015 - Current                


Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.


                  Endocan Corp. is a hemp-based solutions company, which focuses on the health needs of people today. The company utilizes the unique and potent benefits of hemp, the natural compounds found in the hemp plants, from which hemp is produced. Its products includes hempery miracle oil, hemp milk body wash, hemp lotion bar, hemp rose soap and hemtastique lip & body balm. The company was founded on February 5, 1969 and is headquartered in Colorado Springs, CO.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2015 - Current                  


Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc.

                    Endocan Corp. is a hemp-based solutions company, which focuses on the health needs of people today. The company utilizes the unique and potent benefits of hemp, the natural compounds found in the hemp plants, from which hemp is produced. Its products includes hempery miracle oil, hemp milk body wash, hemp lotion bar, hemp rose soap and hemtastique lip & body balm. The company was founded on February 5, 1969 and is headquartered in Colorado Springs, CO.                  




Member, Scientific Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Cannabis Science, Inc.

                    Cannabis Science, Inc. develops cannabis pharmaceutical products. The company works on phytocannabinoid science targeting critical illnesses and adheres to scientific methodologies to develop, produce, and commercialize phytocannabinoid-based pharmaceutical products. Cannabis Science was founded by Raymond C. Dabney on February 29, 1996 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Prior                  


National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws







 Other Affiliations




              Greta Gaines is affiliated with
                            Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc., Omnicanna Health Solutions, Inc., Cannabis Science, Inc., National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


































 



 OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. (ENDO) Names Greta Gaines as CEO & President as Company Prepares 
         










    










 






 











 









OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. (ENDO) Names Greta Gaines as CEO & President as Company Prepares for US Release of 'The Hempery' Product Line on May 20, 2015

May 18, 2015, 09:18 ET
		  		  					
						 from   OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. (OTC: ENDO) (fka "Endocan Corporation"), a U.S. Company specializing in hemp formulation-based health and wellness solutions, is pleased to announce that the Company's Board of Directors has selected Greta Gaines as its new CEO and President following her appointment to the Board.  The Company takes this action concurrently with the impending release of the Company's new skin care product line:  The Hempery TM. On May 20, 2015 please visit www.thehempery.com to purchase "The Hempery" skin care product line all made in the USA.
The Board has been impressed with the progress and relentless work ethic of Greta since she began.  Her passion and leadership led the Board to its unanimous decision to elect her President and CEO and continue to let her grow the business model.   We are equally pleased to announce that Dr. Dorothy Bray remains on the Board of Directors, and the Company will continue to benefit from Dr. Bray's extensive clinical expertise. Both Dorothy and Greta serve on the Cannabis Science Inc (OTC: CBIS) Advisory Board. Cannabis Science has a vested interest in the success of OmniCanna.
Ms. Gaines' first endeavor as CEO and President is to bring to market a skin care line of products she developed called The Hempery. The skin care items are the Hempery Miracle Oil, the Hemp Milk Body Wash, the Hemp Lotion Bar, Hemp Rose Soap and Hemptastique Lip Balm.  The products' "feels as good as it heals" TM slogan was chosen because they contain an abundance of hemp seed oil and coconut oil—some of the most nutrient and protein rich ingredients available for deep moisturizing of the skin.
The initial release of the products is planned to coincide with the Patients Out of Time Ninth National Clinical Conference on Cannabis Therapeutics, May 21-23, 2015 at the Palm Beach County Convention Center.  Alongside Cannabis Science Inc (OTC: CBIS), The Hempery will have a presence as a sponsor for a golf tournament and products will be available to sample and for sale.   
Ms. Gaines is a well-known businesswoman in the industry.  She is known as an innovator especially in her favorite niche—the hemp market.  She believes in the use of hemp and proudly develops hemp-based solutions. She has the deepest faith in hemp as a valuable and healing commodity.
Greta served on the national board of NORML for 3 years and remains on its advisory board. She is also on the advisory board of Patients Out of Time and Tennesseans United.  Greta has displayed a lifelong pattern of success in business from her early days as the first women's extreme snowboarding world champion to running her own snowboarding camps for women.  Greta went on to produce her own television programming on the shows she hosted for Oxygen and ESPN 2.  She furthers her success in the entertainment industry with multiple southern-rock album releases.  Ms. Gaines has owned and operated her own record label since 1999, through which she has learned marketing, distribution and production. Greta is an artist and has used that talent in her branding and company marketing campaigns, including social media.  Ms. Gaines' opinions are nationally respected in the industry and beyond. She routinely speaks at national industry conventions and educational forums. 
Ms. Gaines appreciates the historical relevance of hemp and how it can positively impact the American economy on a number of levels, from farming to product development and sales. Women are believed to purchase as much as 80% of household products. This makes Ms. Gaines' renowned voice in the market vital to the Company, as the Company believes that women will be the first to invest in and use OmniCanna products. 
"My relationship with the Company and its Board has been amazing since the beginning; I was privileged to be brought onto the team a couple of years ago when OmniCanna Health Solutions purchased some of my products.  It is an honor to have made the progress we have and I am excited at what the prospects are for the company going into 2016," stated Ms. Gaines, Director, President and CEO, OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. 
"The timing is perfect for Greta's appointment which comes right as we have gotten final approval to release The Hempery products.   We feel that our financial filings, delayed because of a third-party auditor issue, will be up to date and current by the end of the year.  We are confident that we will also benefit from a full line of products and cash flow," stated Robert Kane, Director and CFO.
The name, OmniCanna Health Solutions™ is a revitalized name of the Company from Endocan Corporation. The Company website has changed accordingly to www.omnicanna.com. 
About The Hempery
The Hempery products truly are nature's perfect skin care because they contain an abundance of pure hemp seed oil and coconut oil. Hemp seed oil has been called "nature's perfect food for humanity." A rare protein known as globule edestins is found only in the hemp seed and it mimics the globulin found in blood plasma. Hemp contains all the essential amino acids necessary for human life. Coconut oil also contains a unique combination of fatty acids with powerful medicinal properties. Skin is the largest and fastest growing organ in the body. Since skin absorbs a large part of what we put on it—why not use the most regenerative and nourishing substances available? The base of all the products in The Hempery collection is the unique pairing of hemp seed oil and coconut oil—an ultra nutritious treat for the skin. Your skin can now experience the miracle of their benefits every day.
About OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc.OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc. is currently developing new natural hemp based products based on innovative formulations to utilize the unique and potent benefits of the hemp plant. Medicinal properties of hemp have been known and applied for thousands of years. With the aid of scientific research, OmniCanna Health Solutions is translating such knowledge into development of effective hemp formulation-based health and wellness solutions as well as cosmeceutical, nutraceutical, and food brands throughout the world. The Company's health and wellness, nutritional, and cosmetics lines will address personal needs and will evolve with the introduction of new formulations and products, advancing the Company within the expanding multibillion-dollar global market.
Forward Looking Statements This Press Release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. A statement containing words such as "anticipate," "seek," intend," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "project," or similar phrases may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some or all of the events or results anticipated by these forward-looking statements may not occur. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include the future U.S. and global economies, the impact of competition, and the Company's reliance on existing regulations regarding the use and development of cannabis-based drugs and products. The Company does not undertake any duty nor does it intend to update the results of these forward-looking statements.
OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc.Greta Gaines, CEO and Presidentinfo@omnicanna.comwww.OmniCanna.com +1.844.436.7379Investment Inquiriesinvestors@omnicanna.comRobert Kane, Director, CFO & Sr Vp of Business Developmentrobert.kane@omnicanna.com+1.561.420.4824
 
 SOURCE  OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.omnicanna.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 20, 2015, 09:12 ET
Preview: OmniCanna (ENDO) Today Launches www.TheHempery.com "Specialized Hemp Based Health and Wellness" Online Store













Jun 10, 2014, 14:40 ET
Preview: Endocan Corporation Changes Corporate Name to OmniCanna Health Solutions, Inc.






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 