


Reflections on a Moon by William Galvin (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Reflections on a Moon
                


By William Galvin 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 206 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $15.00
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days


My wife, my friend, my soul mate - Deborah Mary (Mosher) Galvin... she succumbed to ALS in early 2015, at age 63. This was an absurd travesty, since she loved life, loved good conversation, saw beauty in everyone and everything; and had fought bravely and valiantly for 36 years against Systemic Lupus. But, she remained young at heart and spirit, and full of love, till the very end.

The first and last poems in this book are about that flower that blessed my life. I hope that, when taken all together, this compilation conveys some of the simple truths about love and life... there are tears and fears, but there are also smiles and laughter... and there is the light of recovery after loss.

When taken as a whole, it is not a story about ALS and suffering; it is about those private journeys we all will need to take; the trials and tribulations; the joys and rewards; beginnings and endings; travels inward, outward, and upward; and, in the final analysis, it is not just 
A Love Story... it... More > is simply... Life.< Less









Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  35021 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
        William E. Galvin (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
First Edition
Publisher
William E. Galvin
Published
    January 6, 2016

Language
English
Pages
206
Binding
Coil
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.8 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/william-galvin/reflections-on-a-moon/paperback/product-22515032.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

grief and loss,                ALS,                recovery after loss 
Listed In

 Poetry


More From     
                                William Galvin                    










                        Ripples
            

By William Galvin 

            Paperback:        

$8.00







                        Musings and Reflections
            

By William Galvin 

            Paperback:        

$15.00
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




Services | Galvin III, William, MD North Chelmsford, MA 01863 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons, Obstetrics And Gynecology near North Chelmsford, MAGalvin III, William, MDServicesGalvin III, William, MD20 Research Pl Ste 320, North Chelmsford, MA 01863(978) 256-1858View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians RadiologistUltrasoundFor our patients’ convenience, our office provides on-site ultrasound services as well as our easily accessible laboratory and x-ray services located at 10 Research Place.  You may pre-register for these services with Lowell General Hospital’s Patient Service Center by phone at (978) 937-6429 or by going online.*General PractitionersPrimary CareIf your insurance company requires a referral, please call your primary care physician prior to your appointment to arrange for it.Urinary IncontinenceWe provide special expertise in gynecologic care, obstetrics, urinary incontinence, menopause and gynecologic cancer. We offer the most up-to-date technology for diagnosis and treatment. During your office visits, we make a special effort to explain everything to you regarding your condition, any prescribed medications and treatment plan.GynecologistsObstetricsSend to PhoneGalvin III, William, MD20 Research Pl Ste 320, North Chelmsford, MA 01863(978) 256-1858Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailGalvin III, William, MD20 Research Pl Ste 320, North Chelmsford, MA 01863(978) 256-1858Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




Galvin William J Custom Painting in Canoga Park, CA 91303 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Canoga Park
» Residential Building Construction
» Galvin William J Custom Painting













Galvin William J Custom Painting


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





7357 Deering Ave  Canoga Park, California 91303


(818) 348-4670
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Galvin William J Custom Painting is located at the address 7357 Deering Ave in Canoga Park, California 91303.  They can be contacted via phone at (818) 348-4670 for pricing, hours and directions.  Galvin William J Custom Painting specializes in Terraces, Ceilings, Pressure Washers.  Galvin William J Custom Painting has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact William  Galvin, Owner or  go to www.galvinpainting.comGalvin William J Custom Painting provides Installation & Replacements, Power Washing, Cleaning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Galvin William J Custom Painting view the map to the right.  For reviews of Galvin William J Custom Painting see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Seamless Aluminum Gutters
, Gutters & Downspouts
, Ceramic
, Soffits & Fascia
, Doors
, Flooring
, Paint
, Laminates
, Replacement Windows
, Vinyl Siding



SERVICES


Power Washing
, Installation & Replacements
, Water Systems
, Consultations
, Disinfecting
, Painting
, Sand & Gravel Work
, Shrub Work
, Inspections
, Cleaning


 BRANDS


GAF
, American Standard
, Armstrong
, Timberline
, Sherwin Williams
, Owens Corning
, Velux
, Vista Paints
, Cabot
, Alcoa


 SPECIALTIES


Terraces
, Pressure Washers
, Flooring
, Ceilings
, Enclosures
, Stucco
, Garages
, Industrial
, Offices
, Roofing



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (818) 348-4670
Phone2: (818) 348-8697
Website: www.galvinpainting.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 19
Exact Sales Volume: 47000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
Specialties: Framing, Frames, Offices
CATEGORIES:


Residential Building Construction
Painting & Wall Covering Contractors
Construction
Building Construction
Specialty Contractors



People Also Viewed


TRUE SOURCE


7452 Deering Ave  Canoga Park, California 91303




Barton Construction


7236 Deering Ave  Canoga Park, California 91303




Affiliated Builders


21840 Schoenborn St  Canoga Park, California 91304




Y A CONSTRUCTION


8900 Megan Pl  Canoga Park, California 91304




Tiffanys Construction


8523 Independence Ave  Canoga Park, California 91304




RALPH LAUREN PAINTS


6941 Topanga Canyon Blvd  Canoga Park, California 91303





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




William  Galvin
Owner

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM






























William Francis Galvin, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts



  
  



Home
Directions
Contact Us



















Investor Alert: Commonwealth Public Law Office Scam (PDF)



Securities Online Investor Complaint Form
Click here to file information on Fraudulent or 
            Dishonest Investment Conduct








 


William Francis Galvin, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts home page

 

Elections and 
                Voting





Online Voter Registration
Where Do I Vote?
Am I Registered
                  to Vote?
More Options...



 

Corporations





Search the Corporate Database
Search the UCC Database
Filing Methods
More Options...





 

Securities





Enforcement Section
Registration, Inspections, Compliance, and Examinations Section (RICE)
Corporate Finance Section
More Options...



 

Citizen Information Service





How To...
Citizens' Guide to State Services
Popular Information
More Options...





 

Lobbyist





Sign in to your account
Lobbyist Public Search
Lobbyist FAQs
More Options...



 

Massachusetts 
                Archives





Research Your Family's History
Search our Databases
Collections Overview
More Options...





 

Massachusetts 
                Historical Commission





About MHC
Learn & Research
Massachusetts Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit
More Options...



 

Public Records/
                Commissions





Making a Request for Public Records in Massachusetts
Marriages in Massachusetts
Secretary of the Commonwealth's Records Access Officer (RAO) 
More Options...





 

Publications & Regulations/Bookstore





Shop the Bookstore
Central Register
Massachusetts Register
More Options...



 

Registry of Deeds





Locate my Registry of 
                  Deeds Office
Homestead Protection Act
Fee Schedule
More Options...





 

Commonwealth 
                Museum





Permanent Exhibit
Lobby Exhibit
Field Trip Programs
More Options...



 

State House
                Tours





How do I book a tour?
Holidays and Hours
A Tour of the State House
More Options...





 

State Records Center





About the State Records Center
Records Center Forms
Retrieval and Return of Records
More Options...



 

Regional Offices





Western Office
Southeastern Office
More Options...





 

Address Confidentiality Program (ACP)





About ACP
ACP FAQs
More Options...



 

Census





LUCA
Redistricting Data Program 
Local












William Francis Galvin, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











William E Galvin Company - Novi, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



Novi



Business Services, Nec



Financial Services



                            William E Galvin Company
                                    



 







































W 


William E Galvin Company
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



43450 W 10 MILE RD NOVI, MI 48375
Get Directions



(248) 869-2228
WEGalvin@GalvinCo.com





Business Details
Call Today!



Products
Bios
Events
Menu





Business Info



 Founded 1990
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Financial Services
 Contacts William Galvin







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mr. Galvin has worked professionally as a financial planner and insurance agent since 1990.  His agency, The William E. Galvin Company, is located in Novi, MI and associated with TDA Insurance and Financial Services.  

The William E. Galvin Company has an emphasis on group and employee benefits for businesses, including insurance and retirement planning.  

Mr. Galvin also actively advises high net worth individuals with their insurance, investment and financial planning goals.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 




William F. Galvin News - The New York Times























































Sections
Home
Search
Skip to content









Times Topics|William F. Galvin

 

Search


Log In

Settings




Close search

search sponsored by






 






William F. Galvin






News about William F. Galvin, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.
 

/svc/timestopic/v1/topic.json?limit=10&type=article%2Cblogpost&fq=persons%3A%22GALVIN%2C+WILLIAM+F%22&
{"type":"article","show_header_text":true,"header":"ARTICLES ABOUT WILLIAM F. GALVIN ","query":"per = \"GALVIN, WILLIAM F\"","search_query":"persons:\"GALVIN, WILLIAM F\"","num_search_articles":"10","show_summary":true,"show_byline":true,"show_pub_date":true,"hide_thumbnails":false,"show_kicker":false,"show_title":false,"show_related_topics":true,"show_rad_links":true,"show_subtopics":true,"exclude_topics":"GALVIN, WILLIAM F","more_on_header":"MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:","alternate_index_subidx":"","show_thumbnails":true}
36
ARTICLES ABOUT WILLIAM F. GALVIN 



Newest First | Oldest First

Page: 


← prev
next →




	           There are more articles available on this topic, but we can't display them here. Try narrowing your results by using the search bar below.
	        















Massachusetts Regulator Says Real Estate Affiliate Faked Proxy Votes
By LIZ MOYER
The vote was crucial to the sale of American Realty businesses to the private equity giant Apollo Global Management, a deal that later collapsed....
November 13, 2015, Friday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Real Estate and Housing (Residential)
                		                			,
                		                	                		Shareholder Rights and Activism
                		                			,
                		                	                		Private Equity
                		                			,
                		                	                		American Realty Capital Properties Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Apollo Global Management
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Massachusetts



Massachusetts Accuses Fidelity of Failing to Block Unregistered Advisers
By LIZ MOYER
The secretary of the commonwealth said that Fidelity Brokerage Service had acted as a “haven from regulatory oversight” for unregistered advisers....
October 27, 2015, Tuesday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Fidelity Investments
                		                			,
                		                	                		Massachusetts
                		                			,
                		                	                		Securities and Commodities Violations
                		                			,
                		                	                		Financial Brokers
                		                			,
                		                	                		Customer Relations
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F





Finra Fines Citigroup Over Acts by Analysts
By MICHAEL CORKERY
Citigroup agreed to settle the case with Finra for $15 million without admitting or denying the accusations, which involved interactions between the bank’s research analysts and its clients....
November 24, 2014, Monday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Spitzer, Eliot L
                		                			,
                		                	                		Massachusetts
                		                			,
                		                	                		Citadel Investment Group
                		                			,
                		                	                		Citigroup Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
                		                			,
                		                	                		SAC Capital Advisors
                		                			,
                		                	                		T Rowe Price Group Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Banking and Financial Institutions
                		                			,
                		                	                		Fines (Penalties)
                		                			,
                		                	                		Identification Devices
                		                			,
                		                	                		Initial Public Offerings
                		                			,
                		                	                		Regulation and Deregulation of Industry
                		                			,
                		                	                		Research
                		                			,
                		                	                		Stocks and Bonds
                		                			,
                		                	                		Suits and Litigation (Civil)
                		                			,
                		                	                		Tennis





SAC's Forceful Ways Shown in Massachusetts Citi Case 
By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON and BEN PROTESS
In a case against Citigroup, the Massachusetts attorney general details how the indicted hedge fund SAC relentlessly pursued an edge in stock trading....
October 3, 2013, Thursday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Massachusetts
                		                			,
                		                	                		SAC Capital Advisors
                		                			,
                		                	                		Insider Trading
                		                			,
                		                	                		Foxconn Technology
                		                			,
                		                	                		Securities and Commodities Violations
                		                			,
                		                	                		Citigroup Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F





State Regulator Opens Inquiry Into Products Sold to Older Investors
By NATHANIEL POPPER
The top financial regulator in Massachusetts has asked 15 brokerage firms, including Merrill Lynch and LPL Financial, about the way they have marketed “high-risk, esoteric products” to older investors....
July 10, 2013, Wednesday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Massachusetts
                		                			,
                		                	                		Advertising and Marketing
                		                			,
                		                	                		Stocks and Bonds
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		LPL Financial
                		                			,
                		                	                		Merrill Lynch & Co





Making Them Pay (and Confess)
By GRETCHEN MORGENSON
Mary Jo White, the new head of the Securities and Exchange Commission, has a chance to scuttle the practice of letting companies settle cases without admitting fault....
January 27, 2013, Sunday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		White, Mary Jo
                		                			,
                		                	                		Securities and Exchange Commission
                		                			,
                		                	                		Suits and Litigation
                		                			,
                		                	                		Regulation and Deregulation of Industry
                		                			,
                		                	                		Bharara, Preet
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Banking and Financial Institutions



Massachusetts Fines Morgan Stanley Over Facebook I.P.O.
By SUSANNE CRAIG and BEN PROTESS
The state’s top financial regulator accused the bank of improperly influencing the I.P.O. process....
December 17, 2012, Monday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Grimes, Michael
                		                			,
                		                	                		Massachusetts
                		                			,
                		                	                		Facebook Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Morgan Stanley
                		                			,
                		                	                		Banking and Financial Institutions
                		                			,
                		                	                		Initial Public Offerings




Citigroup Pays Fine and Fires Star Technology Analyst
By BEN PROTESS and RANDALL SMITH
Citigroup paid a $2 million fine and fired two employees after authorities accused the bank of improperly disclosing confidential information to media outlets about YouTube's earnings and Facebook's initial public offering....
October 26, 2012, Friday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Mahaney, Mark S
                		                			,
                		                	                		Citigroup Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Facebook Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Securities and Exchange Commission
                		                			,
                		                	                		TechCrunch
                		                			,
                		                	                		YouTube.com
                		                			,
                		                	                		Securities and Commodities Violations



Massachusetts Asks Banks For Details On Recruiting
By SUSANNE CRAIG and AZAM AHMED
The top financial regulator in Massachusetts on Tuesday asked many of Wall Street's biggest banks for more information on their hedge fund recruiting services.     In a letter of inquiry sent to Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, UBS a...
October 12, 2011, Wednesday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		GALVIN, WILLIAM F
                		                			,
                		                	                		MASSACHUSETTS
                		                			,
                		                	                		DEUTSCHE BANK AG
                		                			,
                		                	                		MORGAN STANLEY
                		                			,
                		                	                		UBS AG
                		                			,
                		                	                		BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION
                		                			,
                		                	                		GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
                		                			,
                		                	                		BANKING AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                		                			,
                		                	                		HEDGE FUNDS



Massachusetts Asks Banks for Details on Recruiting
By SUSANNE CRAIG and AZAM AHMED
The top financial regulator in Massachusetts is concerned about the staffing services provided to hedge funds by big Wall Street banks....
October 11, 2011, Tuesday

                	MORE ON WILLIAM F. GALVIN AND:                	                		Deutsche Bank AG|DB|NYSE
                		                			,
                		                	                		Hedge Funds
                		                			,
                		                	                		Bank of America Corporation|BAC|NYSE
                		                			,
                		                	                		Banking and Financial Institutions
                		                			,
                		                	                		Galvin, William F
                		                			,
                		                	                		Bank of America Corporation
                		                			,
                		                	                		News
                		                			,
                		                	                		Deutsche Bank AG
                		                			,
                		                	                		UBS AG|UBS|NYSE
                		                			,
                		                	                		Goldman Sachs Group Inc
                		                			,
                		                	                		Morgan Stanley|MS|NYSE
                		                			,
                		                	                		Morgan Stanley
                		                			,
                		                	                		UBS AG
                		                			,
                		                	                		Goldman Sachs Group Inc|GS|NYSE















Most EmailedMost ViewedRecommended














Rss Feeds On William F. Galvin
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.  What is RSS?





William F. Galvin




Get Alerts On William F. Galvin
Receive My Alerts e-mails on topics covered on this page.

GALVIN, WILLIAM F

More Alerts >>





 
































Anixter Appoints 29-Year Company Veteran As President & COO














































Skip to main content










Home
TopicsAssociations
Awards/Promotions
Business Technology
Earnings
Economic Trends
Logistics
Mergers and Acquisitions
Operations
Project Management
Purchasing
Sales Management
Software
Supply Chain
Workforce Development

Big 50
WatchManufacturing Minute
Quick Hits

Search
SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsMNET
CHEM
FM
IMPO
MBT
PP

 





Advertisement 

 





Advertisement 

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 






  
 Anixter Appoints 29-Year Company Veteran As President & COO 
05/30/2017 - 9:26am
 Comments 
  
 by Anixter 
   

 











 



Awards/Promotions 






William GalvinAnixter EVP - Network and Security Solutions, Will Become President and COO on July 1 



GLENVIEW, IL — Anixter International announced tuesday that William Galvin has been promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer by its Board of Directors, effective July 1, 2017.
Galvin, age 54, currently Executive Vice President - Network and Security Solutions, has been with the Company for 29 years. In this role since 2012, Mr. Galvin has led this market-leading global business driving a significant expansion of the value-added supply chain services, and more recently, the strategic integration of the Tri-Ed Security Products acquisition. Prior to his current role, he held the position of Executive Vice President – North America and EMEA, Network and Security Solutions, preceded by positions of increasing responsibility across the Sales and Marketing organizations.
Commenting on this appointment, Robert J. Eck, Chief Executive Officer, said, “The appointment of Bill Galvin to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer is a result of the Company’s growth and expansion into new markets and product lines in recent years. Bill’s outstanding track record at Anixter has demonstrated that he possesses the qualities and experience necessary to lead the larger organization to continued success.”
The Anixter Board of Directors has also approved the promotion of William C. Geary II to replace Mr. Galvin as Executive Vice President - Network and Security Solutions. Mr. Geary, age 47, currently Senior Vice President – International, Network and Security Solutions, has been with Anixter for 22 years. Geary demonstrated strong leadership in this role and in previous leadership roles including President of Accu-Tech. “I have worked closely with Bill for over 10 years and know the passion and drive that he brings to the business will allow him to lead a successful business to even greater levels of performance,” commented Bill Galvin.
Sam Zell, Chairman of the Anixter Board of Directors, said, “Anixter has always been a company with extremely strong leadership. Over the last three years, the Company made two strategic acquisitions that have both brought greater opportunity for growth as well as additional complexity. These executive management changes reflect the Board’s desire to ensure there is sufficient depth and breadth to the management team in order for the Company to continue to execute effectively on all of its growth strategies.”
 






      Related Reads    







Reliance Steel Announces Executive Leadership Succession Plan







Parker Hannifin Elects New CEO, President







Wesco Aircraft Appoints New CEO, COO




Salix Pharmaceuticals CEO to Retire





 









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 





























      Connect with Industrial Distribution    

Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Directory FAQs
Editorial Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Associations
Awards/Promotions
Big 50
Business Technology
Earnings
Economic Trends
Logistics
Mergers and Acquisitions
Operations
Project Management
Purchasing
Sales Management
Software
Supply Chain
Workforce Development
 



© Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 









Advertisement 

 






 



 










 

























 





  

 






  



 










 












Galvin Targets Alt Mutual Fund Sales With Exam Sweep


 



































 



 Investment Advisor
Tech Center
Retirement Wire











 






 Investment Advisor
Tech Center





Trigger






 





 












Most Popular






Gary Shilling: Deflation Likely; Fed ‘Completely Clueless’







Morningstar: Industry’s Idea of Clean Shares May Not Be Clean Enough







Wells Fargo Data Breach Was Blunder by Lawyer















  This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers, click the "Reprints" link at the bottom of any article. 
  
July 15, 2015

    Galvin Targets Alt Mutual Fund Sales With Exam Sweep  
Massachusetts has subpoenaed state-registered advisors on their supervision, compliance and training regarding a host of alt funds








William Galvin said these products “can be accidents waiting to happen.”





Massachusetts securities regulator William Galvin said Wednesday that he has launched an exam sweep of state registered advisors’ sales of alternative mutual funds offered by some of the largest money managers, as these products “can be accidents waiting to happen.”
While alternative mutual funds have grown in popularity because they offer liquidity and higher returns compared to other registered mutual funds, these funds can use investing strategies more commonly used by hedge funds “such as using derivatives to increase leverage as well as short-selling and trading in future contracts,” Galvin noted.









Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to ThinkAdvisor.com, part of your ALM digital membership.

Your access to unlimited ThinkAdvisor.com content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive:


                     Critical ThinkAdvisor information including continuing education articles and quizzes, Fact Sheets, Investing Guides, educational webcasts and videos, resources from industry leaders, and informative eNewsletters. 
                  

                     Exclusive discounts on ALM and ThinkAdvisor events. 
                  

                     Access to other award-winning ALM publications including GlobeSt.com and Law.com.
                  




Register Now


                  Already have an account? Sign In


















« Prev
Next »








Reprints
Discuss this story

We welcome your thoughts. Please allow time for your contribution to be approved and posted. Thank you.


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 















By Melanie Waddell


Washington Bureau Chief
Investment Advisor Magazine
@Think_MelanieW


Share this story







 












Want the latest investment news?
Sign up for the free Daily Wire newsletter bringing you the latest market updates, advisor best practices, industry statistics, and commentary to grow your business and manage your practice.





Sign up now—it's Free!
Subscribe Now →

You are signed up! 










Sponsor Showcase





         padding: 0px 81px;width: inherit;          
         

Retirement Wire
Your resource for news, research and analysis to help you deliver more effective outcomes to your clients.                         
          width:300px!important;max-height:36px;          
         
ThinkAdvisor TechCenter
ThinkAdvisor's TechCenter is an educational resource designed to give you a competitive edge by keeping you abreast of new tech innovations and need-to-know information that can be applied to your business.                        
          width:300px!important;max-height:36px;          
         

Financial Education Resource Center
ThinkAdvisor and the College for Financial Planning have partnered to bring you a series of helpful educational tools that you can use to take your career to the next level.                        









Resources







Bond Ladders May Not be the Best Investment Strategy
One of the most popular investment strategies may be one of the least successful.



An Insider's Guide to Bond Opportunities
Find out how to cut through interest-rate noise.



5 ways Rising Interest Rates Could Affect Investors
Now may be a good time for investors to revisit their fixed-Income strategy.


View All Resources










Webcasts






Vision From A Better Angle
Sep 13, 2017
Join this complimentary webcast to learn a new way to evaluate vision benefits so you have truly useful information that will help you find the...


Keeping Compliant with the DOL’s First Fiduciary Rule Deadline
Jul 19, 2017
The first compliance deadline for the DOL’s fiduciary rule has kicked in … are you in compliance?


How to Craft Benefits Packages that Bridge Generations
Jun 29, 2017
Join this complimentary webcast to dive into the imperative demand benefits professionals, employers, and HR representatives must meet when it comes to customizing benefits packages,...


View All Webcasts






















 




Featured Video

Preparing clients for life’s unexpected moments

Provided by Prudential Advisors
See how Prudential Advisors helped one couple take on a challenge they didn’t see coming.*Prudential Advisors is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.

Share this video













Most Recent Videos









Essential Advisor Bill Shiffman on Being Proactive 












SMA Manager of the Year Libby Toudouze on Energy and Growth 












SMA Manager of the Year James Donald on Taking Risks












SMA Manager of the Year Jon Christensen on Valuation and Business Analysis







Video Library ››





 




Also in Mutual Funds

Trump Replaces Priebus as Chief of Staff With DHS Chief Kelly
Clock Ticking on New York Cyber Regs
Galvin Slams SEC's Piwowar Over Anti-Fiduciary Rule Comments
New Wells Fargo Scandal in Car Loans Seen as Proof Controls Still Lacking
What's Next for Crypto Coins as SEC Tames Wild West of Finance

More Mutual Funds




Explore Tags

Legal & Compliance
Mutual Funds
Alternative Investments
Massachusetts
William Galvin
Kara Stein
Massachusetts Securities Division
Prequin









 

Topic Spotlight

















Advertise


Contact


About


Privacy Policy


Press


Reprints


RSS


eNewsletters


Magazines


Editorial Calendar


Terms of Use


ALM

           Copyright © 2017 ALM Media, LLC. All Rights reserved.
					




Twitter


LinkedIn


Facebook


Google Plus















Advertisement. Closing in 15 seconds.















Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to ThinkAdvisor, part of your ALM digital membership

Your access to unlimited ThinkAdvisor content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive:


          Unlimited Digital Access to ThinkAdvisor.com and other free ALM publications
        

          5 free articles across the ALM subscription network every 30 days 
        

          Your choice of ThinkAdvisor digital newsletters and over 70 others from popular sister publications
        

          Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications
        




Register Now


        Already have an account? Sign In





*May exclude premium content
      




X

Sign in with your ALM Account





Remember Me




Or...
Sign In With LinkedIn

Register for an Account | Forgot Your Password






*May exclude premium content
          


















Galvin files fraud charges against investment adviser - The Boston Globe





Galvin files fraud charges against investment adviser - The Boston Globe














































 

























SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In







7:10 PM

Royals
KC
0


Red Sox
BOS
0

7:10 PM






Menu




SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In




Business & Tech







Digital Access
99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks
Subscribe
Subscribe



Home Delivery
Save 50% off the regular rate
Subscribe
Subscribe

Already a subscriber? Members Sign In




  









Mass. secretary of state files charges against investment adviser









E-Mail

Share via e-mail




To



Add a message



Your e-mail







Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn




 Comments



Print



The Boston Globe

Tweet

Share












Jessica Rinaldi/Globe Staff/File 2013
Secretary of State William F. Galvin filed suit against Roger S. Zullo of LPL Financial, alleging he defrauded clients.



By Beth Healy
	Globe Staff 
	December 01, 2016







Secretary of State William F. Galvin on Thursday filed civil fraud charges against an investment adviser with Boston-based LPL Financial for allegedly selling costly variable annuities to retirees and health care workers, reaping $1.8 million in commissions.The adviser, Roger S. Zullo, allegedly sold unsuitable annuity investments to at least 11 clients, generating large payouts for himself and the brokerage firm.
Advertisement

 
In one case, according to the complaint, Zullo in 2015 moved a client over age 80 and in declining health into a “deferred” annuity that would not provide her any income for at least two years. He had the woman meet him at a subway station near his office to sign the paperwork, according to the complaint, for an investment that cost her $1,391 in surrender fees and “deprived the client of income she relied on to pay for the basic costs of living.”“The annuity switch provided Zullo and LPL with cash up front, while devastating the client financially,’’ the complaint said. Galvin’s office alleged that Zullo knew the product would not provide immediate income.



      Get Talking Points in your inbox:
    

        An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays.






Sign Up





    Thank you for signing up!
    Sign up for more newsletters here


A lawyer for Zullo was not immediately available for comment.
In a statement, LPL spokesman Jeffrey Mochal said, “We take our responsibility to supervise very seriously and are committed to serving our investors. We are reviewing the matter and hope to work with the Massachusetts Securities Division to reach a full resolution.”Galvin alleged that LPL failed to properly supervise Zullo, instead rewarding him by naming him to the firm’s “chairman’s club” for top annuity producers, despite red flags about his sales tactics.

Advertisement



 
A supervisor allegedly warned LPL managers in 2014 that Zullo was selling a lot of a single product, and had a pattern of switching customers into new annuities every six or seven years to generate commissions.Galvin and the Securities Division he oversees are looking to permanently bar Zullo from the securities business in Massachusetts.The complaint calls for Zullo and LPL to repay clients for their losses. It also calls on LPL to retain an independent investigator and compliance consultant to probe Zullo’s annuity sales and recommend improvements to the firm’s supervisory process.Galvin said there could be more clients affected by Zullo’s practices. Zullo allegedly told Securities Division investigators that he started pursuing clients in health care facilities as far back as 1987, through investment seminars at Boston hospitals.Beth Healy can be reached at beth.healy@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @HealyBeth.












Real journalists. Real journalism. 
Subscribe to The Boston Globe today.





















					One free article left.  Subscribe now →


					You have one free article left.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →













					Last free article.  Subscribe now →


					This is your last free article.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →











					We hope you've enjoyed your free articles.
				

					Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢.
				

Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home








Wake up with today’s top stories
Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds.
Connect with Facebook
or


Sign up & return to story
Please enter a valid email

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
Close










Thanks for signing up
Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters

Return to your story
Close







 


Subscriber Log In
We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles'
Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢.
Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢



Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source.

High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom
Convenient access across all of your devices
Today’s Headlines daily newsletter
Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more
Less than 25¢ a week

 




 
 







GET FULL ACCESS NOW
GET FULL ACCESS NOW


 






 














