

Michael Gamson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:13 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Freepoint Commodities LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael   Gamson  Senior Managing Director, Freepoint Commodities LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. Michael Gamson serves as Senior Managing Director of Freepoint Commodities LLC. Mr. Gamson is an in charge of developing a domestic refined petroleum products business. He is an international energy trader with more than 30 years of experience, He specializes in physical arbitrage, futures trading, and refining and marketing in the oil products business. He was part of the management team at Vitol, served as a Senior Partner, Shareholder and Vice Chairman of its ... trading committee. Since 1996, he helped grow Vitol into the largest physical oil trading company in the world for Over 13 years. He retired from Vitol in 2009. He began his career in 1979 with the commodity trading firm Philipp Brothers in Los Angeles, Calif. and managed the Philipp Brothers's Greenwich, Conn.-based clean products trading business from 1986 to 1990. From 1990 to 1996, he served as a Partner in Amerada Hess's startup of a physical and paper oil trading platform.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
58 Commerce RoadStamford, Connecticut 06902United StatesPhone: 203-542-6000Fax: 203-547-6162
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Freepoint Commodities LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























LinkedIn exec shares the best hiring lesson of his career - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Strategy























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








A top LinkedIn exec says a comment from one of his employees taught him a hiring lesson he never forgot












Richard Feloni












Apr.  5, 2017,  3:50 PM



58,506




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Mike Gamson, LinkedIn's
  senior vice president of global solutions.
LinkedIn




  About five years ago, Mike Gamson and the rest of the LinkedIn
  leadership team were wrapping up a successful corporate event
  when one of his employees approached him and asked, "Why were all
  of the presenters on the main stage men?"


  "I said two bad things," Gamson told Business Insider. He told
  her he didn't notice, and then he said it was just because those
  were all the people who were running LinkedIn's departments.


  "And she goes, 'That's my point!'" he said.


READ MORE:

The CEO of Casper shares the biggest lesson he's learned
  from growing his mattress company to $750 million in 5
  years



  As LinkedIn's senior vice president of global solutions, Gamson
  oversees about half of the professional social network's roughly
  10,000 employees. He was also responsible for overseeing the
  launch of many of LinkedIn's 30 offices throughout the world.


  Gamson, who has been at the company for nearly 10 years, said he
  considered the awkward conversation after that event the catalyst
  for one of the best lessons of his career: He tended to hire
  executives who looked, thought, and acted like him.


  Silicon Valley has a long history of being white and male — and
  more recently of tech leaders trying too hard to compensate. (For
  example, John Zimmer, the cofounder and president of Lyft,
  
  recently proclaimed his ride-sharing company was the "woke"
  alternative to what he deemed was its less progressive
  competitor, Uber. That was greeted
  with eye rolls.)


  Gamson admits that he and the fellow male leaders on his team
  started their new initiative basically by congratulating one
  another on their social awareness.


  "The first year of serious intent was pretty much a total failure
  in terms of changing things — just a group of guys just sitting
  around saying: 'Aren't we enlightened? We care about this. We're
  going to try to do something,'" he said. "That didn't work."


READ MORE: 
  The Arby's CEO asked 1,000 US employees the same question before
  his hugely successful brand turnaround


  Gamson eventually realized it would be smarter to partner with
  top female employees rather than "woke" guys. So he did that,
  launched the WiN women's initiative at LinkedIn, and developed a
  three-tiered approach: rethink talent acquisition, focus on
  developing talented women already at the company, and implement
  unconscious-bias training.





LinkedIn's New York office.
Sarah Jacobs




  "The main lesson is this," 
  Gamson wrote in a blog post. "If you are a male leader at a
  fast-growing company and don't deliberately hire for a diverse
  workforce from the beginning, eventually most of your hires and
  leaders are going to be much like you. In fact, probably too much
  like you because the default position of hiring is to tap your
  friends, and friends of friends who are likely to look, think,
  act and speak like you, and who often come from similar
  backgrounds."


  He told us that while the issue of fewer women pursuing
  engineering careers is a complex one connected to the lack of
  female representation in tech roles at big Silicon Valley
  companies, he realized that the sections he oversaw — essentially
  LinkedIn's non-tech departments — did not have such a talent-pool
  problem.


  LinkedIn, like other major tech players, is still largely male
  and white, but it has been moving the needle on diversity.


  According to its 
  2016 diversity report, the company is 58% male and 42%
  female. Tech is 80-20 male, but non-tech is 48% male and 52%
  female. LinkedIn's leadership is 65% male and 35% female.


READ MORE: 
  The fact that I couldn't answer a career coach's simple questions
  showed me I'd been making a crucial mistake at work


  Since 2014, when WiN began, overall female representation is up
  10%, and representation in senior sales leadership is up 44%.


  For context, 
  Facebook is 67% male and 33% female, non-tech roles are 47%
  male and 53% female, and leadership is 73% male and 27% female.

Google is 69%
  male and 31% female, non-tech roles are 53% male and 47% female,
  and leadership is 76% male and 24% female.


  Gamson said he has learned over the past few years that it's
  partly a matter of spending more time looking at qualified
  candidates rather than hiring the first person who seems to fit.


  "The first thing was just, I'm OK with instead of taking eight
  weeks it takes 14 weeks to find the right person — great, no
  problem," he said. "That was a huge difference-maker."




SEE ALSO: A top LinkedIn exec shares 2 lessons he tells the 20-somethings who come to him for career advice




NOW WATCH: Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career






Follow Instant MBA and never miss an update!



Get updates in your Facebook	news feed.



Get updates in your inbox.







Privacy Policy







Get updates in your inbox
Subscribe to Instant MBA and never miss an update!







Privacy Policy









            More:

                                                        Inside LinkedIn
Mike Gamson
Hiring
Management



Diversity
Instant MBA



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























A top LinkedIn exec says a comment from one of his employees taught him a hiring lesson he never forgot
A top LinkedIn exec says a comment from one of his employees taught him a hiring lesson he never forgot

About five years ago, Mike Gamson and the rest...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Strategy Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 



































 

Mike Gamson



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































LinkedIn Sales Connect 2014
Sales Connect 2014
















dismiss this message


















Mike Gamson

SVP of Global Solutions, LinkedIn
 


LinkedIn Profile Link





Mike Gamson

Mike Gamson joined LinkedIn in August 2007. He currently leads LinkedIn's Global Solutions Organization across the company’s 26 offices worldwide. The GSO includes various functions ranging from field sales and professional services representatives, to research analysts, account managers and operational experts. There are three primary business groups within the GSO focused on servicing corporate customers—Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, and Sales Solutions. Previously, Mike was Director of Product Marketing at Advent Software, a provider of enterprise software for investment managers, where he led the Trading and Order Management business. Mike began his career as an entrepreneur in Costa Rica, founding a restaurant and boutique hotel in 1996. He sold the business to American investors and joined Bank of America as a financial analyst in Chicago the following year. Mike holds a BA from Amherst College.







Sessions












Thursday, September 18, 2014 1:30pm - 1:55pm

Inspiring and Leading a Relationship-based Sales Culture


Mike Gamson, SVP of Global Solutions, LinkedIn


Grand Ballroom How do you inspire and lead a sales organization that understands the value of relationships? How do sales leaders strike the balance of building a relationships-first sales culture while also focusing on results? Learn from LinkedIn’s sales leader how LinkedIn has built an effective global sales team on the philosophy that relationships matter.  
















About




Speakers




Agenda




Highlights





LinkedIn Corporation © 2017

About
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
User Agreement


































Gamson  Michael - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Gamson  Michael
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Gamson  Michael. Find out Gamson  Michael address and contact details. View other people related to Gamson  Michael - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

c/o LinkedIn Corp 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View 94043 CA




Companies related to Gamson  Michael
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001271024LINKEDIN CORP1000 WEST MAUDE AVENUE  SUNNYVALE 94085




Gamson  Michael on the Web
Persons related to Gamson  Michael - LINKEDIN CORPNamePositionCityBattle  A.Mountain ViewGeorge  Battle  A.Mountain ViewGeorge  Battle  A.Mountain ViewBain Capital Venture Integral Investors, LLCBOSTONBAIN CAPITAL VENTURE INVESTORS, LLCBOSTONA GEORGE  BATTLEDirector A GEORGE  BATTLEDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWBessemer Venture Partners Co-Investment L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners Co-Investment L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI Institutional L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI Institutional L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI Institutional L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI L.P.LARCHMONTBessemer Venture Partners VI L.P.LARCHMONTKent  BullerCorporate Controller and CAO MOUNTAIN VIEWMICHAEL JOHN  CALLAHANSVP, GC and Secretary SUNNYVALEMICHAEL JOHN  CALLAHANVP, GC and Secretary MOUNTAIN VIEWCharles P  Coleman IIINEW YORKHenke  DavidMountain ViewHenke  DavidMountain ViewSze  DavidMountain ViewSze  DavidMountain ViewDeer VI & Co. LLC10% Owner LARCHMONTNishar  DipchandMountain ViewNishar  DipchandMountain ViewNishar  DipchandMountain ViewRottenberg  ErikaMountain ViewRottenberg  ErikaMountain ViewMichael  GamsonSVP, Global Solutions MOUNTAIN VIEWXI GP Limited Partnership  Greylock10% Owner MENLO PARKXI LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  GREYLOCK10% Owner MENLO PARKDavid  HenkeSVP, Operations MOUNTAIN VIEWReid  HoffmanDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWScott  JamesMountain ViewWeiner  JeffreyMountain ViewWeiner  JeffreyMountain ViewLESLIE J  KILGOREDirector LESLIE J  KILGOREDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWMICHAEL A  KRUPKABOSTONKilgore  LeslieMountain ViewKilgore  LeslieMountain ViewKvamme  MarkMountain ViewSTANLEY J  MERESMANDirector PALO ALTOSTANLEY J  MERESMANDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWGamson  MichaelMountain ViewGamson  MichaelMountain ViewMoritz  MichaelMountain ViewMoritz  MichaelMountain ViewMortiz  MichaelMountain ViewMICHAEL J  MORITZDirector REDWOOD SHORESMICHAEL J  MORITZDirector MENLO PARKDipchand  NisharSVP, Products, User Experience MOUNTAIN VIEWHoffman  ReidMountain ViewHoffman  ReidMountain ViewReid Hoffman & Michelle Yee Living TrustMOUNTAIN VIEWERIKA  ROTTENBERGVP, GC & Secretary MOUNTAIN VIEWSC XI MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner MENLO PARKJames Kevin  ScottSVP, Engineering & Operations MOUNTAIN VIEWCAPITAL XI  SEQUOIAMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL XI PRINCIPALS FUNDMENLO PARKTECHNOLOGY PARTNERS XI  SEQUOIAMENLO PARKSteven J  SordelloSVP, Chief Financial Officer ALVISOSteven J  SordelloSVP & Chief Financial officer MOUNTAIN VIEWSteven J  SordelloSVP, Chief Financial Officer MOUNTAIN VIEWMeresman  StanleyMountain ViewMeresman  StanleyMountain ViewSordello  StevenMountain ViewSordello  StevenMountain ViewDavid L  SzeDirector MENLO PARKDavid L  SzeDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWSusan J.S.  TaylorVP, Corporate Controller & CAO MOUNTAIN VIEWTiger Global Linkedin Holdings, LLCNEW YORKTIGER GLOBAL MANAGEMENT LLCNEW YORKTiger Global PIP Management V, LtdNEW YORKTiger Global PIP Performance V, L.P.NEW YORKTIGER GLOBAL PRIVATE INVESTMENT PARTNERS V LPNEW YORKPATRICIA L  WADORSSVP Global Talent Organization SANTA CLARAJEFF  WEINERChief Executive Officer MOUNTAIN VIEW
Potentially same personNameCityCountryMichael  GamsonMOUNTAIN VIEWCAGamson  MichaelMountain ViewCAGamson  MichaelChicagoILGamson  MichaelChicagoILGamson  MichaelChicagoILGAMSON  MICHAELCHICAGOIL












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 
































Barbara And Michael Gamson, 1325 Sage Court Aspen Co 81611 Us | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Barbara And Michael Gamson
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Barbara And Michael Gamson's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
1 U.S. shipment available for Barbara And Michael Gamson, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2014-05-21
See all 1 shipment record for Barbara And Michael Gamson with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Barbara And Michael Gamson
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


White Cube Art Llp 






1 supplier available
        


Top products


painting 






1 top product available
        





Contact information for Barbara And Michael Gamson


 

Address
1325 Sage Court Aspen Co 81611 Us

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Date
2014-05-21


Shipper Name
White Cube Art Llp


Shipper Address
177-179 LONG LANE, LONDON SE1 4PN GB


Consignee Name
Barbara And Michael Gamson


Consignee Address
1325 SAGE COURT, ASPEN CO 81611 US


Weight
250


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
250.0


Quantity
1


Quantity Unit
CAS


Country of Origin
United Kingdom


Details
250.0 kgFrom port: Southhampton, United KingdomTo port: Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, WashingtonVia port: The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


Place of Receipt
London


Foreign Port of Lading
Southhampton, United Kingdom


U.S. Port of Unlading
The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


Commodity
Painting.


Container
NYKU5850475


Marks Description
Barbara & Michael Gamson Aspen Co Usa


Carrier Name
S H E MARITIME SERVICES LTD


Vessel Name
DALLAS EXPRESS


Voyage Number
74W16


Bill of Lading Number
SHEMBE14040165


Master Bill of Lading Number
NYKS5581741720


HTS Codes
HTS 7318














Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 


























 



 Freepoint Commodities Hires Michael Gamson, Expanding Team of Experienced Traders 
         










    










 






 











 









Freepoint Commodities Hires Michael Gamson, Expanding Team of Experienced Traders

Jan 04, 2012, 12:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Freepoint Commodities LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


GREENWICH, Conn., Jan. 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Freepoint Commodities LLC, a physical commodity trading and marketing company with more than $300 million in committed equity capital, today announced it has hired Michael Gamson, an international energy trader with more than 30 years of experience, as a Senior Managing Director in charge of developing a domestic refined petroleum products business.
Gamson, who specializes in physical arbitrage, futures trading, and refining and marketing in the oil products business, joins a growing team of experienced traders at Freepoint, a company founded by former Sempra Energy Trading executives. Since Freepoint commenced trading on June 1, 2011, the company has hired more than 25 traders, and established offices in Greenwich, Conn., Houston, Texas, Louisville, Ky., and Boise, Idaho, and foreign offices in London, U.K. and Toronto, Canada. 
Gamson was most recently part of the management team at Vitol, serving as a senior partner, shareholder and vice chairman of its trading committee. Over 13 years beginning in 1996, he helped grow Vitol into the largest physical oil trading company in the world. He retired from Vitol in 2009.  Gamson began his career in 1979 with the commodity trading firm Philipp Brothers in Los Angeles, Calif. and managed the company's Greenwich, Conn.-based clean products trading business from 1986 to 1990.  From 1990 to 1996, Gamson was a partner in Amerada Hess's startup of a physical and paper oil trading platform. 
"When we founded Freepoint Commodities, our vision was to assemble a team of the most experienced traders in the business. Michael Gamson, with a proven track record in international energy trading for more than 30 years, exemplifies this vision," said David A. Messer, CEO of Freepoint. "We have known Michael for a long time, and are very excited to have him join the growing Freepoint team."  
"I have long been impressed with the trading platforms that David Messer and Frank Gallipoli built at AIG and Sempra Energy Trading.  I have known both David and Frank for more than 20 years and there are no two people I would rather work with on a start-up venture," said Gamson.  "There is an enormous opportunity to recreate those successful trading platforms at Freepoint, and I am delighted to join this effort as both a trader and senior investor."  
About Freepoint Commodities 
Founded by former Sempra Energy Trading executives, Freepoint Commodities is based in Greenwich, CT with 100 employees worldwide. Freepoint Commodities initiated trading and marketing in June 2011 and operates North American Natural Gas and North American and European Power groups out of locations in Connecticut, Texas, and Kentucky in the United States, as well as in Toronto, Canada, and London, United Kingdom.  Management, employees and private equity funds managed by Stone Point Capital have provided the initial equity capital for the company. 
Media Contacts: 
Ruby LandowVice President, Business Manager+1 203 542 6012info@freepointcommodities.com 
Janine SavareseRF|Binder +1 212 994 7608Janine.savarese@rfbinder.com 
 SOURCE  Freepoint Commodities LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.freepoint.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 25, 2012, 07:00 ET
Preview: Freepoint Commodities to Acquire J.P. Morgan Concentrates Business













Nov 02, 2011, 09:30 ET
Preview: Freepoint Commodities Announces $500 Million Credit Facility






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Feb 21, 2017, 09:00 ET
Freepoint Energy Solutions to Commence Operations








Feb 21, 2017, 09:00 ET
Freepoint Commodities Extends Revolving Credit Facility and...








Feb 21, 2017, 09:00 ET
Freepoint Commodities Grows its Presence in Asia











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Michael Gamson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Michael Gamson
Senior Vice President, Global Solutions at LinkedIn Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Michael Gamson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael Gamson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael Gamson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael Gamson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael Gamson through your network of contacts.
												








Michael Gamson's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President, Global Solutions, 
LinkedIn Corporation


Past
To view Michael Gamson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Amherst College


Age
42

 
 


Michael Gamson's Biography



Michael Gamson is an executive officer and has served as our Senior Vice President, Global Solutions since January 2011. He served as our Vice President of Sales for our Hiring Solutions business from June 2008 to January 2011, and as our General Manager of LinkedIn Research Network from September 2007 to June 2008. Prior to LinkedIn, from January 1999 to August 2007, Mr. Gamson served in several roles at Advent Software, Inc., a provider of enterprise software for investment managers, including most recently as Director of Product Marketing from April 2004 to August 2007. Mr. Gamson serves as a director of several private companies and holds ...
(Read More)

			Michael Gamson is an executive officer and has served as our Senior Vice President, Global Solutions since January 2011. He served as our Vice President of Sales for our Hiring Solutions business from June 2008 to January 2011, and as our General Manager of LinkedIn Research Network from September 2007 to June 2008. Prior to LinkedIn, from January 1999 to August 2007, Mr. Gamson served in several roles at Advent Software, Inc., a provider of enterprise software for investment managers, including most recently as Director of Product Marketing from April 2004 to August 2007. Mr. Gamson serves as a director of several private companies and holds a B.A. in Comparative Religions and Fine Arts from Amherst College.
		
Source: LinkedIn Corporation on 04/22/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael Gamson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael Gamson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael Gamson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael Gamson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael Gamson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael Gamson


















Michael Gamson's Connections (20)





Sign up now to view Michael Gamson's 20 connections »









A. George Battle
Chairman of the Board, Fair Isaac Corporation









Stanley J. Meresman
Board Member, Palo Alto Networks, Inc.









Leslie J. Kilgore
Board Member, Netflix, Inc.









Michael J. Moritz
Former Board Member, LinkedIn Corporation









David L. Sze
Former Board Member, LinkedIn Corporation









Dipchand V. Nishar
Board Member, TripAdvisor, Inc.









Jeffrey Weiner
Chief Executive Officer, LinkedIn Corporation









Michael J. Callahan
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, LinkedIn Corporation









Erika F. Rottenberg
Board Member, Twilio Inc.









Mark D. Kvamme
Former Board Member, LinkedIn Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













