
David R Garcia Profiles | Facebook


Jump toSection of this PageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuFacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017
















High SchoolUniversidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo (UASD)UTSA - The University of Texas at San AntonioSee more...FILTER BY CITYHobbs, New MexicoWeslaco, TexasSan Antonio, TexasLos Angeles, CaliforniaKyle, TexasLaredo, TexasSanta Ana, CaliforniaLima, PeruSan Diego, CaliforniaHuancayo, PeruSee more... -->




JERRY GARCIA & DAVID GRISMAN "Grateful Dawg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" - CountySales.com

































  Loading... Please wait...




CountySales.com




Search




Advanced Search |
					Search Tips







Home

Upcoming Releases
 
Specials
 
Newsletters
 
About
 
Contact
 
Privacy
 
Shipping & Returns
 
Payment
 
Music Links






Categories


"WHAT'S BRAND NEW"
 MORE LABELS ON SALE
 SALE - VOYAGER, SIERRA, DUAL, FGM, SCR, HRC
 SPECIAL SALE - CCCD, LDR & BACM LABELS
 SPECIAL SALE - COMPASS LABELS
 TRADITIONAL BLUEGRASS
 Contemporary Bluegrass
 Modern Bluegrass
 OLD TIME
 BLUEGRASS GOSPEL
 DOWN HOME GOSPEL
 GOSPEL MUSIC
 Country & Western
 Rebel Records Catalog
 COUNTY RECORDS CATALOG
 Bear Family Box Sets
 BOOKS
  DVDS
 Merchandise





 New Products







GOOD SHEPHERD QUARTET 'Past and Present'
$5.00


Add To Cart


 




GOOD SHEPHERD QUARTET 'Heaven Is My Home'
$5.00


Add To Cart


 




ARI VAUGHAN 'I Just Want to Thank You Lord'
$6.00


Add To Cart


 




RED CLAY RAMBLERS 'Merchants Lunch'
$6.00


Add To Cart


 




MARK KUYKENDALL , BOBBY HICKS & ASHEVILLE BLUEGRASS 'Forever and a Day'
$13.50


Add To Cart







Our Newsletter



Your First Name:

Your Email Address:










HomeContemporary BluegrassJERRY GARCIA & DAVID GRISMAN "Grateful Dawg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack"






JERRY GARCIA & DAVID GRISMAN "Grateful Dawg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack"















Click to enlarge





RRP:




Price:
						
$8.00
							(excluding tax) 
						



SKU:
						
							ACD-46-CD
						



Vendor:
						




Brand:
						





Condition:
						




Weight:
						
							0.33 LBS
						



Rating:


(
							

						)



Availability:




Shipping:
						




Current Stock:






Gift Wrapping:













Quantity:



1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30






							Buy in bulk and save
						




















Product Description

This is the soundtrack from a SONY movie produced and edited by Grisman’s daughter Gillian.  Not having seen the movie, we can only comment on the 15 performances – which cover a wide variety of styles & material from traditional folk to rock. Of most interest to our readers may be a very nice recording of WAYFARING STRANGER by Bill Monroe (with Peter Rowan & Richard Greene), PIG IN A PEN by Old & In the Way, and Garcia’s versions of the old-timey SWEET SUNNY SOUTH and JENNY JENKINS.  There are also 2 versions of GRATEFUL DAWG (live & studio), FRIEND OF THE DEVIL and a 16-minute version of ARABIA.




Other Details


Track Listing:

GRATEFUL DAWGWAYFARING STRANGER (Bill Monroe & Blue Grass Boys)SWEET SUNNY SOUTHPIG IN A PEN (Old & In The Way)DAWG'S WALTZSITTING HERE IN LIMBOOFF TO SEA ONCE MORE (Ewan MacColl)OFF TO SEA ONCE MOREJENNY JENKINSARABIATHE THRILL IS GONEFRIEND OF THE DEVILGRATEFUL DAWG


Artists:

JERRY GARCIA DAVID GRISMAN JOE CRAVEN JIM KERWIN BILL MONROE AND HIS BLUE GRASS BOYS OLD AND IN THE WAY EWAN MacCOLL









Add to Wish List




Click the button below to add the JERRY GARCIA & DAVID GRISMAN "Grateful Dawg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" to your wish list.





Quick Links




My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
View Cart 



Sign in or Create an account






You Recently Viewed...













JERRY GARCIA & DAVID GRISMAN "Grateful Dawg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack"
$8.00


Add To Cart
















				All prices are in USD.
				Copyright 2017 CountySales.com.
				Powered by Interspire Shopping Cart










Jerry Garcia and David Grisman | The Tape Project



































































Navigation

The Tape Project










Shop












 


Jerry Garcia and David Grisman

Garcia-Grisman is along with Bill Evans’ Sunday at the Village Vanguard, Arnold Overtures, and Bruch’s Scottish Fantasies, one of the absolute best 15 ips reel-to-reel tape releases to date and a must-have for any self-respecting tapehead. -Myles B. Astor, Positive Feedback Online
The musical friendship of Jerry Garcia and David Grisman goes back a long way. Jerry invited David to play on one of the Grateful Dead’s albums, American Beauty, which was released in 1970 and has since become a classic.
Jerry and David formed a bluegrass band, Old And In The Way, in 1973, with Peter Rowan, Vassar Clemens and John Kahn. Although the band only performed together for about a year, it left ripples through both the SF music scene and the bluegrass world for years. A recording made by Bear at one of their shows was released on LP, sold very well, and has been cited by many players as their introduction to bluegrass.
In the 80’s the Grateful Dead was a substantial industry, mounting huge tours across the country. As a counterpoint to the high pressure world in which he was always in the spotlight, Jerry started hanging out over at David’s house to play together just for fun, sharing the music they both loved. David had a studio in his home where he was already doing the records for his group, the David Grisman Quintet. Jerry and David would do their jamming in the studio, often with two of the musicians from David’s group, with the tape rolling. They did this informal recording over a period of several years. Each get-together was a joyous respite for Jerry. Meanwhile, the pile of their tapes kept getting bigger and bigger. Eventually Jerry suggested that David release the recordings on David’s label, Acoustic Disc. This is the first selection that David pulled from that extensive library. The joy and freshness of these two friends’ spontaneous pickin’ is perfectly captured in high quality analog recording, and presented now for our enjoyment.


SKU: TP-027

$450.00
Out of stock - Join the waitlist to be emailed when this product becomes available

Email address

Join waitlist



Additional information



Additional information


Weight
7 lbs














 Social Profiles




 

 Customer Service:  415.522.0108
Email:  info@tapeproject.com
 

 235 Westlake Center #326
Daly City, CA 94015-1404
 

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Democracy for America : David Garcia - Governor 




























































AboutAbout DFA DFA's HistoryDFA By the NumbersOur TeamWork at DFAContact UsIssuesIssues Category PlaceholderCandidatesOur CandidatesOur 2016 WinnersPast EndorsementsApply for an EndorsementEndorsements FAQRegister to VoteRequest an Absentee BallotActionCampaignsYouPower: Start a PetitionLocal Action Network HQDFA LiveFacebookTwitterGroupsLogin to GroupsTrainingAboutOnline TrainingsOn-the-ground TrainingsRequest a TrainingPressPress ReleasesDFA News Coverage Media ResourcesPress Inquiries DonateJoin UsSearch



Combat Income Inequality
Fight Corporate Power
Get Money Out of Politics
Hold Wall Street Accountable
Stand for Justice
Prevent Reckless Wars



























JOIN DFA TODAY

 



 





 



 





Already have an account? Log inSign up for a DFA account


Thanks for joining DFA!We'll send you email updates about important issues. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Close











David Garcia
Governor







Follow David:






David R. Garcia is running for Governor of Arizona to replace Doug Ducey who has prioritized policies that favor corporate tax cuts over boosting spending on the Arizona’s schools. Ducey also signed into law a massive expansion of the state’s private school voucher program, which will bleed even more cash from public schools.
David is a native Arizonan and a product of Arizona’s public schools. Prior to attending college, he proudly served in the U.S. Army Infantry, where he excelled as an expert marksman, was awarded the Humanitarian Award and the Army Achievement Medal, and was trained as a Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Warfare Specialist. David received a Bachelor of Arts and Honors Diploma from Arizona State University, where he was recognized as the 1993 ASU Man of the Year. He also holds a Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Chicago in Education Policy, Research and Institutional Studies.
David is now an Associate Professor in the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College at Arizona State University. David’s professional experience includes extensive work in state and national education policy development and implementation. Prior to his appointment at ASU, he served as the state Associate Superintendent of Public Instruction for Standards and Accountability, Director of Research and Policy for the Arizona Department of Education, research analyst for the Arizona State Senate Education Committee and as a peer consultant for the U.S. Department of Education. David has contributed his leadership and research expertise to many state education organizations including the Arizona State Board of Education, the Morrison Institute for Public Policy at ASU and the Arizona Humanities Council. He is the director of the Arizona Education Policy Initiative and currently serves on the board of the Arizona Latino Research Enterprise. He has been recognized by Phoenix magazine and the Arizona Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for his contributions to public education.
As an assistant Superintendent at the AZ Department of Education and a professor at ASU, David has invested time and energy in helping teachers and school leaders across the state. David has seen first-hand how our elected leaders have failed our public schools. Arizona has experienced deeper cuts to K-12 schools and higher education than any other state in the country. David is committed to building a world-class K-12 and higher education system and asking the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share.
David plans to provide universal community college education for all degree or certificate seeking students while working towards tuition and debt-free four year degrees for all Arizona students at public universities. David knows that if we want to create a solid middle class with good paying jobs, we need to remove barriers to better opportunities. Arizonans shouldn’t be excluded from economic success because of skyrocketing tuition and suffocating education debt.


















Resist Donald Trump!

Democracy for America supporters like you are mobilizing to resist Donald Trump -- and defeat Trump Republicans in elections cross the country. Are you in?



 



 



 



 









No thanks




Thanks for joining Democracy for America!


Close














Jerry Garcia/David Grisman - Not For Kids Only - CD - MovieAndMusicGreats.com




































 



Welcome  Visitor!

Checkout
View Cart
Order Tracking
Catalog Quick Order
Login
Register


  Follow Us:




Share











 




















 

 



Home > CD's > Not For Kids Only





Enlarge Image




Not For Kids Only


Format:CD  Artist:Jerry Garcia/David Grisman Item #:73715949100925
Rating: 
Write a Review




 



Not For Kids Only
This CD features great country performances by Jerry Garcia/David Grisman.This item includes the following tracks:Horse Named BillTeddy Bears' PicnicMiller's WillThree Men Went A-HuntingArkansas TravelerWhen First Unto This CountryHop Along PeterHot Corn, Cold CornShenandoah LullabyJenny JenkinsFreight TrainThere Ain't No Bugs on MeFor an entire listing of all Jerry Garcia/David Grisman items click here


30.98






Description
Reviews



Description
This CD features great country performances by Jerry Garcia/David Grisman.This item includes the following tracks:Horse Named BillTeddy Bears' PicnicMiller's WillThree Men Went A-HuntingArkansas TravelerWhen First Unto This CountryHop Along PeterHot Corn, Cold CornShenandoah LullabyJenny JenkinsFreight TrainThere Ain't No Bugs on MeFor an entire listing of all Jerry Garcia/David Grisman items click here


Reviews
This product currently has no reviews.
Be the first to write a review


  




Buy Now!

$30.98

Availability: Ships in 3 to 5 days



Qty to Buy: 

123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930 










Share













 



 

















My Account
» Not a member? Sign Up Now
» View or change your Account Info
» View your Order History


Shipping & Returns
» See our Shipping Rates & Policies
» View our Returns Policy


Need Help?
» Forgot your password? Click Here
» View our FAQ Page
» Visit our Help Area






Home
    |
    Mobile Site
    |
    Contact Us
        |
    Site Map
    |
    FAQ
    |
    Privacy Policy
    |
    About Us



© Copyright 2007-2017 MovieAndMusicGreats.Com (formerly PureCountryMusic.com). All Rights Reserved.



 

























 





 







David R. Garcia - Sheppard Mullin Antitrust Attorney: Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP



















Alumni  |  
Client Log-in






Search

















Menu


About Us

Message From Our Chairman

Firm Facts

The Sheppard Mullin Difference

Innovation

Representative Clients

Awards & Recognition

History



Practices

Advertising

Antitrust and Competition

Antitrust Counseling and Compliance

California Antitrust and Unfair Competition Law

Cartel Investigations and Litigation

Consumer Protection

EU Competition and Regulatory

Brexit



Government Merger and Civil Conduct Investigations

Healthcare / Antitrust

Intellectual Property / Antitrust

International Counseling

Private Civil Antitrust Litigation



Appellate

Bankruptcy and Restructuring

Bankruptcy Litigation

Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities ("CMBS")

Municipal and Public Entity Restructuring



Construction

Corporate

Capital Markets

Emerging Growth/Venture Capital

Family Owned and Closely-Held Businesses

Investment Management

Joint Ventures and Strategic Alliances

Mergers and Acquisitions

Private Equity

Public Company Corporate Governance and Compliance



Entertainment and Digital Media

Finance

Asset Based Lending

Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities ("CMBS")

Debtor in Possession Financing

EB-5

Equipment Leasing

Equity Sponsor Finance

Public Finance

Real Estate Lending

Syndicated Credit Facilities



Government Contracts, Investigations & International Trade

Bid Protests

Claims

Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)

Contract Cost Accounting

Exports and Export-Related Controls

False Claims Act

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)

Intellectual Property Rights Under Government Contracts

Multiple Award Schedule Contracting

Public Policy and Government Affairs

Securities Enforcement



Healthcare

Immigration

Corporate Compliance

Global Mobility

Non-immigrant Visas and Permanent Residence



Intellectual Property

Copyrights

False Advertising, Lanham Act and Unfair Competition

International Trade Commission (ITC)

IP Licensing, Technology and Commercial Transactions

Patent Litigation

Patent Prosecution and Counseling

Post-Grant Proceedings

Trade Secrets

Trademark Applications and Prosecution

Trademarks and Trade Dress



International Reach

Brexit

China

中国



International Arbitration

International Trade and Investment

Brexit



Israel

המחלקה הישראלית



Italy

L’Italian Desk



Japan

弊所のご案内



Korea

Latin American Practice

Práctica Latinoamericana



South Asia



Labor and Employment

Employee Benefits/ERISA

Immigration

Corporate Compliance

Global Mobility

Non-immigrant Visas and Permanent Residence



Labor and Employment Counseling

Affirmative Action

Employee Hiring/Discipline/Termination

Employment Agreements

Handbooks and Personnel Policies

Harassment Investigation and Training

Health and Safety Regulations/OSHA

High-Technology Employment

Unfair Competition and Trade Secrets

Wage and Hour Regulations

Workplace Violence



Labor and Employment Litigation

Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation

Employee Privacy and Defamation

Public Works and Prevailing Wage Law

Stock Option Litigation

Wage and Hour Class Actions

Wrongful Termination



Labor Union Management Relations



Litigation

Alternative Dispute Resolution

Appellate

Class Action Defense

E-Discovery

Environmental Litigation

Financial Institutions Litigation

Insurance Litigation

International Arbitration

Private Wealth and Fiduciary Litigation

Professional Liability

Proposition 65

Securities Enforcement

Securities Litigation

Toxic Tort and Product Liability

Wildfire Litigation



Privacy and Cybersecurity

Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA)



Private Wealth and Fiduciary Litigation

Private Wealth Services

Real Estate, Land Use and Environmental

Commercial Leasing

Environmental

Land Use Litigation

Public Lands

Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions

Real Estate Development

Real Estate Lending

Wetlands and Endangered Species



Tax

Corporate Tax

Employee Benefits

Estate Planning and Wealth Transfer

Executive Compensation

Hedge Funds and Private Equity

International Tax

Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Entities

Private Wealth and Fiduciary Litigation

Real Estate Tax

State and Local Tax

Tax Controversy and Litigation



Technology Transactions

Tribal and Indian Law

White Collar Defense and Corporate Investigations

Panama Papers





Industries

Advertising

Aerospace and Defense

Art

Automotive

Aviation

Blockchain Technology and Digital Currency

Communications

Construction

EB-5

Education

Emerging Growth/Venture Capital

Energy, Infrastructure and Project Finance

Entertainment and Digital Media

Fashion, Apparel and Beauty

Food and Beverage

Healthcare

Hospitality

Insurance

Investment Management

Life Sciences and FDA

Maritime

Mortgage Banking

Nonprofit

Open Source

Private Equity

REIT

Retail

Self-Storage

Social Media and Games

Sports

Wine



Attorneys

Offices

Beijing

Brussels

Century City

Chicago

London

Los Angeles

New York

Orange County

San Diego (Del Mar)

San Diego (Downtown)

San Francisco

Seoul

Shanghai

Silicon Valley

Washington, DC



Thought Leadership

Blogs

Articles

Books



News/Events

Press Releases

Media Mentions

Awards & Recognition

Media Contact

Video Library

Events



Careers

Law Students

Fall Recruiting

Summer Associate Program



Lateral Attorneys

Associate Development

Staff Recruiting



Diversity & Inclusion

Commitment

Strategic Council and Committee

Women Attorneys

Attorneys of Color

LGBTQ Attorneys

Parents at Sheppard Mullin



Pro Bono








			David R. Garcia

Partner
EmailvCardPrint PDFSearch Attorneys 




					Century CityT: 310.228.3747F: 310.228.3947





Foreign Language Bio
Chinese Version (中文简历)

Practices


International ReachKoreaAntitrust and CompetitionEntertainment and Digital MediaLitigationClass Action DefenseSecurities LitigationHealthcare


Industries


Blockchain Technology and Digital CurrencyEntertainment and Digital MediaHealthcare

EducationJ.D., Georgetown University, 1979
B.A., Harvard University, 1976, cum laudeClerkshipsLaw clerk to the Honorable Constance Baker Motley, U.S. District Judge, Southern District of New York, 1981-82AdmissionsCalifornia
New York
Washington, D.C.
Florida
U.S. District Court, Northern and Central Districts of California
U.S. District Court, Southern and Eastern Districts of New York
U.S. District Court, District of Columbia
U.S. Court of Appeals, Second, Sixth, Ninth, and District of Columbia Circuits


OverviewHonorsExperienceThought LeadershipDavid Garcia is a partner in Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP's Century City office, where he is also the Office Managing Partner. He is a litigator with a broad background in complex civil litigation for major U.S. companies, including extensive class action and multidistrict litigation experience. His practice focuses  principally on antitrust litigation and counseling with particular emphasis on the entertainment industry, provider side healthcare mergers and the intersection between antitrust and intellectual property in litigation and joint ventures. Areas of PracticeMr. Garcia's antitrust litigation experience includes price fixing cartel defense, patent related monopolization claims and representation of clients in connection with civil and criminal investigations by the Federal Trade Commission and the antitrust division of the U.S. Department of Justice.  He counsels extensively on joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions and competitor collaborations in healthcare, for a broad range of hospitals and physician groups throughout the U.S. including second requests and divestiture negotiations with both the FTC and DoJ.  His broad ranging antitrust litigation background also includes major matters involving standard setting, state action immunity, and contested mergers. He also counsels and litigates in a variety of vertical distribution situations, including dealer termination, vertical pricing restrictions, franchise termination disputes and counseling and litigation involving multilevel marketing organizations.  Finally he counsels joint ventures in the formation stage and through ongoing antitrust monitoring. Clients for whom he has worked include: Arcadian Medicare Advantage Insurance, a broad variety of physician groups and for profit and non profit hospital systems throughout the U.S., The Secure Content Storage Association LLC, The Digital Cinema Initiative, LLC, Lending Tree, Samsung, Epson America, China Mobile, Sprint, Carrier Airconditioning, Herbalife, Amgen, Barnes & Noble, Warner Home Video, The Digital Cinema Initiative, LLC, and Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Mr. Garcia has also handled wide-ranging securities litigation, first in New York and later in California, that has included class action defense, the defense of derivative litigation on behalf of both individuals and companies, litigation arising out of mergers and acquisitions, and internal corporate investigations. He has also had extensive experience representing companies and individuals in investigations commenced by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Companies for whom he has worked in the securities area include: Credit Suisse; First Boston; The Special Committee of the Board of Diamond Multimedia, Inc.; BT Securities; Montgomery Securities; Bank of America; the outside directors of FarWest Financial Savings & Loan.
HonorsRAVES (Recognizing AHLA Volunteer Engagement and Success) Recipient, American Health Lawyers Association, 2016
The Los Angeles 500 - The Most Influential People in Los Angeles, Los Angeles Business Journal, 2016
Southern California Super Lawyer, Super Lawyers, 2014, 2015
Legal 500, 2012, 2013, 2015ExperienceDoJ Antitrust Division's investigation concerning Samsung's assertion of standard essential patents against Apple in response to Apple's claimed infringement of its design and utility patents Represented Arcadian Insurance in the FTC investigation of its acquisition by Humana, Inc., and negotiation of eventual consent decree Represented Lending Tree in exclusive dealing litigation involving exclusive internet affiliation agreements Represented Samsung in horizontal boycott litigation involving Rambus, and price fixing class action litigation Represented Sansum Clinic, a Santa Barbara, California physician group of 185 independent physicians in a multi-specialty group, in an affiliation agreement with Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. After a four year investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and the California Attorney General, the parties decided to withdraw their application of the proposed affiliation agreementProviding antitrust counseling to Carrier Airconditioning in distributorship restriction in the western United States Representing Herbalife in a variety of vertical distributorship issues Represented Amgen in potential antitrust litigation against a competitor arising out of a prior patent infringement settlement Providing antitrust and general outside advice and counseling to the Digital Cinema Initiative, a joint venture of the seven major movie studios created to establish performance and digital security specifications for the transmission and exhibition of digital cinema, and to explore business models for encouraging digital cinema implementation Defended Warner Home Video in a nationwide class action and related federal and state cases brought by independent video rental retailers claiming a group boycott and price fixing in connection with contracts entered into between movie studios, including Warner Home Video, and a national home video rental chain Assisted in defense of California state court antitrust and certain competition claims against Samsung by competitor Represented the Digital Cinema Committee of Motion Picture Association of America in connection with antitrust issues relating to digital cinema transmission, security and exhibition issues Part of team defending The Gator Corporation in multidistrict nationwide direct and class action attacks on Gator's targeted internet advertising business model under the Copyright Act, the Lanham Act and state unfair competition law Represented entertainment companies in multidistrict antitrust litigation involving alleged antitrust violations by internet service providers allegedly tying ISP and cable television services Represented internet companies, including search engine operators and sellers of internet advertising, in multidistrict antitrust litigation arising out of patent claims, and antitrust advice and counseling relating to distribution of advertising through affiliation agreements Provided continuing antitrust advice to multiple studios concerning vertical competition issues, such as exclusive dealing and differential pricing in various market segments, including E-commerce, theatrical distribution, and consumer product marketing Represented Barnes & Noble in Robinson Patman multidistrict litigation brought by the American Booksellers Association and various individually owned bookstores throughout the United States, including trial of that action which settled during the plaintiffs' case Represented the directors of Primadonna Resorts in class and derivative litigation arising out of the sale of the Primadonna Resorts to MGM Grand Incorporated Represented Advance Micro Devices in a class action litigation relating to disclosures concerning microprocessor development Represented medical products device manufacturers in connection with class action litigation concerning the timing of announcements concerning FDA approval of new medical devices Represented major commercial banks and savings and loans in connection with loan loss reserve and revenue recognition litigation

Articles


There Is Potential Federal Inconsistency Over ACOsLaw360, June 16, 2015
Supplier Beware of California's Equipment Dealers Act Before Deciding on Termination of DealersBloomberg BNA, December 5, 2014
Calif. On Board As Health Care Antitrust EnforcerLaw360, September 27, 2012
No Mandatory Antitrust Review For ACOsThe Recorder, November 10, 2011
Levels of antitrust scrutiny for ACOsThe Recorder, April 18, 2011
Health Care Reform May Prompt Antitrust ViolationsThe Recorder, February 21, 2011
Law is in Flux Over Internal Governance of Foreign FirmsDaily Journal, March 31, 2006


Antitrust Law Blog Posts   "Exclusive Agreement Between Hospital and Insurance Plan Does Not Violate Section 1," June 22, 2017 "Antitrust Not Always Available in Competitor Disputes in the Healthcare Sector," March 16, 2017 "U.S. Department of Justice Sues North Carolina Hospital System for Insisting on Anti-Steering Provisions in Insurance Reimbursement Contracts," June 15, 2016 "State Regulatory Scheme Offering Antitrust Immunity to Healthcare Collaborations Creates Tension Between Federal and State Antitrust Enforcement," May 20, 2015 "Eleventh Circuit Affirms FTC Finding that Rebate Program Served to Unlawfully Maintain Monopoly Power," April 22, 2015 "In Highly-Anticipated Decision, Ninth Circuit Affirms That Hospital-Physician Group Merger in St. Luke’s Violated Section 7 And Casts Serious Doubt on Viability of Efficiencies Defense," February 18, 2015 "CMS’ Proposed Regulations Include Significant Antitrust Implications For Entities Interested In Forming ACOs," January 5, 2015 "Supplier Beware Before Terminating Dealers: California’s Equipment Dealers Act," November 18, 2014 "Dang v. San Francisco Forty Niners - Consumers can challenge Reebok's exclusive NFL apparel deal based just on a market of garments bearing NFL team logos," August 7, 2013 "American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Restaurant: A class action waiver in an arbitration agreement will be strictly enforced under the Federal Arbitration Act," June 25, 2013 "Challenge To Alleged Restraints On Baseball And Hockey Programming Survive Motion To Dismiss And Advance To The Next Round Of Litigation," December 19, 2012 "Supreme Court Will Now Hear Two Appeals Concerning Class Arbitration," December 14, 2012 "Large General Acute-Care Hospital Abandons Acquisition Of 15-Bed Surgical Specialty Center As A Result Of FTC Challenge," November 26, 2012 "Supreme Court to Address Enforceability of Arbitration Agreements and Class Action Waivers Yet Again," November 19, 2012 "In re American Express Merchants' Litigation - Plaintiffs Survive Three Rounds In The Second Circuit, But Can They Survive The Supreme Court?" February 7, 2012  Healthcare Law Blog Posts  "Has the Acquisition of Cigna Corp. by Anthem, Inc. Been Relegated to the Dustbin of History? Stay Tuned!" May 3, 2017  "FTC Stands Down in Latest Head-to-Head Battle Between Federal and State Oversight of Healthcare Collaborations," July 8, 2016 "FTC Suffers Setback in Campaign to Slow the Rising Tide of Healthcare Consolidations," May 16, 2016 "State Oversight of Anticompetitive Activity in Healthcare: Is a New Wave Ahead?" April 28, 2015 "District Court Weighs in on Level of Integration Required to Shield Health Care Collaborations from Section 1 Scrutiny," November 14, 2014 "California AG Becomes the Latest Antitrust Enforcer to Investigate Hospital/Doctor Group Combinations," September 21, 2012 
Speaking EngagementsPanelist, "Aetna-Humana: From Antitrust Investigation to Permanent Injunction, What Does it Mean for Future Healthcare M&A?" Bloomberg Intelligence, April 27, 2017
Panelist, "Expert Insights on the Increasing Consolidation of the Medical Sector: Examining the Latest Antitrust Risks for the Healthcare Industry and the Complex Insurance Coverage and Claims Issues Associated with the Integration of Hospitals and Physician Practices," ACI’s Medical Liability Claims, Coverage and Risk Management Conference, October 27, 2016
Presenter, Antitrust and Provider Networks AHLA Webinar
Presenter, California Society for Healthcare Attorneys, Antitrust Update
Lecturer, 2015 Healthcare Forecast Conference, U.C. Irvine
Lecturer, LACBA Healthcare/Antitrust Program: Trends in Government Enforcement
Lecturer, ABA Class Action Section, Antitrust Panel
Lecturer, California State Bar, Antitrust Section
Events


2016 Antitrust in Healthcare ConferenceRitz-Carlton Pentagon City, May 12, 2016
2016 CSHA Annual Meeting & Spring SeminarMonterey Plaza Hotel & Spa, Spring 2016
Trust Us, It’s ComplicatedAntitrust Issues Facing Healthcare in the Affordable Care Act EnvironmentMay 1, 2014








View Full Site
Home
Site Map
Attorney Advertising
© 2017 Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP
Legal Notices
Site by Firmseek













David Garcia's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David Garcia#543736@davo_200914Following1FollowerFollow4 UpvotesTrello for SlackOrganize anything with anyone, inside SlackProductivity+ 4 save 1580 53FirebaseApp success made simple by googleiPhone+ 5 save 1806 43EarnyA bot that gets you money back when prices dropiPhone+ 4 save 769 117WakaTime Extension for Visual Studio CodeQuantify your coding in Visual Studio CodeTech save 4 0Share this profile










David Garcia for Arizona Governor



















































Donate 



Volunteer 





Donate 



Volunteer 


















Meet David  




Get Involved  




Press Release  




Contact Us  




Contribute  










 










For Governor





 Donate Now 








 From Us…David is a kid from the neighborhood. His dad was a commercial painter and Vietnam-era veteran and his mom juggled parenting along with a job at an electronics factory to help make ends meet. David knows what it’s like to struggle and understands the daily challenges Arizonans face; “When we first got health insurance,” David recalls as a third grader, “my sisters and I went to the dentist and the eye doctor right away. We had never been to either one before then.” David’s family did not have a lot but he credits his success to one simple constant in his life – “they loved the hell out of each other.” His mom still lives in his childhood home in Mesa.
David married his high school sweetheart, Lori, a fellow Mesa High Jackrabbit. Together, they have two beautiful daughters Lola and Olivia who attend our public schools. Lori and David set the example for their daughters through their commitment to community and an appreciation for Arizona’s rich diversity.
David has a soldier’s sense of duty. At 17, he enlisted in the U.S. Army Infantry. His time as an infantryman instilled values that guide his life to this day: discipline, accountability and duty. “Discipline is doing the right thing when no one is looking,” was the mantra that his Drill Sergeant instilled in him and other young soldiers. David was a leader, trained as a chemical warfare specialist, qualified as an expert marksman and decorated with the Army Achievement Medal and the Humanitarian Award for fighting wildfires in Yellowstone National Park. Serving in the Army to protect our freedom remains one of his proudest life accomplishments.
The military, along with one of our most successful government programs, the GI Bill, changed David’s life. He is the first in his family to finish college and earn a quality education that allowed him to realize his American dream. After graduating from the Honors College at Arizona State University, he received a master’s and doctorate from the University of Chicago and has become a nationally-recognized expert in education research and policy.
…For UsDavid has dedicated his career to improving Arizona public schools. David is a well-respected teacher in both the education and business communities, as well as in the classroom. His strengths include legislative experience, serving as a research analyst for the Arizona State Senate and leading the Arizona Department of Education as Associate Superintendent. He is known for answering tough questions and developing visionary solutions. These traits have earned respect and accolades from people on both sides of the political aisle. In 2014, the Arizona Republic called David a “Champion for Education.” 
Now, he is a professor in the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College at Arizona State University where he teaches research and policy to Arizona’s next generation of leaders.
David is the one person most capable of tackling the crisis in Arizona’s schools. Arizona is being held back because our state leadership is not committed to creating an excellent public education system. “Doug Ducey’s failed commitment to public education is hurting our economy.  We need a well-trained workforce to attract good-paying jobs and encourage businesses to start, build and stay in Arizona,” he says.  To strengthen our schools, our next Governor needs not only expertise, but a teacher’s commitment to education. David Garcia is that person. 
David will fight for working families. David has never forgotten the people who shaped him and the neighborhood he will always call home. He’s running for Governor because the political process is rigged against the regular, hard-working Arizonans that our state leaders are elected to serve. Governor Ducey slashes the state budget and we pay the price. Our teachers can’t earn enough to support a family, our foster care children remain endangered, and rural Arizona struggles with inferior infrastructure. Meanwhile, Ducey’s rich and powerful friends raise your utility rates, give themselves big money kickbacks and line their own pockets with our tax dollars. 
David Garcia is fighting for an Arizona that works for everyone. As Governor, David will restore integrity to the Executive Office, will make our schools excellent, keep healthcare accessible to all, and will fight to ensure Arizonans are ready to lead the economy of the future. 
David Garcia is from us, and for us: a veteran, a teacher and a fighter for Arizona families.
   







×







Meet David 




Get Involved 




Press Release 




Contact Us 




Contribute 

 



 
 








