    Greg Garland | Phillips 66 Company | ZoomInfo.com

Greg C. Garland: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:18 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Phillips 66



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Greg C. Garland  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phillips 66AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships60$25,055,294As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Greg C. Garland has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Phillips 66 Partners GP LLC, the General Partner of Phillips 66 Partners LP since March 2013. Mr. Garland has been the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66 since April 30, 2012. He serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phillips 66 Pipeline LLC. He serves as a Vice President at American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers. A Chemical Engineer, he has more than ... 30 years of industry experience in technical and executive leadership positions within the oil and natural gas and chemicals industries. He served as President of Phillips 66 from April 30, 2012 to June 2014. He served as a Senior Vice President of Exploration & Production - Americas at ConocoPhillips from October 6, 2010 to April 2012. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips in 2010, he served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Chevron Phillips Chemical Co. LLC from April 1, 2008 to February 8, 2011. He served the Chief Executive Officer and President of Americas Styrenics LLC. Mr. Garland served as Senior Vice President of Planning & Specialty Products/Chemicals at Chevron Phillips Chemical Co. LLC from October 2001 to April 2008. From July 2000 to October 2001, he served as a Senior Vice President of Planning & Strategic Transactions of Chevron Phillips Chemical Co. LLC. He served as a General Manager of Qatar/Middle East for Chevron Phillips since 1997, General Manager of Natural Gas Liquids from 1995 to 1997 and also served as its Manager of Planning and Development in Planning and Technology. From 1992 to 1994, he served as Manager of the K-Resin® business unit at Chevron Phillips. He began his career with Phillips Petroleum in 1980 as a Project Engineer for the Plastics Technical Center. He later worked as a Sales Engineer for Phillips Petroleum Plastics Resins. He served as Business Service Manager for Advanced Materials, Business Development Director and Olefins Manager for Chemicals at Phillips Petroleum. He has been a Director of Phillips 66 since April 30, 2012 and Amgen Inc. since October 16, 2013. He serves as a Director at DCP Midstream, LLC and Phillips 66 Partners GP LLC. He serves as a Director at American Chemistry Council, Inc. He serves on the board of Junior Achievement of Southeast Texas. He serves on the board of the American Petroleum Institute, National Petroleum Council and The Greater Houston Partnership. He is a Member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M University. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2331 CityWest BoulevardHouston, Texas 77042United StatesPhone: 281-293-6600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorDCP Midstream, LLCDirectorAmerican Chemistry Council, Inc.Chairman & CEOPhillips 66 Pipeline LLCChairman of Phillips 66 Partners GP LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66 Partners GP LLCPhillips 66 Partners LP2012-PresentChairman and Chief Executive OfficerPhillips 662013-PresentDirectorAmgen Inc.
Education
BS 1980Texas A&M University
Other Affiliations
Amgen Inc.ConocoPhillipsTexas A&M UniversityDCP Midstream, LLCChevron Phillips Chemical Co. LLCAmerican Chemistry Council, Inc.Phillips 66 Pipeline LLCAmerican Fuel & Petrochemical ManufacturersDCP Midstream, LPAmericas Styrenics LLCPhillips 66 Partners LP


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,616,816Total Annual Compensation$1,616,816
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$8,677,840All Other Compensation$251,272Exercised Options$138,665Exercised Options Value$6,922,898Exercisable Options$334,328Exercisable Options Value$7,957,687Unexercisable Options$309,300Unexercisable Options Value$3,116,047Total Value of Options$17,996,631Total Number of Options$782,293
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$5,619,101Total Short Term Compensation$1,616,816Other Long Term Compensation$8,929,112Total Calculated Compensation$25,055,294




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRyan M. Lance Chairman & CEOConocoPhillips$1.7MJoseph W. Gorder Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentValero Energy Corporation$1.5MSteven W. Williams Chief Executive Officer, President and Non Independent DirectorSuncor Energy Inc.$1.4MA. James Teague CEO & Director of Enterprise Products Holdings LLCEnterprise Products Partners L.P.$2.9MGary R. Heminger Chairman of the Board & CEOMarathon Petroleum Corporation$1.6MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Phillips 66, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Greg Garland - Wikipedia





















 






Greg Garland

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Greg C. Garland)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Greg Garland


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Texas A&M University


Occupation
Chairman and CEO, Phillips 66


Salary
US$ 24,508,433 (total compensation)[1]


Spouse(s)
married


Children
4


Greg C. Garland is an American businessman, the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Phillips 66, the American multinational energy company.
Greg Garland received a BS degree in Chemical Engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980.[1]
Garland has been chairman and CEO of Phillips 66 since April 2012.[1]
He is married, with four children.[2]
References[edit]



^ a b c "Executive Profile: Greg C. Garland". Bloomberg. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Walton, Rod (30 Sep 2013). "Spinoff of Phillips 66 positive, profitable, CEO Greg Garland tells Bartlesville chamber". Tulsa World. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Greg_Garland&oldid=769050087"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican businesspeopleAmerican chief executivesHidden categories: Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 7 March 2017, at 08:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Greg C. Garland - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Greg C. Garland
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Phillips 66


View Full Profile
Are you Greg C. Garland? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Greg C. Garland's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Greg C. Garland's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Greg C. Garland's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Greg C. Garland through your network of contacts.
												








Greg C. Garland's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Phillips 66


Board Member, 
Amgen Inc.


Past
To view Greg C. Garland's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Greg C. Garland's Biography



Greg C. Garland is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66, an energy manufacturing and logistics company with midstream, chemical, refining and marketing and specialties businesses created through the repositioning of ConocoPhillips, having held this position since April 2012. Mr. Garland chairs the Executive Committee of Phillips 66. Prior to Phillips 66, Mr. Garland served as Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production, Americas of ConocoPhillips from 2010 to April 2012. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron) from 2008 to  ...
(Read More)

			Greg C. Garland is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66, an energy manufacturing and logistics company with midstream, chemical, refining and marketing and specialties businesses created through the repositioning of ConocoPhillips, having held this position since April 2012. Mr. Garland chairs the Executive Committee of Phillips 66. Prior to Phillips 66, Mr. Garland served as Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production, Americas of ConocoPhillips from 2010 to April 2012. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron) from 2008 to 2010 and Senior Vice President, Planning and Specialty Chemicals from 2000 to 2008. Mr. Garland served in various positions at Phillips Petroleum Company from 1980 to 2000. Mr. Garland is a member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M University. Mr. Garland received an undergraduate degree from Texas A&M University. 
Qualifications 
The Board concluded that Mr. Garland should serve on our Board because of Mr. Garland's experience as a Chief Executive Officer and his over 30 years of international experience in a highly regulated industry.
		
Source: Amgen Inc. on 03/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Greg C. Garland's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Greg C. Garland. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Greg C. Garland's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Greg C. Garland's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Greg C. Garland through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Greg C. Garland


















Greg C. Garland's Connections (88)





Sign up now to view Greg C. Garland's 88 connections »









Don E. Wallette
Executive Vice President, Finance, Commercial and Chief Financial Officer, ConocoPhillips









J. Brian Ferguson
Board Member, Owens Corning









Matthew J. Fox
Executive Vice President, Strategy, Exploration and Technology, ConocoPhillips









Robert A. Bradway
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Amgen Inc.









Robert A. Niblock
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lowe's Companies, Inc.









R. Sanders Williams
Board Member, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings









David J. Scott
Former SVP, General Counsel and Secretary, Amgen Inc.









Vance D. Coffman
Board Member, 3M Company









Joseph W. O'Toole
Board Member, Phillips 66 Partners LP









Alan J. Hirshberg
Executive Vice President, Production, Drilling and Projects, ConocoPhillips








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




























Greg C. Garland | Business Roundtable
 













































Skip to main content







Contact

General Inquiries202.872.1260info@brt.org
Mailing Address300 New Jersey Avenue, NWSuite 800Washington, D.C. 20001
Media ContactRayna ValentiDirector, Communicationsrvalenti@brt.org
 


Membership ContactLeAnne Redick WilsonSenior Vice President​lwilson@brt.org



All Staff

 



    


What is Business Roundtable

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.



Learn More About BRT

 







Contact
Growth Agenda
 


About
Issues & Committees
Resources
Media
Blog
 






            Search          








Sort by 
RelevanceDate created (indexed)




Order 
AscDesc



 


 
 


More Than Leaders. Leadership.



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote a thriving economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound public policy. 
About BRT







AboutBoard of Directors
Committees
History of BRT
Members
Staff
Contact Us

 
 




banner-about-section.jpg

 






Greg C. Garland





 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Phillips 66  

 
 
Tweet 












Greg Garland is chairman and CEO of Phillips 66. A chemical engineer, Garland has more than 30 years of industry experience in technical and executive leadership positions within the oil and natural gas and chemicals industries.
 
Previously, Garland had served as senior vice president, Exploration and Production, Americas for ConocoPhillips since 2010. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips, Garland was president and chief executive officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, which is now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron. Before his election to that position, Garland served Chevron Phillips as senior vice president, Planning & Specialty Chemicals. His prior experience includes serving as general manager of Qatar/Middle East for Phillips, a position he assumed in 1997. From 1995 to 1997, he served as general manager of natural gas liquids after serving as manager of planning and development in planning and technology. From 1992 to 1994, he was manager of the K-Resin® business unit.
 
Garland began his career with Phillips in 1980 as a project engineer for the Plastics Technical Center. He later worked as a sales engineer for Phillips' plastics resins, business service manager for advanced materials, business development director, and olefins manager for chemicals.
 
He serves on the Board of Directors for DCP Midstream, the Board of Amgen, the Board of the National Petroleum Council, the Board and Executive Committee of the American Petroleum Institute, the Board and the Executive Committee of Junior Achievement for Southeast Texas, the Board for The Greater Houston Partnership and as a member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M
University.
 
Garland received a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980.
 


 







  


 


Download PDF 
 









Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
 


Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Medium
 
 

 


































 



 Amgen Announces Appointment Of Greg C. Garland To Board Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Amgen Announces Appointment Of Greg C. Garland To Board Of Directors

Oct 16, 2013, 16:15 ET
		  		  																
						 from   Amgen 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Amgen Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Amgen) (PRNewsFoto/)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Amgen Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Amgen) (PRNewsFoto/)
 


 

 




 





 


THOUSAND OAKS, Calif., Oct. 16, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Amgen (NASDAQ:   AMGN) today announced the appointment of Greg C. Garland, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Phillips 66, to its Board of Directors. 
"We are pleased to welcome Greg Garland to the Amgen Board. In addition to his leadership experiences as a chief executive officer, Greg brings more than 30 years of international experience in a highly regulated industry," said Robert A. Bradway, chairman and chief executive officer of Amgen. "At a time when Amgen is expanding its global presence to serve more patients, we look forward to Greg's contributions to the Board."
Mr. Garland will serve on the Governance and Nominating Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board. Following the appointment of Mr. Garland, the Board on Oct. 16, 2013, will comprise 13 directors, 12 of whom are independent.
Greg C. Garland
Mr. Garland, 55, currently serves as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66, an energy manufacturing and logistics company with midstream, chemical, refining and marketing and specialties businesses created through the repositioning of ConocoPhillips, having held this position since April 2012. Mr. Garland serves on the Executive Committee of Phillips 66. Prior to Phillips 66, Mr. Garland served as Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production, Americas of ConocoPhillips from 2010 to April 2012. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron) from 2008 to 2010 and Senior Vice President of Planning and Specialty Chemicals from 2000 to 2008. Mr. Garland served in various positions at Phillips Petroleum Company from 1980 to 2000. Mr. Garland is a member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M University.
About Amgen 
Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. 
Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be the world's largest independent biotechnology company, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential. 
For more information, visit www.amgen.com and follow us on www.twitter.com/amgen. 
CONTACT: Amgen, Thousand Oaks
Ashleigh Koss, 805-313-6151 (media)
Arvind Sood, 805-447-1060 (investors) 
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081015/AMGENLOGO) 
 SOURCE  Amgen  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.amgen.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Oct 17, 2013, 16:25 ET
Preview: Amgen Announces Webcast of 2013 Third Quarter Financial Results




















Oct 16, 2013, 16:00 ET
Preview: Amgen Announces 2013 Fourth Quarter Dividend








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 25, 2017, 16:01 ET
Amgen Announces 2017 Third Quarter Dividend














Jul 25, 2017, 16:01 ET
FDA Grants Priority Review For Amgen's Supplemental Biologics...














Jul 25, 2017, 16:01 ET
Amgen Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator














Executive Profile | Phillips 66 Company | Greg C. Garland | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Greg C. Garland 

		
		Chairman and CEO, 

	
		 Phillips 66 Company 	

 
Last Updated: 03/27/2017 



Executive Summary
A chemical engineer, Greg Garland serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66, a Houston-based energy company that re-emerged when ConocoPhillips spun off its downstream and midstream assets in 2012. Garland has more than 30 years of industry experience in technical and execu 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Garland is married. He and his wife have four children.
Garland was the first in his family to go to college. 
Current Focus

Company snapshot: Phillips 66 is Houston-based energy manufacturing and logistics company that claims to be the only integrated downstream company to combine leading midstream, chemicals, refining, and marketing and spe 
Key Challenges

Industry cuts: Garland said in July 2016 that U.S. refiners would face production cuts in the second half of 2016 due to a glut of motor fuel supply. "My personal view is we've got a lot of inventory stacked up 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1958.
Garland earned a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Engineering Advisory Board, Texas A&M University
Former Member, Board of Directors, American Chemistry Council, Inc. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us


















	Phillips 66 - Investors - Governance - Executive Leadership Team - Person Details
































Home
Site Map
Contact Us



















Investors




Phillips 66 HomePhillips 66 Home>Investors>Governance>Executive Leadership Team>Person Details







Stock Quote





NYSE: PSX
Price
83.65
Change
-0.86
%Change
-1.02%
Volume: 
2,169,434
July 28, 2017Pricing delayed by 20 minutes



Greg C. Garland




, Chairman and CEO


Greg Garland is chairman and CEO of Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. A chemical engineer, Garland has more than 30 years of industry experience in technical and executive leadership positions within the oil and natural gas and chemicals industries.  Previously, Garland had served as senior vice president, Exploration and Production, Americas, for ConocoPhillips since 2010. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips, Garland was president and chief executive officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, which is now a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron. Before his election to that position, Garland served Chevron Phillips as senior vice president, Planning & Specialty Chemicals. His prior experience includes serving as general manager of Qatar/Middle East for Phillips, a position he assumed in 1997. From 1995 to 1997, he served as general manager of natural gas liquids after serving as manager of planning and development in planning and technology. From 1992 to 1994, he was manager of the K-Resin® business unit.Garland began his career with Phillips in 1980 as a project engineer for the Plastics Technical Center. He later worked as a sales engineer for Phillips' plastics resins, business service manager for advanced materials, business development director, and olefins manager for chemicals.He serves on the Board of Directors for DCP Midstream, the Board of Amgen, the Board of the National Petroleum Council, the Board and Executive Committee of the American Petroleum Institute, the Board and the Executive Committee of Junior Achievement for Southeast Texas, the Board for The Greater Houston Partnership and as a member of the Engineering Advisory Board for Texas A&M University.  Garland received a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University in 1980. 






CONTACT IR


Phillips 66 Investor Relations

Institutional Investors:
1-800-624-6440
investorrelations@p66.com

Individual Shareholders:
Shareholder Services
Request a report



Email Alerts


Sign up to receive email alerts for:

News Releases
SEC Filings 
Events
End-of-Day Stock Quotes


Unsubscribe from email alerts


Latest Investor Update







Thumb
Title
Document



Download PDF
4.58 MB
















© Phillips 66 Company. All rights reserved. Legal, Privacy, Cookies and Security Notices. California
Transparency in Supply Chains Disclosure.







Contact Us










Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5














