


Insider Trading - Garrison John L Jr - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Garrison John L Jr





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-21Tax Withholding
2016-12-221:50 pm
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
45
$31.04
355,544(Direct)
View


2016-11-30Tax Withholding
2016-12-0209:12 am
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
15,180
$29.72
355,081(Direct)
View


2016-11-30Tax Withholding
2016-12-014:58 pm
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
15,180
$29.72
355,081(Direct)
View


2016-03-03Option Award
2016-03-075:55 pm
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
76,186
$0
368,441(Direct)
View


2016-03-03Option Award
2016-03-075:55 pm
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
141,489
$0
368,441(Direct)
View


2016-02-03Option Award
2016-02-0510:40 am
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
28,696
$20.79
150,766(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Option Award
2016-01-064:55 pm
N/AN/A
Terex Corp
TEX
Garrison John L JrCEO AND PRESIDENT
122,070
$0
122,070(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 16:50:37 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  

















Terex Names John L. Garrison Jr. New Chief Executive Officer


















































































Home 





News 





Key Issues 





Features 





Equipment & Technology 





Blog 





Frac Sand 





Buyers' Guide 





 



 Home
— About Us
— Contact Us
— Newsletter
— Subscribe
— Advertise
— Rock Products Media Kit
— Current Issue
— Digital Archives
— Events
 News
— Distributor News
 Key Issues
— Environment
— Economics
— Last Call
— On the Mark
— Permitting
— Law
— Community Relations
— Management
— Safety & Health
 Features
 Equipment & Technology
— Equipment & Technology
— Pumps & Motors
— Drilling & Blasting
— Loading & Hauling
— Crushing & Breaking
— Material Handling & Conveying
— Screening & Sizing
— Loadout & Drones
— Maintenance & Wear Parts
 Blog
— 120th Anniversary
— Manufacturers in Focus
— People on the Move
— Prime-Time Products
— LIVE from ConExpo-Con/Agg
— Rock Stars
 Frac Sand
— Frac Sand Newsletter
— Market Buzz
— Producer News
— Analysis
— New Products
— Frac Sand Conference
 Buyers' Guide















Distributor News 
















































Home

 



News

 




Terex Names John L. Garrison Jr. New Chief Executive Officer 



















Terex Names John L. Garrison Jr. New Chief Executive Officer 


 

 


Details


Published: Friday, 16 October 2015 14:53 


Written by Rock Products News 














Terex Corp. named John L. Garrison Jr. chief executive officer and president effective Nov. 2, 2015. He will also become a member of the Terex board of directors effective Nov. 2, 2015. Garrison will succeed outgoing CEO Ronald M. DeFeo, who will continue to serve as executive chairman of the company through Dec. 31, 2015. DeFeo will continue as a consultant for Terex after Dec. 31, 2015, through Dec. 31, 2016.
Garrison joins Terex from Textron Inc. where he served as president and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. Prior to that, Garrison was president of Textron’s Industrial Segment and E-Z-GO. He was also president and CEO at Azurix Corp. and held senior leadership positions at Case Corp., and served as an officer in the United States Army.
“John is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries. The board considered a highly qualified pool of outstanding candidates and we strongly believe that John is the right person to lead Terex and Konecranes Terex into the future,” said David Sachs, Terex lead director. “We are grateful for Ron’s many contributions to Terex over the years and his leadership through both good and bad economic cycles in continuing to improve the Company into the premier company it is today. We are pleased that Ron will be available through the leadership transition.”
DeFeo added, “I am proud of the company Terex has become in my 23 years as Terex’s leader. With my planned retirement, this day was inevitable and I am confident that John will be able to continue to create value for our shareholders and the shareholders of Konecranes Terex.”
“I am extremely excited to be leading Terex at such an important time in its history. I look forward to building on the strong foundation the team has built and positioning Terex and Konecranes Terex for success in the future,” said Garrison.
Garrison is a 1982 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. He will be based in Westport, Conn. Tags:  Terex Corp  John L. Garrison Jr.  Chief Executive Officer  Related Articles   Superstars Of Screening ...     John Deere Loads Up on Bucket Options; Offers New Warranty...     Flexible Screw Conveyor Accommodates Multiple Material Sources...     Corps Of Engineers Compiling Guidance For Beneficial Use Materials...     New Commercial Construction Index Marks Growth...     Terex Washing Systems Launches AquaClear Water-Management Solutions...  
















































Resource Center



No iframes








Most Popular






MSHA Reports Fifth Fatality This Year 



Eagle Materials Reports Strong First Quarter 



Construction Material Prices Building Up Construction Costs 



Senate Committee Votes to Save, Increase TIGER Grants 



LafargeHolcim Notes U.S. Business Gains in Second Quarter 




More inLatest News   




























































Contact Details



Mining Media, International 8751 E. Hampden Ave B1 Denver, CO 80231 USA   T: +1 (303) 283-0640 F: +1 (303) 283-0641   [email protected]  [email protected]









Help and Support




Subscription Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy












 











 






















E&MJ 





Coal Age 





Concrete Products 





Cement Americas 





Equipo Minero 





C&D World 





ASIA Miner 



 











© 2017 | All rights reserved.














Executive Profile | Terex Corporation | John L. Garrison Jr. | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











John L. Garrison Jr. 

		
		President and CEO, 

	
		 Terex Corporation 	

 
Last Updated: 04/06/2017 



Executive Summary
In October 2015, Terex announced it had appointed John Garrison as its Chief Executive Officer and President, effective November 2, 2015. Garrison is also a member of the Terex board of directors. Garrison joined Terex from Textron, Inc., where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. He was named to that positi 
Personal Attributes and Interests

He enjoys golf, hunting and fishing, and family vacations.
His father was a career Air Force pilot and mother, who’s also an Air Force veteran, was a nurse. The couple had five children in six years and moved frequently.  
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: Terex Corporation is a global manufacturer of lifting and material processing products and services that deliver lifecycle solutions to maximize customer return on investment. The Company reports  
Key Challenges

Tough Market: “As we enter 2017, we are not expecting our major markets to improve. In fact, we expect most markets to be as challenging as 2016,” Garrison told analysts on the Company’s February 2017  
Biographical Highlights

Born c. 1961.
Garrison earned a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from the United States Military Academy, West Point (1982) and a Master’ 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Cabinet Member, American Patriots Campaign, Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
Former President, Board of Directors, American Helicopter Society (AHS) International 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us

























John L. Garrison Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John L. Garrison Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer at Terex Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you John L. Garrison Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John L. Garrison Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John L. Garrison Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John L. Garrison Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John L. Garrison Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








John L. Garrison Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Terex Corporation


Past
To view John L. Garrison Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


John L. Garrison Jr.'s Biography



Business Experience:    John L. Garrison, Jr. was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Terex Corporation on November 2, 2015. Previously, Mr. Garrison was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bell Helicopter, a segment of Textron, Inc., since 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Garrison served as President of Textron's industrial segment, which comprises four businesses: E-Z-GO golf cars, Greenlee, Jacobsen and Kautex. Prior to that he was President of E-Z-GO. Mr. Garrison joined Textron in 2002 from Azurix Corporation, a global water company, where he was President, Chairman and CEO. He was previously Vice President and General Manage ...
(Read More)

			Business Experience:    John L. Garrison, Jr. was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Terex Corporation on November 2, 2015. Previously, Mr. Garrison was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bell Helicopter, a segment of Textron, Inc., since 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Garrison served as President of Textron's industrial segment, which comprises four businesses: E-Z-GO golf cars, Greenlee, Jacobsen and Kautex. Prior to that he was President of E-Z-GO. Mr. Garrison joined Textron in 2002 from Azurix Corporation, a global water company, where he was President, Chairman and CEO. He was previously Vice President and General Manager of Case Corporation's North American Agricultural Group, and Vice President and General Manager of the Case Agricultural Systems Group.       Qualifications:    Mr. Garrison is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries, including substantial operations experience as President of large international manufacturers. Based on his current role as CEO of the Company, Mr. Garrison provides the Board with skillful leadership and insight into the Company's global operations.
		
Source: Terex Corporation on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John L. Garrison Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John L. Garrison Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John L. Garrison Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John L. Garrison Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John L. Garrison Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John L. Garrison Jr.


















John L. Garrison Jr.'s Connections (62)





Sign up now to view John L. Garrison Jr.'s 62 connections »









Scott W. Wine
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Polaris Industries Inc.









Lloyd G. Trotter
Board Member, Textron Inc.









Ivor J. Evans
Board Member, Textron Inc.









Raimund Klinkner
Board Member, Terex Corporation









Paula H. Cholmondeley
Board Member, Terex Corporation









James T. Conway
Board Member, Textron Inc.









Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Textron Inc.









R. Kerry Clark
Board Member, Textron Inc.









Lawrence K. Fish
Board Member, Textron Inc.









James L. Ziemer
Board Member, Textron Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























































































John L. Garrison, Jr. appointed Terex Corporation’s new President and CEO | Konecranes.com


















Skip to main content




 
Header first 





Global 



Search this site 


Refine search results
Category 

 -Any- 


  Contact 


  Equipment 


  Industries 


  Service 




Search for 

 -Any- 


 Career story 


 Crane Health Form 


 Event 


 Infograph 


 Investor document 


 Lander 


 Lifting viewpoints 


 Location 


 News (press releases) 


 Page 


 Resource Lander 


 Video 




Sort by 

 Relevancy 


 Title 


 Date 




Sort order 

 Ascending 


 Descending 






 




 Call usAustraliaAustriaBrazilCanada FrenchCanada EnglishChileChinaCzech RepublicDenmarkEstoniaFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaItalyJapanLithuaniaLatviaMalaysiaMexicoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandRomaniaRussiaSaudi ArabiaSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandThailandTurkeyUKUAEUSAVietnam 
Store  




Contact us 







Banner 



Content top 






Data Protection
Resources
 



You are hereHome / Press / Releases / John L. Garrison, Jr. appointed Terex Corporation’s new President and CEOJohn L. Garrison, Jr. appointed Terex Corporation’s new President and CEO




















 


Stock exchange release
15.10.2015 - 23:25


On August 10, 2015, Konecranes entered into an agreement with Terex Corporation ("Terex") to combine businesses in a merger of equals. The combined company will be called Konecranes Terex Plc. Under the agreement, Konecranes’ current Chairman of the Board will become Konecranes Terex’ Chairman and the Terex CEO will become Konecranes Terex’ CEO upon and subject to the completion of the merger.
Terex has on October 15, 2015, announced that MBA John L. Garrison, Jr. has been appointed President and CEO of Terex as of November 2, 2015. Mr. Garrison will transfer from Textron, Inc. (NYSE: TXT), where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. Terex’ press release is included in the appendix. Since the regulatory approvals are still pending, the Board of Directors of Konecranes has only acknowledged the appointment.

	KONECRANES PLC
	Miikka Kinnunen
	Director, Investor Relations

	FURTHER INFORMATION
Miikka Kinnunen, Director, Investor Relations, Konecranes Plc, tel. +358 20 427 2050
	 
Konecranes is a world-leading group of Lifting Businesses™, serving a broad range of customers, including manufacturing and process industries, shipyards, ports and terminals. Konecranes provides productivity-enhancing lifting solutions as well as services for lifting equipment and machine tools of all makes. In 2014, Group sales totaled EUR 2,011 million. The Group has 11,900 employees at 600 locations in 48 countries. Konecranes is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki (symbol: KCR1V).
	DISTRIBUTION
	Nasdaq Helsinki
	Major mediawww.konecranes.com
	 
 
Forward Looking Statements 
This document contains forward-looking statements regarding future events, including statements regarding Terex or Konecranes, the transaction described in this document and the expected benefits of such transaction and future financial performance of the combined businesses of Terex and Konecranes based on each of their current expectations. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. When included in this document, the words “may,” “expects,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “projects,” “estimates” and the negatives thereof and analogous or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. Terex and Konecranes have based these forward-looking statements on current expectations and projections about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance.
Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Terex and Konecranes, include among others: the ability of Terex and Konecranes to obtain shareholder approval for the transaction, the ability of Terex and Konecranes to obtain regulatory approval for the transaction, the possibility that the length of time required to complete the transaction will be longer than anticipated, the achievement of the expected benefits of the transaction, risks associated with the integration of the businesses of Terex and Konecranes, the possibility that the businesses of Terex and Konecranes may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the proposed transaction, and other factors, risks and uncertainties that are more specifically set forth in Terex’ public filings with the SEC and Konecranes’ annual and interim reports.  Each of Terex and Konecranes disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained herein.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
This document relates to the proposed merger of Terex and Konecranes, through which all of Terex’ common stock will be exchanged for Konecranes ordinary shares (or American depositary shares, if required). This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase or exchange, or a solicitation of an offer to sell or exchange, all of common stock of Terex, nor is it a substitute for  the Preliminary Prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed by Konecranes with the SEC, the Prospectus / Proxy to be filed by Terex with the SEC, the listing prospectus of Konecranes to be filed by Konecranes with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (and as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Merger Documents”). No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE MERGER DOCUMENTS AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT KONECRANES OR TEREX HAS FILED OR MAY FILE WITH THE SEC, NASDAQ HELSINKI OR FINNISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING THE PROPOSED MERGER.
The information contained in this document must not be published, released or distributed, directly or indirectly, in any jurisdiction where the publication, release or distribution of such information is restricted by laws or regulations. Therefore, persons in such jurisdictions into which these materials are published, released or distributed must inform themselves about and comply with such laws or regulations. Konecranes and Terex do not accept any responsibility for any violation by any person of any such restrictions. The Merger Documents and other documents referred to above, if filed or furnished by Konecranes or Terex with the SEC, as applicable, will be available free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or by writing to Anna-Mari Kautto, Investor Relations Assistant, Konecranes Plc, P.O. Box 661, FI-05801 Hyvinkää, Finland or Elizabeth Gaal Investor Relations Associate, Terex, 200 Nyala Farm Road, Westport, CT 06880, USA.
Konecranes and Terex and their respective directors, executive officers and employees and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transaction. Information regarding Konecranes' directors and executive officers is available in Konecranes’ annual report for fiscal year 2014 at www.konecranes.com. Information about Terex' directors and executive officers and their ownership of Terex ordinary shares is available in its Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 1, 2015. Other information regarding the interests of such individuals as well as information regarding Konecranes’ and Terex' directors and officers will be available in the proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.
APPENDIX
Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer
WESTPORT, CT, October 15, 2015 – Terex Corporation (NYSE:TEX) today named John L. Garrison, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President effective November 2, 2015.  He will also become a member of the Terex Board of Directors effective November 2, 2015.  Mr. Garrison will succeed outgoing CEO Ronald M. DeFeo, who will continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Company through December 31, 2015.  Mr. DeFeo will continue as a consultant for Terex after December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2016.
Mr. Garrison joins Terex from Textron, Inc. (NYSE: TXT) where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment.  Prior to that, Mr. Garrison was President of Textron’s Industrial Segment and E-Z-GO.  He was also President and CEO at Azurix Corporation and held senior leadership positions at Case Corporation, and served as an officer in the United States Army.
“John is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries.  The Board considered a highly qualified pool of outstanding candidates and we strongly believe that John is the right person to lead Terex and Konecranes Terex into the future,” said David Sachs, Terex Lead Director.  “We are grateful for Ron’s many contributions to Terex over the years and his leadership through both good and bad economic cycles in continuing to improve the Company into the premier company it is today.  We are pleased that Ron will be available through the leadership transition.”
Mr. DeFeo added, “I am proud of the company Terex has become in my 23 years as Terex’s leader.  With my planned retirement, this day was inevitable and I am confident that John will be able to continue to create value for our shareholders and the shareholders of Konecranes Terex.”
“I am extremely excited to be leading Terex at such an important time in its history.  I look forward to building on the strong foundation the team has built and positioning Terex and Konecranes Terex for success in the future,” said Mr. Garrison.
Mr. Garrison is a 1982 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Business School.  He will be based in Westport, CT.
Forward Looking Statements:
This press release contains forward-looking information based on the current expectations of Terex Corporation.  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially.  Such risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Terex, include those factors that are more specifically set forth in the public filings of Terex with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Actual events or the actual future results of Terex may differ materially from any forward looking statement due to those and other risks, uncertainties and significant factors.  The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release.  Terex expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement included in this press release to reflect any changes in expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
About Terex:
Terex Corporation is a lifting and material handling solutions company reporting in five business segments: Aerial Work Platforms, Construction, Cranes, Material Handling & Port Solutions and Materials Processing.  Terex manufactures a broad range of equipment for use in various industries, including the construction, infrastructure, manufacturing, shipping, transportation, refining, energy, utility, quarrying and mining industries.  Terex offers financial products and services to assist in the acquisition of Terex equipment through Terex Financial Services.  Terex uses its website (www.terex.com) and its Facebook page (www.facebook.com/TerexCorporation) to make information available to its investors and the market.
 
Contact Information:
	Tom Gelston
	Vice President, Investor Relations
	Phone: (203) 222-5943
	Email: thomas.gelston@terex.com
 











Content bottom 









Globalwww.konecranes.comLift TrucksBOXHUNTERCXT UNO CraneCLXEuropeAustriaBelgium (Français)Belgium (Nederlands)Czech RepublicDenmarkEstoniaFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryItalyLatviaLatvia (ру́сский)LithuaniaLithuania (ру́сский)NetherlandsNorwayPolandPortugal RomaniaRussiaSlovakiaSloveniaSpainSwedenSwitzerland (Deutsch)Switzerland (Français)Switzerland (Italian)TurkeyUkraineUkraine (ру́сский)United KingdomAmericasBrazilCanada (English)Canada (Français)ChileMexicoPeruUSAMachine Tool Service (USA)Crane Pro Parts (USA)Training Insitute (USA)AfricaAngolaBotswanaBurkina FasoCameroonDR of the CongoRepublic of the CongoEgyptEquatorial GuineaGabonGuineaIvory CoastKenyaMoroccoMaliMauritaniaMozambiqueNigeriaNigerTanzaniaSouth AfricaSenegalTunisiaZambiaZimbabweAPAC and Middle EastAustralia and New ZealandBangladeshChinaIndiaIndonesiaJapanJordanKuwaitLebanonMalaysiaOmanPhilippinesQatarSaudi ArabiaSingaporeThailandUnited Arab EmiratesVietnam



 


 



























Bell Helicopter's John L. Garrison, Jr. | Business Jet Traveler






































Skip to main content









Search form



Search



 
LOGINREGISTER 


AircraftBuying & Selling AircraftNew Aircraft PreviewUsed Aircraft ReviewAircraft DirectoryFlyingFull/Frax OwnershipCharter, Cards & ClubsTaxes, Laws, & FinanceInside the CabinTraveler TipsSafetyPeopleIndustry InsidersVIPs and CEOsTime OffGreat GolfGetawaysOutdoor AdventuresCar ReviewsMoney MattersRestaurants, Food & LiquorRecommended CharitiesCommentaryFrom the EditorsBlogs





























 Bell Helicopter President and CEO, John L. Garrison, Jr. (Photo: Bell Helicopter)


Bell Helicopter's John L. Garrison, Jr.

Mark Huber | 
                November 2013










 The corporate executives who speak at trade-show press conferences frequently seem uncomfortable and wooden; and when it comes time for any sort of probing question, their eyes often fix firmly on the nearest exit. Maybe that’s why John Garrison stood out.
Bell Helicopter appointed him as president and CEO in August 2009. I attended his first big industry press conference the following February at Heli-Expo, the helicopter field’s premier trade show. Bell had been limping along for years with declining sales, a stagnant product line and faltering development programs. The stock of its parent, Textron, had done a spectacular faceplant, with its split-adjusted price falling from $67 in 2007 to $6 in 2009, and was only slowly crawling out of the gutter. Bell was poised to do a swan dive—maybe for good. In nine years, Bell had had six CEOs and no one seemed able to right the ship. Garrison likely would be the next enthusiast headed for the meat grinder, I thought.
	Before the press conference began that day, Garrison did something I have never seen before or since from a CEO: he worked the room, introducing himself to everyone, shaking hands, looking people in the eye and thanking them for coming. It was a small but significant gesture that got my attention and made me think: Who is this guy?
	The son of a career Air Force pilot, Garrison played linebacker at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, graduated, became an Army Ranger, was sent to Harvard to earn an MBA and then returned to West Point as an instructor. He left the Army after 10 years and joined the private sector, holding several senior management positions before being hired to turn around Textron’s E-Z-Go golf-cart division in 2002. Five years later, the company promoted him to head Textron’s entire industrial-products segment.
	Since joining Bell, Garrison has moved at breakneck speed, fixing the troubled 429 light twin and getting it to market, revising legacy models such as the 407 and the 412 and launching products such as the 525 super medium twin (the largest commercial helicopter Bell has ever built), the SLS light single and the V-280 next-generation tiltrotor for the military. He also has led an aggressive charge to find new markets for the Bell/Boeing V-22 tiltrotor, which is currently in service with the Marines and the Air Force and was recently ordered by Israel.
	Garrison has done others things to rejuvenate Bell and remake its culture, committing $1 billion to increasing research and development and updating the company’s facilities in Fort Worth. He has overseen the expansion of an “engineering boot camp” at Bell for promising college students and has challenged the aerospace industry to do more to recruit the best and the brightest away from tech behemoths such as Google and Apple. He is working to expand Bell’s global footprint on all fronts: service, sales and engineering. Bell is calling its new Model 525 helicopter the “Relentless.” The word could just as easily be applied to Garrison.
What are some of the most important books you have read and why?
	Good to Great, by Jim Collins, shows how challenging it is to create a great organization and I really like his comments around leadership. The Art of War, by Sun Tzu, is perhaps one of the best strategy books ever written and has withstood the test of time. There is a lot that is applicable to any form of strategy in that book. And Doris Kearns Goodwin’s book, Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln, covers the challenge of leadership under incredibly difficult times. [It shows] President Lincoln’s ability to [turn] a band of rivals into a cohesive team to address arguably the most defining moment in our history. It was incredibly insightful.
What was the main thing the Army did to prepare you for your current job?
	I think it helped me interact with military customers from all the services. The other thing the Army does is help you to become a pretty good problem solver. The engineering undergraduate degree helps you think analytically and my 10 years [on active duty] really helped me to think through problems and be creative.
Who was your favorite professor at Harvard?
	Two stood out. Michael Porter for his classes in competitive strategy and his “five forces analysis” of understanding industry and industry trends was very helpful. Up until that time I had thought of strategy only in terms of a military context and it was interesting to be able to convert that to a business context.
	The other professor I enjoyed was Richard Tedlow, who taught a very entertaining and insightful course, looking at things businesses did or did not do and the ultimate outcome from those decisions. You know that old saying: if we don’t learn from the past we are damned to repeat it. I thought that class was pretty helpful as well.
What do you find to be the major similarities between the military and business worlds when it comes to strategy?
	Strategy has to encompass both the near and long term. Then there has to be an in-depth analysis of competitive forces and anticipating what actions and reactions your competitors will take, given your actions and reactions. The other area is allocation of scarce resources to achieve your strategy. How do you conduct resource allocation to move the needle toward the accomplishment of your strategy? The decision cycle is faster often in the private sector unless you are engaged in combat.
Are there any particular business leaders who inspire you?
	I’ve worked for many great business leaders who have had the confidence in me to place me in some very difficult situations and problem-solving scenarios.
	I enjoy reading Warren Buffett’s annual shareholders’ letters. They are filled with great insight across a multitude of subjects. I do read quite a bit about former military and business leaders. [Former Intel CEO] Andy Grove’s book, Only the Paranoid Survive, I liked a lot.
You were an instructur at West Point. To what extent do you need to be a good instructor to be a good CEO?
	I think it helps. The ability to communicate clearly and concisely, the ability to engage in almost the Socratic method [instructing by asking questions] in terms of problem solving, and the ability to continue learning no matter where you are in the organization are critical to be able to grow. You have to be a pretty good teacher, but you have to be a pretty good student as well.
What was your top priority when you joined Bell and how did you accomplish it?
	The top priority was to tap back into the emotion this great company has had for 75 years. We really didn’t have a sense of direction or a clear mission. We got the team together and created a mission statement that represented the great legacy of this company. We’ve changed the way the world flies, but we also wanted to create exceptional value for our customers.
	Once we had a clear vision, we set four strategic priorities: Grow our balanced business by making organic investments in the military, commercial and customer-support businesses. Then differentiate our products and services in a way that adds value from the customer’s perspective. Third, be more responsive and cost-competitive. Finally, practice execution excellence. When Bell makes a commitment we want to deliver on that commitment to the customers, shareholders and employees.
What has been your proudest moment at Bell so far?
	There have been a lot of great moments and it generally centers on the team accomplishing something outstanding. The 525 launch [in 2012] represented years of work with the team interacting with customers. Several hundred Bell employees were present when we formally launched it at the Heli-Expo [trade show] and to see the pride on their faces was a special moment. The V-22 [military tiltrotor] has won several awards for affordability and availability from the military.
Aircraft development programs can be long and difficult. How do you keep your team motivated and on target?
	It starts with heavy customer engagement before you even think about designing anything. What are their business and mission needs and value parameters today and 20 years from now? On the 525, our customer advisory panel has advised us on all phases of the design. Now we are focusing on what they need in terms of support when the product comes to market. That’s the first thing. When our team has the opportunity to spend time with the customer, it keeps them focused and motivated.
	These programs are long and tough, so along the way we keep people engaged by celebrating the little wins that will ultimately deliver big wins. Things like receiving the first casting [when] it comes through with zero defects. Or the first jig load in the assembly operation.
	On both the 525 and our recently announced Short Light Single [SLS light helicopter], we are fundamentally changing the way products are developed and brought to market. The people on these teams are on the leading edge, helping to drive transformational change within the organization with the latest digital design software and fully integrated product teams, things we really hadn’t done before at Bell.
	These teams are not only helping to design a product, they’re helping to transform the company. We let them know that what they are doing is incredibly important. That keeps them motivated and helps them get through the tough days.
What’s Bell’s strategy for dealing with the government in the age of federal budget sequestration? Doesn’t that have the potential to create a lot of uncertainty when it comes to FAA oversight of the commercial sector and military product funding?
	First and foremost, you have to develop strong working relationships. So we work hard at establishing those with the FAA, Transport Canada and EASA [the European Aviation Safety Agency]. On the military side, we are working very closely with the agencies we deal with inside the Pentagon.
	We also spend a lot of time understanding priorities. I think a lot of conflict can occur when priorities are not clear. That is going to become even more important in the sequestration world, especially on the military spending side.
On the commercial side, how do you balance the need to gain international market share with the need to safeguard the company’s intellectual property?
	Seventy percent of our commercial helicopter sales are international. Those markets are incredibly important to us. So we look at how we can best meet the needs of each market and country. In the case of the BRIC [Brazil, Russia, India and China] nations, they may ask for final assembly plants, but is that what is really needed in the market? In some cases, the answer is no. What is really needed is partnerships on flight and maintenance training, starting with service centers, completion centers and then ultimately moving up to final assembly. You can’t build helicopters in every country in the world. You have to mix the needs of the market with the needs of our company for return on investment and capital utilization. We spend a lot of time developing the right strategy for each market.
On the new SLS light helicopter you are using a collaborative team of Bell engineers from Canada, India and Texas. Is that the future model for all new products that have a global appeal?
	I think it is. It is a global, competitive marketplace—a 24/7, 365-day-a-year marketplace. Companies need to be able to leverage capabilities in different areas and to interact digitally in these markets in real time. It’s not [just] the way of the future. We’re doing it today. n


Leave a commmentHide Comments 


Add your comment
By submitting a comment, you are allowing AIN Publications to edit and use your comment in all media.

Your name 



E-mail 

 More information?


Homepage 



Comment *


More information about text formatsPlain textNo HTML tags allowed.Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Lines and paragraphs break automatically.






Home page 



Leave this field blank 


Save
 















About BJT
Since 2003, the bimonthly Business Jet Traveler has been providing subscribers in more than 150 countries with aviation and lifestyle news, reviews, and features. More >
 


ContactPast IssuesSubscribeCalendarCustomer ServiceTerms of UseAdvertiseReprints
 


Free BJT Subscription











Business Jet Traveler is a publication of The Convention News Co., Inc., 214 Franklin Avenue, Midland Park, NJ 07432. Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.


















JOHN L. GARRISON, JR. APPOINTED TEREX CORPORATION'S NEW PRESIDENT AND CEO Helsinki Stock Exchange:KCR1V









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













JOHN L. GARRISON, JR. APPOINTED TEREX CORPORATION'S NEW PRESIDENT AND CEO
KONECRANES PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  October 15, 2015 at 23:25 EET



















October 15, 2015 16:25 ET

 | Source: Konecranes Oyj

multilang-release




On August 10, 2015, Konecranes entered into an agreement with Terex Corporation ("Terex") to combine businesses in a merger of equals. The combined company will be called Konecranes Terex Plc. Under the agreement, Konecranes’ current Chairman of the Board will become Konecranes Terex’ Chairman and the Terex CEO will become Konecranes Terex’ CEO upon and subject to the completion of the merger. 

Terex has on October 15, 2015, announced that MBA John L. Garrison, Jr. has been appointed President and CEO of Terex as of November 2, 2015. Mr. Garrison will transfer from Textron, Inc. (NYSE: TXT), where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. Terex’ press release is included in the appendix. Since the regulatory approvals are still pending, the Board of Directors of Konecranes has only acknowledged the appointment. 


KONECRANES PLC

	Miikka Kinnunen
	Director, Investor Relations


	FURTHER INFORMATION 

Miikka Kinnunen, Director, Investor Relations, Konecranes Plc, tel. +358 20 427 2050


	 

Konecranes is a world-leading group of Lifting Businesses™, serving a broad range of customers, including manufacturing and process industries, shipyards, ports and terminals. Konecranes provides productivity-enhancing lifting solutions as well as services for lifting equipment and machine tools of all makes. In 2014, Group sales totaled EUR 2,011 million. The Group has 11,900 employees at 600 locations in 48 countries. Konecranes is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki (symbol: KCR1V).



	DISTRIBUTION
	Nasdaq Helsinki
	Major media
	www.konecranes.com
	 

 

Forward Looking Statements   

This document contains forward-looking statements regarding future events, including statements regarding Terex or Konecranes, the transaction described in this document and the expected benefits of such transaction and future financial performance of the combined businesses of Terex and Konecranes based on each of their current expectations. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. When included in this document, the words “may,” “expects,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “projects,” “estimates” and the negatives thereof and analogous or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. Terex and Konecranes have based these forward-looking statements on current expectations and projections about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance.  

Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Terex and Konecranes, include among others: the ability of Terex and Konecranes to obtain shareholder approval for the transaction, the ability of Terex and Konecranes to obtain regulatory approval for the transaction, the possibility that the length of time required to complete the transaction will be longer than anticipated, the achievement of the expected benefits of the transaction, risks associated with the integration of the businesses of Terex and Konecranes, the possibility that the businesses of Terex and Konecranes may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the proposed transaction, and other factors, risks and uncertainties that are more specifically set forth in Terex’ public filings with the SEC and Konecranes’ annual and interim reports.  Each of Terex and Konecranes disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained herein. 

IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

This document relates to the proposed merger of Terex and Konecranes, through which all of Terex’ common stock will be exchanged for Konecranes ordinary shares (or American depositary shares, if required). This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase or exchange, or a solicitation of an offer to sell or exchange, all of common stock of Terex, nor is it a substitute for  the Preliminary Prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed by Konecranes with the SEC, the Prospectus / Proxy to be filed by Terex with the SEC, the listing prospectus of Konecranes to be filed by Konecranes with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (and as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Merger Documents”). No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 

INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE MERGER DOCUMENTS AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT KONECRANES OR TEREX HAS FILED OR MAY FILE WITH THE SEC, NASDAQ HELSINKI OR FINNISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING THE PROPOSED MERGER. 

The information contained in this document must not be published, released or distributed, directly or indirectly, in any jurisdiction where the publication, release or distribution of such information is restricted by laws or regulations. Therefore, persons in such jurisdictions into which these materials are published, released or distributed must inform themselves about and comply with such laws or regulations. Konecranes and Terex do not accept any responsibility for any violation by any person of any such restrictions. The Merger Documents and other documents referred to above, if filed or furnished by Konecranes or Terex with the SEC, as applicable, will be available free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or by writing to Anna-Mari Kautto, Investor Relations Assistant, Konecranes Plc, P.O. Box 661, FI-05801 Hyvinkää, Finland or Elizabeth Gaal Investor Relations Associate, Terex, 200 Nyala Farm Road, Westport, CT 06880, USA. 

Konecranes and Terex and their respective directors, executive officers and employees and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transaction. Information regarding Konecranes' directors and executive officers is available in Konecranes’ annual report for fiscal year 2014 at www.konecranes.com. Information about Terex' directors and executive officers and their ownership of Terex ordinary shares is available in its Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 1, 2015. Other information regarding the interests of such individuals as well as information regarding Konecranes’ and Terex' directors and officers will be available in the proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. 

APPENDIX 

Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer 

WESTPORT, CT, October 15, 2015 – Terex Corporation (NYSE:TEX) today named John L. Garrison, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President effective November 2, 2015.  He will also become a member of the Terex Board of Directors effective November 2, 2015.  Mr. Garrison will succeed outgoing CEO Ronald M. DeFeo, who will continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Company through December 31, 2015.  Mr. DeFeo will continue as a consultant for Terex after December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2016. 

Mr. Garrison joins Terex from Textron, Inc. (NYSE: TXT) where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment.  Prior to that, Mr. Garrison was President of Textron’s Industrial Segment and E-Z-GO.  He was also President and CEO at Azurix Corporation and held senior leadership positions at Case Corporation, and served as an officer in the United States Army. 

“John is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries.  The Board considered a highly qualified pool of outstanding candidates and we strongly believe that John is the right person to lead Terex and Konecranes Terex into the future,” said David Sachs, Terex Lead Director.  “We are grateful for Ron’s many contributions to Terex over the years and his leadership through both good and bad economic cycles in continuing to improve the Company into the premier company it is today.  We are pleased that Ron will be available through the leadership transition.” 

Mr. DeFeo added, “I am proud of the company Terex has become in my 23 years as Terex’s leader.  With my planned retirement, this day was inevitable and I am confident that John will be able to continue to create value for our shareholders and the shareholders of Konecranes Terex.” 

“I am extremely excited to be leading Terex at such an important time in its history.  I look forward to building on the strong foundation the team has built and positioning Terex and Konecranes Terex for success in the future,” said Mr. Garrison. 

Mr. Garrison is a 1982 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Business School.  He will be based in Westport, CT. 

Forward Looking Statements:

This press release contains forward-looking information based on the current expectations of Terex Corporation.  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially.  Such risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Terex, include those factors that are more specifically set forth in the public filings of Terex with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Actual events or the actual future results of Terex may differ materially from any forward looking statement due to those and other risks, uncertainties and significant factors.  The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release.  Terex expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement included in this press release to reflect any changes in expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

About Terex:

Terex Corporation is a lifting and material handling solutions company reporting in five business segments: Aerial Work Platforms, Construction, Cranes, Material Handling & Port Solutions and Materials Processing.  Terex manufactures a broad range of equipment for use in various industries, including the construction, infrastructure, manufacturing, shipping, transportation, refining, energy, utility, quarrying and mining industries.  Terex offers financial products and services to assist in the acquisition of Terex equipment through Terex Financial Services.  Terex uses its website (www.terex.com) and its Facebook page (www.facebook.com/TerexCorporation) to make information available to its investors and the market. 

	 

Contact Information:
Tom Gelston
Vice President, Investor Relations
Phone: (203) 222-5943
Email: thomas.gelston@terex.com

 


Related Articles
other press releases by Konecranes Oyj


Konecranes won repeat RTG order from Port Houston
July 28, 2017 04:30


Konecranes Plc Half-Year Financial Report January-June 2017
July 26, 2017 02:00


Georgia Ports Authority of USA ordered more STS cranes from Konecranes
July 25, 2017 07:00


Konecranes received order for automated RTG system and STS cranes from new customer in Indonesia
July 20, 2017 07:00


SEA-invest orders three Konecranes Gottwald Mobile Harbor Cranes for Belgium and France
July 18, 2017 06:00








Profile

Konecranes Oyj





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



    FINLAND




Available languages

English
Swedish
Finnish










Media Files



Konecranes Oyj  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.










Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer | 




Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer











































Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item


Search for:



 
English  
Booth Map
Terex Booth Live Cam
Press Center
Contact Us
News
About Bauma























					Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer			

October 15, 2015 

WESTPORT, CT, October 15, 2015 – Terex Corporation (NYSE:TEX) today named John L. Garrison, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President effective November 2, 2015. He will also become a member of the Terex Board of Directors effective November 2, 2015. Mr. Garrison will succeed outgoing CEO Ronald M. DeFeo, who will continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Company through December 31, 2015. Mr. DeFeo will continue as a consultant for Terex after December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2016.
Mr. Garrison joins Terex from Textron, Inc. (NYSE: TXT) where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. Prior to that, Mr. Garrison was President of Textron’s Industrial Segment and E-Z-GO. He was also President and CEO at Azurix Corporation and held senior leadership positions at Case Corporation, and served as an officer in the United States Army.
“John is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries. The Board considered a highly qualified pool of outstanding candidates and we strongly believe that John is the right person to lead Terex and Konecranes Terex into the future,” said David Sachs, Terex Lead Director. “We are grateful for Ron’s many contributions to Terex over the years and his leadership through both good and bad economic cycles in continuing to improve the Company into the premier company it is today. We are pleased that Ron will be available through the leadership transition.”
Mr. DeFeo added, “I am proud of the company Terex has become in my 23 years as Terex’s leader. With my planned retirement, this day was inevitable and I am confident that John will be able to continue to create value for our shareholders and the shareholders of Konecranes Terex.”
“I am extremely excited to be leading Terex at such an important time in its history. I look forward to building on the strong foundation the team has built and positioning Terex and Konecranes Terex for success in the future,” said Mr. Garrison.
Mr. Garrison is a 1982 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. He will be based in Westport, CT.
Forward Looking Statements:
This press release contains forward-looking information based on the current expectations of Terex Corporation. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Terex, include those factors that are more specifically set forth in the public filings of Terex with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual events or the actual future results of Terex may differ materially from any forward looking statement due to those and other risks, uncertainties and significant factors. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Terex expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement included in this press release to reflect any changes in expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
About Terex:
Terex Corporation is a lifting and material handling solutions company reporting in five business segments: Aerial Work Platforms, Construction, Cranes, Material Handling & Port Solutions and Materials Processing. Terex manufactures a broad range of equipment for use in various industries, including the construction, infrastructure, manufacturing, shipping, transportation, refining, energy, utility, quarrying and mining industries. Terex offers financial products and services to assist in the acquisition of Terex equipment through Terex Financial Services. Terex uses its website (www.terex.com) and its Facebook page (www.facebook.com/TerexCorporation) to make information available to its investors and the market.
Contact Information:
Tom Gelston
Vice President, Investor Relations
Phone: (203) 222-5943
Email: thomas.gelston@terex.com




Post navigation

TEREX ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2015 RESULTS →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 





News


Terex Port Solutions Completes its Portfolio by Acquiring the Terminal Tractor Product Line from CVS Ferrari

April 13, 2016

Handling solutions for ports and terminals extended Düsseldorf, Germany, 13 April 2016 – Terex Port Solutions (TPS) has acquired the assets of the terminal tractor product line from CVS Ferrari S.R.L. (CVS), which has been part of Manitex International, Inc. since 2010. The acquisition strengthens TPS’ position as a leader in integrated solutions for ports and terminals. The existing range…




Terex Brings Back its Popular Demag® Cranes Line 

April 10, 2016

Built for a Challenge. Powered by Innovation MUNICH, April 11, 2016 – Terex Cranes announces the return of its legendary Demag® cranes brand at bauma.   Shown are three updated 5-axle machines that are part of the Demag all terrain crane family.  The Demag range consists of 11 all terrain cranes, ranging from 100 to 1,200 tonnes of capacity and seven…




Terex Cranes to Showcase  New Products and Innovations at Bauma 2016



MUNICH, April 13, 2016 – With more than 500,000 visitors expected to attend bauma 2016, Terex Cranes will proudly reintroduce the Demag brand to the mobile crane market, unveil several new pieces of equipment and highlight its latest machine innovations and features that enhance performance and safety on the jobsite. “The equipment and innovation on display at bauma in 2016…













Close cookie popup
This website uses cookies: By continuing to browse this site you accept this policy.



















 


Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer





































Close this window
Was this article useful?

Join our newsletter and get the latest headlines delivered to you weekly.






Sign Up






                        I'm already subscribed
                    

                        > Learn more
                    


























Tags


            Industry News
        



            Terex Names John L. Garrison, Jr. New Chief Executive Officer
        

                October 16, 2015
            




















        John L. Garrison
        




Terex Corporation has named John L. Garrison, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President effective November 2, 2015. He will also become a member of the Terex Board of Directors effective November 2, 2015.Mr. Garrison will succeed outgoing CEO Ronald M. DeFeo, who will continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Company through December 31, 2015. Mr. DeFeo will continue as a consultant for Terex after December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2016. Mr. Garrison joins Terex from Textron, Inc. where he served as President and CEO of their Bell Helicopter Segment. Prior to that, Mr. Garrison was President of Textron’s Industrial Segment and E-Z-GO. He was also President and CEO at Azurix Corporation and held senior leadership positions at Case Corporation, and served as an officer in the United States Army.“John is a proven leader with considerable experience across a variety of industries. The Board considered a highly qualified pool of outstanding candidates and we strongly believe that John is the right person to lead Terex and Konecranes Terex into the future,” said David Sachs, Terex Lead Director. “We are grateful for Ron’s many contributions to Terex over the years and his leadership through both good and bad economic cycles in continuing to improve the Company into the premier company it is today. We are pleased that Ron will be available through the leadership transition.”Mr. DeFeo added, “I am proud of the company Terex has become in my 23 years as Terex’s leader. With my planned retirement, this day was inevitable and I am confident that John will be able to continue to create value for our shareholders and the shareholders of Konecranes Terex.”“I am extremely excited to be leading Terex at such an important time in its history. I look forward to building on the strong foundation the team has built and positioning Terex and Konecranes Terex for success in the future,” said Mr. Garrison.Mr. Garrison is a 1982 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. He will be based in Westport, CT. 







            Company
            Info



















Terex Corporation


                    200 Nyala Farm Road
                                    Westport
                        , CT
                        
                            US
                        , 06880
                        


                Website:
                www.terex.com/






            Read more
        








        Related News






Tags


            Industry News
        





                    Site Safety
                
                                150 facility fires reported in the waste & recycling industry in six months
            


            August 17, 2016
        

























Does anyone know how many fires have occurred at Waste & Recycling facilities so far this year? When we first launched the Fire Rover, we searched everywhere for this information. We have had conversations with executives, operations leaders, safety teams and institutional investors and, although we gained invaluable market information, no one seemed to have access to the data we sought. If you’re reading this article and you know the answer, please share; but in lieu of a source, we attempted to figure out a way to compile the information on our own.

Read More













Tags


            Industry News
        





                    Food Waste Management
                
                                EREF program allows U.S. schools to join in the fight against food waste
            


            August 17, 2016
        






















The Environmental Research & Education Foundation (EREF) has developed the School Cafeteria Discards Assessment Project (SCrAP) to quantify both food waste and related wastes (e.g. recyclables, to landfill) generated in cafeterias at K-12 schools in the U.S..

Read More











Tags


            Industry News
        





                    Structures and Buildings
                
                                Legacy Building Solutions Ranks 1952 on Inc. 5000
            


            August 17, 2016
        


















        Legacy will be recognized with the other Inc. 5000 honorees at the 35th Annual Inc. 5000 Conference and Awards Ceremony on October 19-20, 2016, in San Antonio, Texas.
        




Legacy Building Solutions, a pioneer in the use of a rigid steel frame for fabric structures, has announced it has earned the position of 1952 on the 2016 Inc. 5000 fastest-growing private companies in America.

Read More













Tags


            Industry News
        





                    Organics to Energy
                
                                LWR awarded student training grant based on positive environmental impact of innovative manure treatment system 
            


            August 17, 2016
        


















         Pankti Shah (left) and Maya Schuller (right), at the LWR Innovation Center
        




As a direct result of the positive environmental impact that the LWR manure treatment system is having on the livestock industry, Livestock Water Recycling is excited to announce the award of a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) student training grant involving the University of Calgary. Maya Schuller and Pankti Shah have joined the LWR product development team where they will continue their work through until September, when they return to school for fall semester.

Read More














                                Safety a primary focus for SWANA
            


            August 15, 2016
        






















Most people are not aware that waste collection employees are more likely to die in a workplace accident than fire fighters or police officers. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, waste and recycling collection workers have the 5th most dangerous job in the country.

Read More













                    Personnel File
                
                                MODRoto appoints Dan Rodriguez to National Sales Manager
            


            August 11, 2016
        



















        Dan Rodriguez National Sales Manager
        





Recycling cart manufacturer MODRoto,  has named Dan Rodriguez as U.S. national sales manager. A noted brand strategist and former Tingue sales representative, Rodriguez is responsible for driving the company's sales strategy including growing the brand in new and existing markets, providing leadership and direction for his team of North American field sales representatives and customer service staff, and offering support for the company's global network of distributors. Bringing 15 years of experience in sales, marketing and management to the plastics rotomolder, Rodriguez earned a reputation for putting the customer first and delivering bottom line results, according to MODRoto President and COO J.R. Ryan. “Dan has an insider's view of the changes affecting marketing communications today,” says Ryan, “but it's his proven commitment to serving our customers and helping the people around him succeed that makes me especially proud to welcome him to this position.”

Read More















                    Personnel File
                
                                Bunting Magnetics Co. welcomes Andrew Blubaugh as Product Manager, Metal Detection Line 
            


            August 11, 2016
        



















        Andrew Blubaugh 
        





Bunting Magnetics Co., a leader in moving, removing and holding metal, has announced the appointment of Andrew Blubaugh as its Product Manager over Metal Detection. Blubaugh will manage the growth and profitability of the company’s line of metal detection products by supporting the company’s sales team, identifying new markets and customers, improving the product and enhancing the accompanying service and warranty programs.

Read More















                    E-Waste
                
                                SRS achieves responsible recycling R2:2013 certification at Singapore facility
            


            August 10, 2016
        






















Sims Recycling Solutions, a leading global provider of electronics recycling and IT asset disposition (ITAD) services, recently achieved the Responsible Recycling (R2:2013) certification at the company's facility in Singapore. Issued by Sustainable Electronics Recycling International (SERI), the R2 certification offers general principles and practices for IT equipment disposal vendors.

Read More















                    Plastics Recycling
                
                                APR announces second annual Plastics Recycling Showcase
            


            August 9, 2016
        






















The APR Plastics Recycling Showcase, a program to highlight and promote industry leading innovations that have a positive impact on plastics collection and recycling, is now accepting nominations. Developed by the Association of Plastic Recyclers (APR), the second annual program will focus on recently commercialized innovations developed by APR member companies. An additional category focused on community engagement has been added for the 2017 Showcase. As the leading international trade association representing the plastics recycling industry, APR works to provide technical expertise, leadership for long-term industry growth, and commend innovations supporting that growth. The nomination deadline is October 31st.

Read More













                    Personnel File
                
                                Waste Management names James C. (Jim) Fish, Jr. president
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















Waste Management, Inc. has announced that its Board of Directors has appointed James C. (Jim) Fish, Jr. to the position of President, reporting to David Steiner, the company’s Chief Executive Officer. Fish retains his existing role as Chief Financial Officer while the Company conducts a search to fill that role.

Read More















                    WASTECON 2016
                
                                CP Group MRF receives SWANA award three years running
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















For the third year in a row, the Solid Waste Association of North America (SWANA) has awarded the Gold Excellence Award in the Recycling Systems category to a recycling system developed by CP Group.

Read More














                                NWRA introduces new member savings programs through Alliance Cost Containment 
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















The National Waste & Recycling Association (NWRA) has added a new partner to its popular member savings programs with the participation of Alliance Cost Containment (ACC) in its endorsed provider program. ACC is a national leader in serving companies and associations with group savings programs and cost reduction programs.

Read More












                                General Kinematics announces new office in India
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















General Kinematics, manufacturer of custom engineered vibratory process equipment, has announced a new company in Bangalore this week. Located in India for 8 years, this new company space for General Kinematics India provides the firm with increased ability to meet the needs, at all levels, for GK customers in the region. GK has a solid reputation in India as a unique solutions provider and their highly technical team is able to solve a variety of industry process challenges. Their mission is to offer technology solutions that contribute to improving their customers’ processes and outcomes in the short, medium and long term.

Read More














                                ISRI releases updates to scrap specifications circular
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















The Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries (ISRI) has recently announced that new specifications have been published in the Scrap Specifications Circular 2016. Included are changes to the paper specifications and amended electronics plastics specifications that have been approved by the ISRI Board of Directors. The specifications are as follows:

Read More















                    Recognizing Innovation
                
                                Waste-to-plastic company takes competition's top honors 
            


            August 3, 2016
        






















Full Cycle Bioplastics has been awarded Think Beyond Plastic's highest honor: Most Innovative Business of 2016. Full Cycle was selected for their innovative approach to the conversion of food, agricultural, cardboard and paper wastes into a high performance and cost-competitive replacement for petroleum based plastics called polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs). PHAs naturally biodegrade in marine and terrestrial ecosystems and help solve the growing challenges of plastic and organic waste pollution.

Read More












                                Shred-Tech announces acquisition of AXO Shredders
            


            August 2, 2016
        






















Shred-Tech Corp has  announced the acquisition of AXO Shredders. Established in 2000, AXO Shredders manufactures mobile, stationary shredders and recycling systems, with operations in the UK, USA and Thailand.

Read More













Tags


            Industry News
        




                                NWRA and SWANA issue shared positions on recycling market issues
            


            July 27, 2016
        






















The National Waste & Recycling Association (NWRA) and the Solid Waste Association of North America (SWANA) have announced two addenda to their Joint Advisory on Designing Contracts for Processing of Municipal Recyclables originally issued in April 2015.

Read More













Tags


            Industry News
        




                                Campbell River among lowest in B.C. for unacceptable material in curbside recycling 
            


            July 27, 2016
        






















Campbell River residents were among the lowest of the low when it came to the amount of unacceptable material in blue bin recycling boxes last year, making our community’s curbside recycling program among the very best and most efficient in the province.

Read More














                                AnyQuip pairs equipment owners with renters online
            


            July 22, 2016
        






















As the old maxim goes, time is money. When it comes to equipment, operating time is certainly money – but the machine must be running and working to bring that money in.

Read More













Tags


            Electronics Recycling
        




                                North American battery recycling reaches new collection heights
            


            July 21, 2016
        






















A record 3.3 kilograms (7.3 million pounds) of single-use and rechargeable batteries recycled at the mid-year mark, an increase of 20 percent compared to the same time period last year, reports Call2Recycle, Inc., the first and largest consumer battery stewardship organization serving the U.S. and Canada. This achievement contributes to the more than 52 million kilograms (115 million pounds) of batteries diverted from U.S. and Canadian landfills and responsibly recycled by the organization over the past 20 years.

Read More












 Previous
            



                Next 









Get our newsletter (it's Free)
Insight delivered weekly to your inbox

it's free!






Sign Up






> Learn more








            Company
            Info



















Terex Corporation


                    200 Nyala Farm Road
                                    Westport
                        , CT
                        
                            US
                        , 06880
                        


                Website:
                www.terex.com/






            Read more
        









                Popular News

















                New Products












                Featured Companies



















American Baler


                    800 East Center Street
                                    Bellevue
                        , OH
                        
                            US
                        , 44811
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@amercianbaler.com


                Website:
                americanbaler.com





















Ampco Manufacturers Inc.


                    #101 - 9 Burbidge Street
                                    Coquitlam
                        , BC
                        
                            CA
                        , V3K 7B2
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@ampcomfg.com


                Website:
                www.ampcomfg.com/





















Bandit Industries


                    6750 Millbrook Road
                                    Remus
                        , MI
                        
                            US
                        , 49340
                        


                Website:
                www.banditchippers.com





















Barcode Automation, inc.


                    207 N Moss Rd Ste 105
                                    Winter Springs
                        , FL
                        
                            US
                        , 32708
                        


                E-mail:
                industrial@barcode-automation.com


                Website:
                www.bai-industrial.com





















Bateman Manufacturing


                    5 Winstar Rd.
                                    Oro-Medonte
                        , ON
                        
                            CA
                        , L0L 2L0
                        


                E-mail:
                mark@batemanmanufacturing.com


                Website:
                www.batemanmanufacturing.com





















Buffalo Turbine LLC


                    180 Zoar Valley Rd.
                                    Springville
                        , NY
                        
                            US
                        , 14042
                        


                Website:
                www.buffaloturbine.com





















CP Group


                    6795 Calle de Linea
                                    San Diego
                        , CA
                        
                            US
                        , 92154
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@cpmfg.com


                Website:
                www.theCPgrp.com





















DuraTech Industries


                    P.O. Box 1940
                                    Jamestown
                        , ND
                        
                            US
                        , 58401
                        


                E-mail:
                bob.strahm@duratechindustries.net


                Website:
                www.duratechindustries.net





















Eco Green Equipment


                    425 North 400 West, Building  #4A 
                                    North Salt Lake
                        , UT
                        
                            US
                        , 84054
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@ecogreenequipment.com


                Website:
                www.ecogreenequipment.com





















Frontline Machinery 


                    43779 Progress Way
                                    Chilliwack BC 
                        , BC
                        
                            CA
                        , V2R 0E6
                        


                E-mail:
                info@fl-machinery.com


                Website:
                frontline-machinery.com/



























Harris


                    315 W. 12th Avenue
                                    Cordele
                        , GA
                        
                            US
                        , 31015
                        


                E-mail:
                info@harrisequip.com


                Website:
                www.harrisequip.com





















Industrial Netting


                    7681 Setzler Parkway N.
                                    Minneapolis
                        , MN
                        
                            US
                        , 55445
                        


                E-mail:
                info@industrialnetting.net


                Website:
                www.industrialnetting.com





















Machinex


                    2121 Rue Olivier
                                    Plessisville
                        , QC
                        
                            CA
                        , G6L 3G9
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@machinextechnologies.com


                Website:
                www.machinextechnologies.com





















MEGADOME by BuildWorks


                    9962 Chapman Rd
                                    Rosedale
                        , BC
                        
                            CA
                        , VOX 1X2
                        


                E-mail:
                info@buildworks.com


                Website:
                www.megadome.bworxx.com





















New Way Trucks


                    PO Box 336 
                            101 State street
                            Scranton
                        , IA
                        
                            US
                        , 51462
                        


                Website:
                newwaytrucks.com





















Rotochopper, Inc


                    217 West St
                            PO Box 295
                            St. Martin
                        , MN
                        
                            US
                        , 56376
                        


                E-mail:
                info@rotochopper.com


                Website:
                www.rotochopper.com





















SENNEBOGEN LLC


                    1957 Sennebogen Trail
                                    Stanley
                        , NC
                        
                            US
                        , 28164
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@sennebogenllc.com


                Website:
                www.sennebogen-na.com





















ShearCore/BladeCore


                    155 Main Street
                                    Superior
                        , WI
                        
                            US
                        , 54880
                        


               ShearCore Phone:
                601-675-2673
            

                E-mail:
                Greg@ShearCore.com


                Website:
                www.ShearCore.com





















Steinert US


                    285 Shorland Drive
                                    Walton
                        , KY
                        
                            US
                        ,  41094
                        


                E-mail:
                sales@steinertus.com


                Website:
                www.steinertus.com





















Terrafirma Equipment


                    18104 - 111 Ave
                                    Edmonton
                        , AB
                        
                            CA
                        , T5S 2R1
                        


                Website:
                www.terrafirmaequipment.com





















The Groundworx Co.


                    #2, 1008 – 17th Ave
                                    Nisku
                        , AB
                        
                            CA
                        , T9E 0G5
                        


                E-mail:
                grant@groundw.com


                Website:
                www.groundworx.ca





















TOMRA Sorting GmbH


                    Otto-Hahn-Str. 6
                                    Mülheim-Kärlich
                        
                            DE
                        , 56218
                        


                E-mail:
                recycling-sorting@tomra.com


                Website:
                www.tomra.com/recycling





















TY Cushion Tire, LLC


                    2275 E. Francis St.
                                    Ontario
                        , CA
                        
                            US
                        , 91671
                        


                E-mail:
                info@tycushiontire.com


                Website:
                www.tycushiontire.com

















