


Gateway Investment Advisers - Low-volatility investment managers Cincinnati Ohio





















Go to Affiliated Funds »










For over 39 years, Gateway's investment approach has focused on stability, risk-adjusted performance, and long-term growth. Our low-volatility equity strategies have steady track records with consistent risk profiles. Whether you are trying to achieve equity participation with reduced risk, long-term liability matching, or portfolio diversification, Gateway has a solution.



Market Insights

Recent perspectives from Gateway's investment management team.


Case for Low-Volatility Equity

Application of index option overwriting with equity market participation.


Experience & Expertise

A 39-year history of providing strategies for risk-conscious investors.










GIA - About

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Investment  Team
Executive Team
News


About
Reducing the risk of equity investing for 39 years
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC (Gateway) has a 39-year history of providing low-volatility equity strategies for risk-conscious investors. From the beginning, Gateway's singular focus has been reducing the risk of equity investing with index option strategies. Gateway's core low-volatility strategy seeks to capture the majority of the returns associated with equity market investments, while exposing investors to less risk than other equity investments. The company's proven philosophy has earned the trust of clients for whom Gateway managed approximately $11.6 billion in assets as of June 30, 2016.
While long-only equity strategies focus almost exclusively on investment returns, Gateway's index option approach seeks to find an optimal balance between risk and return. Our strategy is built on the belief that generating cashflow - rather than seeking to leverage variations in the prices of securities - can be a less risky way of participating in equity markets. This approach has historically helped to mitigate capital fluctuations during periods of heightened market volatility.
Over time, Gateway has found that holding an equity portfolio comparable to a broad-based index, combined with the sale of index call options, can provide an efficient means of achieving steady cash flow while minimizing costs. By hedging portfolios with the purchase of index put options, Gateway's core strategy has also historically helped protect investors from a significant market decline over a short period of time.
This approach to low-volatility investing has been constant throughout many diverse market environments. Today we provide this unique expertise to a diverse group of clients, financial professionals, institutions and corporations.
Since 2008, Gateway has been wholly-owned by Natixis Global Asset Management, L.P. which is an indirect subsidiary of Natixis Global Asset Management, an international asset management group based in Paris, France.










GIA - Active

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Flagship (Index/RA)
Active Overwrite


Active Overwrite
Gain equity exposure at reduced risk
Gateway's Active Overwrite strategy is a low-volatility equity strategy that combines an index-like portfolio of underlying equity securities with actively managed index call options1. This strategy is a flexible, yet disciplined approach to index option overwriting with the objective of outperforming the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE®) S&P 500 BuyWrite Index (the BXM℠) 2 over the long term while delivering risk management benefits to investors.
Owning a diversified equity portfolio similar to a broad-based index, while also selling index call options, has the potential to capture the benefits of equity investing while reducing risk. If the underlying index rises, the portfolio can participate in this advance, but generally not beyond the amount of premium received from the sale of call options. If the underlying index falls, call option premium can potentially offset the drop in value of the portfolio's equities. This can result in either a smaller loss for the portfolio relative to the index, or a slight gain versus a loss for the index (depending on how much equities decline relative to call premium earned).
Low-Volatility Equity Profile
The strategy exhibits characteristics of high equity correlation with reduced beta and standard deviation, which can provide downside protection with the potential to capture a majority of the market's return over a full market cycle. The structure of the Active Overwrite strategy gives it increased market exposure in comparison to that of the Flagship Strategy, which also utilizes purchased index put options to hedge portfolios.
Periods over 1 year are annualized


*The Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite has an inception date of April 1, 2008 ** Based on monthly performance Datasource: Morningstar Direct™
Past performance does not guarantee or indicate future results.
Portfolio Application
Active Overwrite is a multi-faceted strategy with the flexibility to support many applications. Within a portfolio, this strategy can act as:

A core equity strategy
A complement to plan immunization/liability matching
A component to an alternative program


Factsheet
Active Overwrite Factsheet
Commentary
Active Overwrite Commentary Q1 2017
To read about the case for an index approach to low-volatility equity, please click here - The Journal of Investing: Option-Writing Strategies in a Low-Volatility Framework

1 Selling index call options can reduce the risk of owning stocks, but it limits the opportunity to profit from an increase in the market value of stocks in exchange for up-front cash at the time of selling the call option.2 The Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE®) S&P 500 BuyWrite Index (the BXM℠) is a passive total return index designed to track the performance of a hypothetical buy-write strategy on the S&P 500® Index. The construction methodology of the BXM℠ includes buying an equity portfolio replicating the holdings of the S&P 500® Index and selling a single one-month S&P 500® Index call option with a strike price approximately at-the-money each month on the Friday of the standard index option expiration cycle and holding that position until the next expiration.
Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite performance shown in this illustration is an asset-weighted composite of discretionary accounts under Gateway's management which share the same investment objectives and hedging strategies. The composite was created in April 2008.
Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite performance reflects the deduction of investment advisory fees and the reinvestment of dividends and other earning. A more detailed description of Gateway's fees is included in Form ADV, Part 2. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Annual Disclosure Presentation. Terms to know.
S&P 500 Disclosure
The S&P 500 and the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index are products of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and the Chicago Board Options Exchange (“CBOE”), and have been licensed for use by Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC (Gateway).  Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”).  CBOE® and BXM® are registered trademarks of the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The trademarks have been licensed to SPDJI and have been sublicensed for use for certain purposes by Gateway.  Gateway’s Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, any of their respective affiliates (collectively, “S&P Dow Jones Indices”) or CBOE.  Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor CBOE make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 Index or the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index to track general market performance.  S&P Dow Jones Indices and CBOE’s only relationship to Gateway with respect to the S&P 500 Index and the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index is the licensing of the Indices and certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors.  The S&P 500 Index and CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index are determined, composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices or CBOE without regard to Gateway or the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite.  S&P Dow Jones Indices and CBOE have no obligation to take the needs of Gateway or the owners of the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the S&P 500 Index or the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index.  Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices nor CBOE are responsible for and have not participated in the determination of the prices, and amount of the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite is to be converted into cash, surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be.  S&P Dow Jones Indices and CBOE have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Gateway Active Index-Option Overwrite Composite. There is no assurance that investment products based on the S&P 500 Index or CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns.  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an investment advisor.  Inclusion of a security within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.  
 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR CBOE GUARANTEES THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE S&P 500 INDEX, CBOE S&P 500 BUYWRITE INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND CBOE SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND CBOE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY GATEWAY, OWNERS OF THE GATEWAY ACTIVE INDEX-OPTION OVERWRITE COMPOSITE, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE S&P 500 INDEX OR CBOE S&P 500 BUYWRITE INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO.  WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES OR CBOE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  THERE ARE NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND GATEWAY, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.










GIA - Insights

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Investment  Team
Executive Team
News


News
2016Gateway Names Daniel Ashcraft to Portfolio Management Team of Gateway Fund2015
The Journal of Investing: Option-Writing Strategies in a Low-Volatility Framework
Gateway Awarded $100 Million in Low-Volatility Equity Mandate from CalSTRSMoneyLife's Big Interview with CIO Mike Buckius (Podcast - 12 minutes)
Gateway Promotes Dave Jilek to Chief Investment Strategist
2014

Gateway Investment Advisers Appoints Dave Jilek as Investment Strategist

2013

Gateway Promotes Gary H. Goldschmidt, CPA to COO and Senior Vice President
Gateway Announces New CEO, CIO, SVP and Bids Farewell to Patrick Rogers

2008

Natixis Global Asset Management Acquires Gateway Investment Advisers

 










GIA - Risk Management

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Philosophy
Low-Volatility Equity
Risk Management


Risk Management
Risk management is a core tenet of our investment philosophy
Gateway takes a comprehensive approach to investment risk management.
Index-based options are our investment risk management instrument, embodying our overall risk management philosophy. The hedging overlay relationship between index options and diversified equity portfolios removes an element of uncertainty that is often associated with risk management approaches based on asset class diversification or long-only/long-short individual security selection. This relationship gives our risk profile analytics a level of reliability that facilitates real-time decision making. It also allows for stress testing the entire portfolio in different market and volatility environments and enables us to measure the effects of changes in the portfolio prior to implementation.
To read about the case for an index approach to low-volatility equity, please click here - The Journal of Investing: Option-Writing Strategies in a Low-Volatility Framework










GIA - Insights Archives

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Insights
Past Insights


Insights
U.S. Markets Commentary




Recap

June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March/Q1 2017




Perspective

June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017





Flagship IndexRA Commentary

Flagship IndexRA Commentary-2016-Q4
Flagship IndexRA Commentary-2016-Q3
Flagship IndexRA Commentary-2016-Q2Flagship IndexRA Commentary-2016-Q1


Active Overwrite Commentary

Active Overwrite Commentary-2016-Q4
Active Overwrite Commentary-2016-Q3
Active Overwrite Commentary-2016-Q2
Active Overwrite Commentary-2016-Q1


To read about the case for an index approach to low-volatility equity, please click here - The Journal of Investing: Option-Writing Strategies in a Low-Volatility Framework

Click to view Past Insights










GIA - Community Guidelines

















Go to Affiliated Funds »








Community Guidelines
Gateway's social media community is moderated
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC (Gateway) is not affiliated with any social media site and does not expressly or implicitly adopt or endorse any products, services, advertisements, recommendations, statements, comments or responses that may appear on any social media site, including social media sites that it actively participates in.
Gateway does not endorse any comments made by third parties, including, but not limited to vendors, consultants and unauthorized employees. Wherever possible, depending on the comment/response structure of a particular social media site, comments/responses may be removed for a variety of reasons.
Gateway's social media community is moderated. Gateway asks that you keep the dialogue on topic and clean, and refrain from any discussion about investment advice, specific securities, or investment strategies. Gateway's social media hours of moderation take place during open market hours (M-F, 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. ET). Gateway's social media activities are intended for U.S. persons only.
Gateway expects that social media communications between it and its intended audience will be lawful, productive, informative and respectful of diverse viewpoints. We will attempt to remove comments that include private or confidential information, that are off topic, that can be classified as spam, or that contain offensive language.
Complaints of any sort related to the activities or business dealings of Gateway or its employees, transaction requests or any account inquiries should not be made through any social media site. If you believe, in good faith, that material available on a Gateway social media site is infringing on your intellectual property rights, please contact us at socialmedia@gia.com. 










Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Boosts Position in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ:XRAY)




























About 

Privacy








					  Economy					  


					  Entertaiment					  


					  IT&Software					  


					  Science					  


					  Sports					  


					  World News					  


					  Medicine					  


					  National					  






Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Increases Stake in Progressive Corporation (The) (PGR)






























Contact Us 


Sections


Finance


Culture


Hi-Tech


Sci-tech


Sports


Worldwide


Medicine


National




Featured


Destiny 2 beta version extended, confirmed developer Bungie














Hi-Tech





Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Increases Stake in Progressive Corporation (The) (PGR)







21/07/2017 







Artisan Partners Limited Partnership now owns 8,254,185 shares of the insurance provider's stock worth $323,399,000 after buying an additional 98,952 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System's holdings in Progressive Corporation (The) were worth $1,587,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of PGR. DnB Asset Management AS increased its stake in shares of Progressive Corporation (The) by 162.0% in the second quarter. The firm owned 36,555 shares of the insurance provider's stock after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares of Progressive Corporation (The) by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 35,897,019 shares of the insurance provider's stock worth $1,406,446,000 after buying an additional 34,666,678 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Progressive Corporation (The) by 3.8% in the first quarter. Wealthfront Inc. now owns 14,534 shares of the insurance provider's stock valued at $516,000 after buying an additional 2,067 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Progressive Corporation (The) by 1.4% in the first quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 31,052 shares of the insurance provider's stock worth $1,217,000 after buying an additional 123 shares in the last quarter.The stock of Progressive Corporation (NYSE:PGR) registered an increase of 3.59% in short interest. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.51% of the company's stock.Investors who observing the volume trend of The Progressive Corporation (PGR) over recent time; they noted that 5.07 million shares changed at hands contradiction to its average trading volume of 3.05 million. About 357 shares traded. The company has a 50 day moving average of $44.26 and a 200-day moving average of $40.31. Progressive Corp has a 52 week low of $30.54 and a 52 week high of $46.33.Medtronic plc (MDT) has a market capitalization of 116.67 Billion which suggests the company is a huge company further suggesting that the shares of Medtronic plc (MDT) are stable and safe compared to the lower market capitalization companies. Shares of The Progressive Corporation (PGR) grown with persuasively motion. The insurance provider reported $0.59 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.01, MarketWatch Earnings reports. The firm had revenue of $6.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.78 billion. The Return on Equity ratio of Progressive Corp. PGR generated revenue of $6.29 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 583.3 million, this means overall earnings per share of 0.73.
LHC dismisses PTI's petition to disqualify Punjab CM
					Advocate Babar Awan, who had appeared on behalf of the PTI chief, failed to come up with satisfactory answers to the court's queries regarding the maintainability of the petition.
				WARNING: This article was reported by BBNS and is owned by of BBNS. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & global copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system-increases-position-in-progressive-corporation-the-pgr.html.A number of research firms have commented on PGR. The rating was maintained by Wells Fargo on Wednesday, April 19 with "Hold". Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded Progressive Corp from a "market perform" rating to an "outperform" rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $39.00 to $45.00 in a report on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised Progressive Corporation (The) from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $50.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, June 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company's stock.On 6/26/2017 Jeffrey D Kelly, Director, sold 20,000 with an average share price of $44.52 per share and the total transaction amounting to $890,400.00. On Monday, May 22 Broz Steven sold $45,705 worth of Progressive Corp (NYSE:PGR) or 1,100 shares. Cookson Peirce & Co Inc sold 13,130 shares as Progressive Corp Ohio (PGR)'s stock rose 6.56%. Closely-held shares are those owned by insiders, major shareholders and employees, while restricted stock refers to insider shares that can not be traded because of a temporary restriction such as the lock-up period after an initial public offering. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider William M. Cody sold 50,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 16th.Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) ended its day at $21.44 with the rising stream of 2.63% and its total traded volume was 3.24 million shares less than the average volume. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 151,051 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $6,744,427.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. The Speece Thorson Capital Group Inc holds 434,114 shares with $15.41 million value, up from 399,766 last quarter. The stock has relative volume of 0.78.



Related News:









21 July 2017




Sandra Bullock cast in Netflix post-apocalyptic thriller
				Production on Bird Box is planned to start this August and and will be produced by Dylan Clark, Chris Morgan and Clayton Townsend.  Netflix has landed the post-apocalyptic thriller " Bird Box ", and attached Sandra Bullock to star, sources tell Variety.			






Jven Capital, Llc Purchases 1875000 Shares of OpGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPGN) Stock
				This company shares are 545.16% off its target price of $2 and the current market capitalization stands at $8.63M. In this case performance of tends to percentage rate of return for a stock for a given time frame.			








21 July 2017




Intel's Movidius launches AI accelerator on a $79 USB stick
				Intel is selling the device this weekend for $79 at the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR ) conference in Honolulu.  The device contains one of Movidius's Vision Processing Units , which power the company's low-power machine vision devices.			










21 July 2017




Federal Realty Investment Trust
				Tortoise Invest Mgmt Limited Liability Com stated it has 500 shares or 0% of all its holdings. (NASDAQ:POWL) for 82,256 shares. The P/E ratio is now 40.83 and market cap is 9.39B. $667,800 worth of stock was sold by ROSKIND E ROBERT on Thursday, May 18.			






Tutor Perini Corporation (TPC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
				Frost James A had sold 110,000 shares worth $3.33M. $79,120 worth of stock was sold by Keenan Karen C on Friday, January 20. BidaskClub upgraded Tutor Perini Corporation from a "sell" rating to a "hold" rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th.			








21 July 2017




SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) Sees Unusual Trading Volume in Its Shares
				BidaskClub raised shares of SunPower Corporation from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. North Star Investment Management Corp. increased its position in shares of SunPower Corporation by 70.2% in the first quarter.			










21 July 2017




Optus Moves Into Regional Australia With $1B Investment
				Optus will also continue to roll out satellite small cell technology to provide coverage to more remote areas of Australia. The final investment target is to meet the cost of spectrum licences in regional areas.			








21 July 2017




Effectively hedging the stocks in today's share market: Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG)
				Andra Ap-Fonden decreased Whole Foods Mkt Inc (NASDAQ:WFM) stake by 84,400 shares to 13,100 valued at $403,000 in 2016Q4. Bp Public Ltd Com has invested 0.06% in Intuitive Surgical , Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) rating on Wednesday, July 20.			








21 July 2017




Clinton less popular than Trump
				Among Republicans, 27 percent want immediate repeal, while 54 percent favor repealing the law when a replacement is ready. It is not news that the Democratic Party is in bad shape, but it is still astonishing how beaten up it has become.			










21 July 2017




'Shocked and Hurt' Franklin Graham Rips Canada Payout to Terrorist
				However, Trudeau's decision to immediately award money to Khadr and not allow the court case to proceed complicates hopes of Ms. Meanwhile, Morris and the family of deceased Sgt. "I have a lot of experience with pain, and I have an appreciation of pain.			






Nucor Corp. Q2 Income Climbs 33%
				The total number of shares percentage held by insiders is about 4.02% while the number of Shares % held by institutions is 74.6%. NUE's current price-earnings ratio amounts to 18.02 times earnings, above the average P/E ratio of 17.29 times earnings.			






AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Hits New 52-Week High
				On November 28, 2016 the stock rating was rated "Neutral" according to a Citigroup report down from the previous "Buy" rating. FIELD JOHN DOUGLAS sold $150,726 worth of stock or 500 shares. 25,231 shares were sold by Zarella Joseph, worth $518,497.			





 






 


















						Most liked 




Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Given Neutral Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc

		According to the analysts, Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ) is expected to announce $0.96/share EPS for the current quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its stake in Verizon Communications by 12.9% in the fourth quarter.	

Trump's approval ratings hit new low

		The Bloomberg poll comes two days after ABC and the Washington Post released a survey that showed Trump's disapproval rating had sunk to 58 percent.	

Mascherano on Neymar: I hope he's here with Barcelona for many years

		He is a really important player for the club. "I'm no one to give advice, but I see him really happy here, really happy. Further questions on Neymar followed, prompting Roberto to request: "Don't ask me anymore about him, I'm not Neymar".	

Siemens to exit Russian power-plant joint venture Interautomatika

		After reunification with Russia, Crimea faced problems with electricity because almost all of its power came from Ukraine. Siemens also confirmed its plans to sell its stake in Russian joint venture Interautomatika .	

Trump says Comey tried to 'leverage' dossier

		The unverified dossier claiming Russian Federation had compromising information on Trump was published ahead of Trump's inauguration.	

Blast in eastern China kills 2, dozens injured

		Police are investigating but they believe that the explosion was caused by the gas cylinder in the restaurant. Explosions and other mishaps are common in China, often because of patchy enforcement of safety rules.	

United Financial Bancorp (UBNK) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.24

		Swiss National Bank owned about 0.16% of United Financial Bancorp worth $1,336,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Boston Partners acquired a new position in United Financial Bancorp during the first quarter valued at about $10,468,000.	

Institutional Investors Are Crazy About New York Mortgage Trust Inc (NASDAQ:NYMT)

		The Pennsylvania-based Wealthtrust Axiom Llc has invested 0.13% in the stock. 647,027 were accumulated by Invesco Limited. Municipal Employees Retirement System of MI continued to hold its stake in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc.	

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. Earnings Ahead: Quick Glance

		It is positive, as 35 investors sold MXIM shares while 122 reduced holdings. 84 funds opened positions while 164 raised stakes. Partner Fund Management L.P. owns 1.14 million shares or 0.99% of their U.S. portfolio. 11,340 were reported by Botty Llc.	

Modi govt's policies have burned down Jammu and Kashmir: Rahul Gandhi

		Download the News Nation Mobile App and stay connected with top stories from India and around the world. Grave strategic blow for India", Rahul had earlier tweeted.	

OJ Simpson gets Parole after 9 years in Jail

		He was found liable for their deaths in a 1997 civil case brought by the victims' families. " I've done my time ", he said.  During the hearing, Simpson pleaded that he'd been a model prisoner, and promised that he'd have no conflicts if released.	

Layoffs Begin At Carrier Plant Where Trump Touted Job-Saving Deal

		The company expected to save an estimated $65 million a year had it moved all of the jobs it initially meant to .  An additional 290 employees are planned to be terminated on December 22, just three days before Christmas.	

Where Will OJ Live After Being Released From Prison?

		The impending parole hearing that has been talked about heavily over the past few weeks is here and it all went down on Thursday. The four-person Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners deliberated for about 20 minutes before coming to an unanimous decision.	

Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc. (CRZO)

		Mizuho reaffirmed a "buy" rating and set a $32.00 price target on shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas in a research note on Friday. The Investment Counselors Of Maryland Llc holds 340,883 shares with $12.73 million value, up from 246,983 last quarter.	

American Horror Story season 7 title is Cult

		Further, it has been believed that Murphy's most anticipated series is slated to premiere on September 5 at 10:00 in the evening. As per a report from Entertainment Tonight, the website featured the creepy clown. "Well I don't have a title", Murphy said.	

 













						Most Commented 




Korea economy grows at fastest pace in 17 years: Seoul


0 comments




Session Recap: Viewing Unusual Volume for MarineMax, Inc. (NYSE:HZO)


 comments




Cavs, Pacers Were Very Close To Completing Paul George Trade


 comments




Google Doodle Honors Marshall McLuhan


0 comments




Wolfsburg Enquire About A Loan Move For Anthony Martial


0 comments




$0.28 EPS Expected for Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ADR) (ITUB)


 comments




Analyst Activity - Maxim Group Reiterates Buy on County Bancorp (NASDAQ:ICBK)


 comments




Cow antibodies may be key to effective AIDS vaccine


0 comments




What Happened at the President Trump-President Putin Meeting


 comments




Niall credits Louis with saving One Direction


0 comments



 



 
 









Popular news




Destiny 2 beta version extended, confirmed developer Bungie
Virgil van Dijk left OUT of Southampton's pre-season squad
JNU's vice chancellor wants an Army tank installed on campus
Apple and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson have made an absurd film
The Fire Has Started Again — Microsoft Surface Phone
Microsoft's Plan To Derail MacBook Pro Is Going Great


 




Other articles


Google Pixel 2 to be powered by Snapdragon 836 SoC
China urges India to withdraw its troops unconditionally amid border tension
Manchester City's spending set to hit £218m with Benjamin Mendy's expected arrival
Spieth's Eagle Putt On 15 At 2017 Open Championship
Shockingly Little Pokemon Go at Pokemon Go Fest
MDC Partners Inc (NASDAQ:MDCA) Institutional Investors Sentiment Crashes in Q4 2016






Next news


Tour de France 2017 - Mikel Landa 'attacks' on final stage
Facebook rumored to be working on smartphone
England win toss, decide to bat
Watch Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot Meet Fans at Comic-Con
Galaxy Note 8 colour variants leaked
Analysts Showing Optimistic Trends For Eldorado Gold Corporation (EGO)
 


  



Contact Us 





Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ElegantHomesInla








Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Holdings Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC



























 
							Monday, 24 July 2017							
							

About Us 
 
Contact Info 
Advertising 








 

 




Latest news

Kyle Busch, Martin Truex Jr. Crash Out of Lead at Indianapolis
UGC NET 2017: Official notification to be out today at cbsenet
US Open Golf 2017 Leaderboard
McIlroy slams PGA veteran during Twitter spat following US Open exit




Main » Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Holdings Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC


Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Holdings Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC
14 July 2017



As of quarter end Waverton Investment Management Ltd had acquired 5,255 shares growing its stake by 1.5%. The SI to Aduro Biotech Incorporated's float is 19%. The stock was trading on below-average volume.Following trading activity for Activision Blizzard, Inc.(NASDAQ:ATVI), we can see that the stock has moved onto today's list of most actives. It has outperformed by 5.04% the S&P500. Therefore 50% are positive. Analysts pegging the company with a rating of 3 would be indicating a Hold recommendation.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.87 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.94, from 1.67 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 73 investors sold Activision Blizzard, Inc. shares while 204 reduced holdings. 61 funds opened positions while 175 raised stakes. It also upped Cl C stake by 47,177 shares and now owns 59,284 shares. Nomura Asset Mgmt Com Ltd holds 0.06% or 33,231 shares. (NASDAQ:ATVI). First Financial In invested in 715 shares. (NASDAQ:MLVF). 500 are owned by Jpmorgan Chase. KOTICK ROBERT A had sold 3.96 million shares worth $180.82M on Friday, February 10.Since February 10, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 11 sales for $465.07 million activity. Blackrock Mngmt Llc reported 0% stake. Integrated Wealth Counsel Ltd Liability invested 0.04% of its portfolio in Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI) for 260,780 shares. Stock Yards Bancorporation & Tru holds 0.11% in PPG Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLVF) for 45,000 shares. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 0.71 earnings per share.


Mylan Inc (NASDAQ:MYL) Move as Institutional Investors' Sentiment Falls
The company reported $0.93 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.01. The institutional investor owned 100,249 shares of the company's stock after buying an additional 842 shares during the period.
Xerox Corporation (XRX) has a market capitalization of 7.35 Billion which suggests the company is a huge company further suggesting that the shares of Xerox Corporation (XRX) are stable and safe compared to the lower market capitalization companies. Pacific Global Mngmt holds 0.05% of its portfolio in Activision Blizzard, Inc.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.08 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.23, from 0.91 in 2016Q3.By having an overview of the Income statement for Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI) the Revenue for the trailing twelve months is 6.88 Billion. 111 funds opened positions while 527 raised stakes. The stock has relative volume of 1.09. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd reported 11,800 shares. First Quadrant Lp Ca owns 153,200 shares. The value of the total investment in Activision Blizzard, Inc increased from $1,283,000 to $1,429,000 increasing 11.4% quarter to quarter. It also reduced Anadarko Pete Corp (NYSE:APC) stake by 5,000 shares and now owns 35,576 shares. Goelzer Invest Mgmt accumulated 0.05% or 3,790 shares.Coatue Management Llc decreased Electronic Arts Inc (NASDAQ:EA) stake by 268,029 shares to 4.35 million valued at $342.52 million in 2016Q4. Tudor Inv Corporation Et Al, Connecticut-based fund reported 11,292 shares. The Piotroski F-Score of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI) were released by: Benzinga.com and their article: "Vetr Downgrades Activision Blizzard Following Announcement of 'Destiny 2′" published on June 14, 2017 as well as Nasdaq.com's news article titled: "Gladstone Capital Management LLP Buys Activision Blizzard Inc, Charter ..." with publication date: July 05, 2017. (NASDAQ:ATVI) for 7,132 shares. Finance Architects Inc accumulated 428 shares. Investec Asset Management North America Inc who had been investing in Activision Blizzard Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $47.99B market cap company. The Company develops and distributes content and services across various gaming platforms, including video game consoles, personal computers (PC) and mobile devices.
Citigroup's Revenue Rises Despite Slowdown in Trading
Citigroup's turnover is also expected to be down one per cent, from $17.55bn to $17.37bn, when it reports pre-market today. This came on the back of low volatility and higher trading activity around Brexit a year earlier.
The price/earnings ratio (P/E) is 44.72 and the forward P/E ratio stands at 24.74.According to Zacks, "Activision's enviable product portfolio that includes the likes of Call of Duty and World of Warcraft along with increasing digital revenues will continue to drive growth". Activision Blizzard had 74 analyst reports since July 28, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel.Activision Blizzard, Inc (NASDAQ:ATVI)'s stock had its "buy" rating restated by equities researchers at Jefferies Group LLC in a report issued on Thursday.Ratings analysis reveals 87% of Activision Blizzard's analysts are positive. The rating was maintained by Argus Research with "Buy" on Tuesday, August 18. The stock of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) earned "Buy" rating by Evercore on Thursday, August 27. (NASDAQ:ATVI) rating on Friday, October 23. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Wednesday, November 4 by UBS. The rating was upgraded by Hilliard Lyons to "Buy" on Tuesday, February 16. Ironwood Investment Counsel Lc has invested 0.11% in Activision Blizzard, Inc. The rating was maintained by Stifel Nicolaus on Thursday, August 6 with "Buy". The stock has "Buy" rating by Benchmark on Friday, February 3.
Wimbledon: Garbine Muguruza reaches semi-finals
Konta, born in Sydney, Australia, but a resident of Eastbourne, England, was playing in her first Wimbledon semifinal. I thought she handled it well. "Conchita is really helping me to deal with the stress of the tournament".
- Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.





Related articles




'Truly incredible' lioness nurses leopard cub


Justin Gaethje, Eddie Alvarez to Coach The Ultimate Fighter 26


Valero Energy Corporation's (VLO) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies


Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Inc


Stock in the Viewfinder: BMO Global Infrastructure Index ETF




Announces 13% Increase In Q2 Bottom Line




China trading more with North Korea but buying less coal




AR Rahman's Concert went bad with language issue




Margaritaville is Coming to The Lake of the Ozarks


Brokers Issue New Targets On Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (KIN)




Share !


 



Previous: Wimbledon: Garbine Muguruza reaches semi-finals
Next: China trading more with North Korea but buying less coal







 Advertising
 


 


More news	






KFC China markets Colonel Sanders smartphone





Autorities search for survivors in Marineland plane crash





Sneak Peek at D23 Honda's New 'Minnie Van'





Sophie Turner terrified about Game of Thrones ending





National Commission for Women sends notice to Kamal





Eni gets approval from BOEM for Beaufort Sea exploration plan





Tema de Rápido y Furioso destrona a Gangnam Style en YouTube





Afghan girls get visa on trump's recommendation


First Horizon National Corporation Earnings Watch & Stock Update





China maintains non-sanctioned trade with North Korea, says FM





Disturbed with White House leaks, Trump's family urges him to oust Priebus





Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday





Krispy Kreme: Buy a dozen, get a dozen for 80 cents TODAY





Agency says OPEC compliance with output cut fell in June





Explicit 'Walking Dead' Emails Reveal Intense Drama Behind The Scenes



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 HealthcareMenu |     All rights reserved.

	
		














﻿




























Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $892,000 Position in Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Ball Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ball Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Kirkland’s (KIRK) vs. Shutterfly (NASDAQ:SFLY) Head-To-Head Analysis
Head to Head Contrast: CytRx Corporation (CYTR) & OncoMed Pharmaceuticals (OMED)
Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (NYSE:FMSA) Cut to Sell at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Zacks: SORL Auto Parts, Inc. (NASDAQ:SORL) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages
Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY) Earns Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets
Reviewing La Quinta Holdings (LQ) & Marcus Corporation (The) (MCS)
Analyzing U.S. Physical Therapy (USPH) and Envision Healthcare Corp (AMSG)
Brokerages Anticipate Adverum Biotechnologies, Inc. (ADVM) to Post -$0.37 Earnings Per Share
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:ARW) to Announce $1.77 Earnings Per Share
BB&T Corp Sells 1,963 Shares of CBRE Group, Inc. (NYSE:CBG)
Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Position Boosted by BB&T Corp
Avianca Holdings (AVH) vs. Era Group (ERA) Head to Head Survey
PHH Corp (PHH) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
New Senior Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:SNR) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates Neutral Rating for Haynes International, Inc. (HAYN)
PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Position Held by Grimes & Company Inc.
West Coast Financial LLC Has $778,000 Position in Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE:WY)
Middleton & Co Inc MA Takes Position in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ)
General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) Position Raised by Patten & Patten Inc. TN
Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY)



 


Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $892,000 Position in Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Gateway Investment Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of  Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) by 99.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 21,130 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 10,551 shares during the period. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC’s holdings in Ball Corporation were worth $892,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Pinnacle Bank bought a new stake in shares of  Ball Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $126,000.  First Personal Financial Services raised its stake in shares of  Ball Corporation by 17.1% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,797 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 262 shares during the last quarter.  Baird Financial Group Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Ball Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $201,000.  Advisor Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Ball Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $201,000.  Finally, Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of  Ball Corporation by 3.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,720 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  43.61% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Ball Corporation alerts:



Ball Corporation (BLL) opened at 42.92 on Friday. Ball Corporation has a 52 week low of $34.34 and a 52 week high of $42.96. The company has a 50-day moving average of $41.74 and a 200 day moving average of $64.05. The firm has a market cap of $15.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.93 and a beta of 0.96. 




Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.04. Ball Corporation had a return on equity of 16.46% and a net margin of 4.59%. The company had revenue of $2.47 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.41 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.30 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 40.8% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Ball Corporation will post $2.15 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $892,000 Position in Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/gateway-investment-advisers-llc-has-892000-position-in-ball-corporation-nysebll.html. 
BLL has been the topic of several research analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded shares of Ball Corporation from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Ball Corporation from $45.00 to $47.50 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ball Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Ball Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $47.00 price objective (up from $44.00) on shares of Ball Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Ball Corporation  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $43.90.
In other news, Director R David Hoover sold 22,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.75, for a total transaction of $874,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 205,260 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,159,085. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Lisa Ann Pauley sold 20,960 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.48, for a total value of $869,420.80. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 108,887 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,516,632.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 77,732 shares of company stock valued at $3,309,230 over the last ninety days. Company insiders own  2.70% of the company’s stock. 
About Ball Corporation
Ball Corporation is a supplier of metal packaging to the beverage, food, personal care and household products industries. The Company’s packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world. Its segments include beverage packaging, North and Central America; beverage packaging, South America; beverage packaging, Europe; food and aerosol packaging; aerospace, and other.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL).







Receive News & Ratings for Ball Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Analyzing U.S. Physical Therapy  and Envision Healthcare Corp 





Reviewing La Quinta Holdings  & Marcus Corporation  





Signature Bank  Earns Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets





Zacks: SORL Auto Parts, Inc.  Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages





Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc.  Cut to Sell at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 





Head to Head Contrast: CytRx Corporation  & OncoMed Pharmaceuticals 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 




































GIA - Executive Team

















Go to Affiliated Funds »









Investment  Team
Executive Team
News


Executive Team


Paul R. Stewart, CFA®
CEO, President, Portfolio Manager
Paul Stewart joined the firm in 1995 and is Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of Gateway's Board of Managers. He also serves as a co-portfolio manager for several funds including the Gateway Fund. As Chief Executive Officer and member of the board, Mr. Stewart oversees the management of Gateway and is involved in high-level decisions regarding policy and strategy. He has served Gateway in various roles, most recently as the firm's Chief Investment Officer where he has led the implementation of Gateway's strategy since 2008 and helped guide the firm through tremendous growth.
Prior to joining Gateway, he was an audit manager at Price Waterhouse.
He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for Cincinnati Country Day School.
Mr. Stewart earned his B.B.A. from Ohio University and he is a CFA charterholder.



Michael T. Buckius, CFA®
CIO, Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager
Michael Buckius joined Gateway in 1999 and holds the positions of Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President and a member of Gateway's Board of Managers. He is also co-portfolio manager for several mutual funds advised or sub-advised by Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC, including the Gateway Fund.
As Gateway's Chief Investment Officer, Mr. Buckius is responsible for overseeing the firm's investment management and trading functions, as well as product development and servicing individual client relationships.
Prior to joining Gateway, Mr. Buckius was an equity derivative sales professional at Bear Stearns & Co. and Bankers Trust Company in New York where he specialized in the design and implementation of hedging and monetization strategies for high-net-worth individuals and corporations. Prior to his employment in New York, Mr. Buckius held a variety of option-related research and trading positions at Alex. Brown & Sons Inc. in Baltimore.
Mr. Buckius received his B.A. and M.B.A. in Finance from Loyola University Maryland and he is a CFA charterholder.



Gary H. Goldschmidt, CPA
COO, Senior Vice President
Mr. Goldschmidt joined Gateway in 1999 and is the firm's Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and a member of the Board of Managers. He served most recently as the firm's Chief Financial Officer in addition to his duties as COO.
He is responsible for overseeing the firm's compliance, financial reporting, client accounting and information technology functions.
Prior to joining Gateway, he served as assistant vice president and financial reporting manager at Countrywide Fund Services, Inc.
Mr. Goldschmidt earned his B.S.B.A. from Xavier University in Cincinnati.


D. David Jilek, CAIA
Chief Investment Strategist, Vice President
David Jilek joined Gateway in 2014 and holds the positions of Chief Investment Strategist and Vice President. Based in Boston, his responsibilities focus on key opportunities to promote Gateway's low-volatility equity strategies by providing insight on the equity and options markets to the firm's institutional, sub-advisory and financial intermediary clients.
Prior to joining Gateway, Mr. Jilek was a vice president and investment strategist at Natixis Global Asset Management. He was responsible for assessing capital market trends, working with affiliated portfolio management teams and assisting external clients with the firm's investment platform. Alternative investments, asset allocation, portfolio construction and retirement income strategies were the focus of his expertise.
Prior to joining Natixis, his experience included investment product management and development roles at Evergreen Investments, American Express Financial Advisors and Putnam Investments.
He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for the Sean D. Biggs Memorial Foundation.
Mr. Jilek received his B.A. from the University of Kansas and has been in the investment industry since 1998. He holds the Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA) designation and is a member of the CAIA Association.


CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by the CFA Institute.








Gateway Investment Advisers LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























gateway investment advisers llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company offers risk management, equity strategies, financial planning, consulting, and investment advisory services. Gateway Investment Advisers serves customers in the States of Ohio and Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

312 Walnut Street
35th Floor
Cincinnati, OH 45202-9834
United States


Phone:
1-513-719-1100


Fax:
1-513-719-1199


Web url:
www.gia.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Paul R Stewart


President/CEO/Portfolio Manager




Gary Goldschmidt


Senior VP/CFO/COO




Michael Buckius


Senior VP/Chief Invsmt Officer




Kenneth H Toft


Senior VP/Portfolio Manager




David Jilek


VP/Chief Investment Strategist







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Gateway Investment Advisors, LLC : Top Money Managers  

﻿

























Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $20 Million Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Verisk Analytics Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Verisk Analytics Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

CenturyLink Investment Management Co Sells 707 Shares of ManpowerGroup (NYSE:MAN)
Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Cuts Stake in ENSCO PLC (ESV)
Narwhal Capital Management Buys Shares of 3,785 Vmware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $29.81 Million Position in Aon PLC (AON)
GW&K Investment Management LLC Raises Stake in Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB)
Unilever PLC (UL) Stake Decreased by Nepsis Capital Management Inc.
Hays Advisory LLC Increases Position in British American Tobacco PLC (NYSE:BTI)
Nepsis Capital Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 141,493 Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA)
Nepsis Capital Management Inc. Decreases Stake in STMicroelectronics N.V. (NYSE:STM)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $20 Million Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK)
Hays Advisory LLC Purchases New Stake in MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSGN)
Narwhal Capital Management Sells 5,700 Shares of HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA)
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR Continues to Hold Position in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC)
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR)
C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR) Position Increased by Iberiabank Corp
Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) Shares Sold by Heritage Investors Management Corp
Smith Shellnut Wilson LLC ADV Acquires Shares of 2,143 Stericycle, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRCL)
Tompkins Financial Corp Has $804,000 Position in Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR)
3,000 Shares in DTE Energy Company (NYSE:DTE) Acquired by Appleton Partners Inc. MA
Comparing West Marine (WMAR) & Container Store (The) (TCS)


 


Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $20 Million Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC increased its stake in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK) by 32.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 237,042 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 58,320 shares during the period. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC owned about 0.14% of Verisk Analytics worth $19,999,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of VRSK. Ledyard National Bank raised its position in Verisk Analytics by 40.4% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 2,085 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 600 shares in the last quarter. Atria Investments LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Verisk Analytics during the second quarter worth about $223,000. Weatherstone Capital Management increased its stake in shares of Verisk Analytics by 5.3% in the first quarter. Weatherstone Capital Management now owns 2,818 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $229,000 after buying an additional 142 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. increased its stake in shares of Verisk Analytics by 3.1% in the first quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 2,990 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $243,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter. Finally, OppenheimerFunds Inc. increased its stake in shares of Verisk Analytics by 7.9% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 3,044 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $247,000 after buying an additional 222 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 92.00% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Verisk Analytics Inc. alerts:



Shares of Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ VRSK) traded up 0.28% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $86.51. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 881,499 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $83.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $81.82. Verisk Analytics, Inc. has a 1-year low of $75.60 and a 1-year high of $87.40. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.30 billion, a PE ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 0.65. 




Verisk Analytics (NASDAQ:VRSK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The business services provider reported $0.74 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.04. Verisk Analytics had a net margin of 30.29% and a return on equity of 37.52%. The company had revenue of $502.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $511.99 million. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Verisk Analytics, Inc. will post $3.18 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $20 Million Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK)” was posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/gateway-investment-advisers-llc-has-20-million-stake-in-verisk-analytics-inc-nasdaqvrsk-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have weighed in on VRSK shares. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $92.00 target price on shares of Verisk Analytics in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and issued a $82.00 target price (down from $83.00) on shares of Verisk Analytics in a research report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research raised Verisk Analytics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. BidaskClub raised Verisk Analytics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets boosted their price objective on Verisk Analytics from $81.00 to $83.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Verisk Analytics presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $85.00.
In other Verisk Analytics news, Director Andrew G. Mills sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.50, for a total transaction of $247,500.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 110,666 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,129,945. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director David B. Wright sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.32, for a total value of $1,204,800.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 22,025 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,769,048. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 29,247 shares of company stock worth $2,351,914. Corporate insiders own 3.41% of the company’s stock. 
Verisk Analytics Company Profile
Verisk Analytics, Inc is a data analytics provider serving customers in insurance, natural resources and financial services. The Company operates through two segments: Risk Assessment and Decision Analytics. Its Risk Assessment segment serves its property and casualty insurance customers and focuses on prediction of loss, selection and pricing of risk, and compliance with their reporting requirements in each United States state in which they operate. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Verisk Analytics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Verisk Analytics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































	Home - GATEWAY INVESTMENTS, LLC








































Check the background of this financial professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.

























HomeAbout Us

Our TeamOur Investment ApproachImportant Disclosures

Our ServicesNews and Events

Press ReleasesGateway EventsGateway Newsletter

Resources

BlogFinancial CalculatorsFinancial QuestionnaireLife EventsMarket Summariese-Seminars

Client FormsContact UsClient Login






























    













At Gateway Investments, we work with our clients to see the big picture – long-term financial stability and independence. By implementing strategies within a broad financial range,
 we aim to provide our clients the customized vision that will grow and preserve their assets.

Investing in what matters most.

As a full service financial advisory firm located in Garden City, NY, we are dedicated to assisting
 clients attain their financial goals through professional  and comprehensive investment planning. We commit ourselves every day to provide clients with excellent service and deliver objective, independent and personalized financial advice. Our advisors are
 invested in what matters most – your financial security and independence. We invest time to gain your trust by meeting with you face-to face to understand your specific needs and risk tolerance. We then utilize our top-of-the-line resources as well as the
 knowledge of other experienced advisors in our office to develop a customized roadmap for you, our client, to reach your specific goals. Your success is our success, not the other way around.

The financial advisors at Gateway Investments, LLC are part of Royal Alliance Associates, Inc. one of the country’s leading independent broker dealers.


                  Please Click on the Below pictures to view our Recent Blog Posts





2016 Year-End Tax Planning Basics






Is 62 the Magic Number for Social Security?



The Best Time to Save for Retirement
 is Now




 
 
 
 
 


Education Funding with 529s: Better
 with a Plan




 
 Hidden Pitfalls
 of Healthcare Costs... 




 
 The Right Retirement Plan for
 Your Business


























































































Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                




Follow on Twitter











  

 




Contact
200 Garden City Plaza, Suite 402
Garden City, NY  11530
Phone 516-240-1740   Fax 516-240-1799
                                            
info@gatewayinv.com

Careers & Opportunities

Securities, insurance and advisory services offered through Royal Alliance Associates Inc., member
FINRA/SIPC.  Gateway Investments is a marketing designation.




This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, ID, IL, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, TX, VA and WI. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 







Check the background of this financial professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.








Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC | Wealthminder











































Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC


Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC
(CRD# 146681) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Cincinnati, OH.
They
manage $11,293,377,453 in 37 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 14 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC




312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202
513-719-1100
http://www.gia.com




http://www.gia.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

11,293
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

37
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$305,226,418







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, FL, GA, IL, LA, MA, MD, NE, NY, OH, PA, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















Michael T. Buckius



CRD#:
2281417



312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




96

Wealthminder
score








Michael Buckius (CRD# 2281417) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Dennis D. Jilek



CRD#:
3115934



399 Boylston Street,
Boston,
MA
02116




93

Wealthminder
score








Dennis Jilek (CRD# 3115934) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Boston, MA and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Harry E. Merriken



CRD#:
2297101



312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




93

Wealthminder
score








Harry Merriken (CRD# 2297101) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Daniel M. Ashcraft



CRD#:
5359553



312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




90

Wealthminder
score








Daniel Ashcraft (CRD# 5359553) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Paul R. Stewart



CRD#:
2864959



312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




90

Wealthminder
score








Paul Stewart (CRD# 2864959) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Kenneth H. Toft



CRD#:
1977034



312 Walnut Street, Suite 3500,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




90

Wealthminder
score








Kenneth Toft (CRD# 1977034) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gateway Investment Advisers, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿





























Asset Dedication LLC Sells 201 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp
Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp
Asset Dedication LLC Sells 201 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
Financial Survey: Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A) vs. United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS)
Head-To-Head Contrast: Ares Management L.P. (ARES) vs. Virtus Investment Partners (NASDAQ:VRTS)
Head to Head Survey: Oil States International (OIS) vs. Dril-Quip (DRQ)
Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) versus Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Head to Head Contrast
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Stake Raised by Watch Point Trust Co
Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $11.37 Million
Advisors Capital Management LLC Increases Position in CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)
FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $414.11 Million
Canal Capital Management LLC Has $272,000 Stake in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)
Escape Hunt PLC (ESC) Now Covered by Analysts at Peel Hunt
Air Partner plc (AIR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital
Humana Inc. (HUM) Position Reduced by First Quadrant L P CA
First Quadrant L P CA Invests $5.23 Million in Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES)
Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s (RDSB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc
Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Coats Group PLC (COA)
Aperio Group LLC Has $24.17 Million Position in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF)
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) EVP Sells $199,800.00 in Stock







Asset Dedication LLC Sells 201 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Asset Dedication LLC lowered its stake in  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 3.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,023 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock after selling 201 shares during the period. Asset Dedication LLC’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $240,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp raised its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 18.9% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 80,499,469 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $3,574,987,000 after buying an additional 12,806,535 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 11.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 33,796,869 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $1,500,920,000 after buying an additional 3,344,508 shares during the last quarter.  Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 11.5% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 19,694,052 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $756,449,000 after buying an additional 2,025,512 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank bought a new position in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at about $598,897,000.  Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 33.8% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 8,823,399 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $391,841,000 after buying an additional 2,231,316 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  71.02% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) opened at 50.84 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $48.18 and a 200-day moving average price of $44.68. Abbott Laboratories has a 1-year low of $37.38 and a 1-year high of $51.13. The stock has a market cap of $88.22 billion, a PE ratio of 52.90 and a beta of 1.07. 





Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 4.96%. The company had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.55 earnings per share. Abbott Laboratories’s revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.48 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a $0.265 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.08%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 149.30%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Asset Dedication LLC Sells 201 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/asset-dedication-llc-sells-201-shares-of-abbott-laboratories-abt.html. 
Several equities analysts recently issued reports on ABT shares. Cowen and Company  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. TheStreet upgraded Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Abbott Laboratories from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on Abbott Laboratories from $49.00 to $51.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Abbott Laboratories currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $52.13.
In related news, insider Joseph J. Manning sold 4,200 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.95, for a total value of $184,590.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 26,224 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,152,544.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Roger Bird sold 5,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total value of $245,392.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 51,313 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,248,535.66. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 206,902 shares of company stock worth $9,497,761. 0.76% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

















































Gateway Investment Advisers - Low-volatility investment managers Cincinnati Ohio





















Go to Affiliated Funds »










For over 39 years, Gateway's investment approach has focused on stability, risk-adjusted performance, and long-term growth. Our low-volatility equity strategies have steady track records with consistent risk profiles. Whether you are trying to achieve equity participation with reduced risk, long-term liability matching, or portfolio diversification, Gateway has a solution.



Market Insights

Recent perspectives from Gateway's investment management team.


Case for Low-Volatility Equity

Application of index option overwriting with equity market participation.


Experience & Expertise

A 39-year history of providing strategies for risk-conscious investors.



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


