










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc raised $5,170,000 on May 30th, 2013































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/179455-albany-road-gateway-center-investor-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=179455  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc raised $5,170,000 on May 30th, 2013.Get alertedif Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc gets funded!Amount:$5,170,000Company:Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor LlcInvestors:-Industry:Consumer Products and ServicesCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonKey people:Christopher Knisley (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor LLC (0001578124) (Filer)Description:Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc closed a 5.2M securities offering (May 30th, 2013). Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc, based in Boston, United States, is specialized in Consumer Products and Services.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











GATEWAY CENTER INVESTORS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GATEWAY CENTER INVESTORS, LLC











Company number L11000119672
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/19/2011
        

Principal Address
            801 ARTHUR GODFREY ROAD, SUITE 600, MIAMI BEACH, 33140
            


Mailing Address 801 ARTHUR GODFREY ROAD, SUITE 600, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33140
        
Registered Agent

Agent Name M & W AGENTS, INC. (c)
        

Agent Address
                2101 CORPORATE BLVD., BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                






Description
GATEWAY CENTER INVESTORS, LLC has been set up 10/19/2011 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The GATEWAY CENTER INVESTORS, LLC principal adress is 801 ARTHUR GODFREY ROAD, SUITE 600, MIAMI BEACH, 33140. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 801 ARTHUR GODFREY ROAD, SUITE 600, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33140. 
The company`s registered agent is M & W AGENTS, INC. 2101 CORPORATE BLVD., BOCA RATON, FL, 33431.  
The company`s management are .






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GATEWAY CENTER MAINTENANCE ASSOCIATION, INC.
GATEWAY CENTER MANAGER, LLC
GATEWAY CENTER MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION, INC.
GATEWAY CENTER OF DAYTONA BEACH OWNERS' ASSOCIATION INC.
GATEWAY CENTER OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
GATEWAY CENTER PARTNERS, LTD.













	Heritage Capital Group - 4 Gateway Center























































Home


About Us


Approach


Portfolio


Principals


News


Contact Us








                "The Company owns and manages more than 4.5 million square feet and 1,000 multifamily units of diversified commercial product in the United States"
            











4 Gateway Center


Core Asset
  327,000 sq.ft.
  Class A Office
  Newark, N.J.

Heritage acquired this downtown Newark office tower in the fall of 2006. The 15-story building is part of the landmark, 2 million-square-foot Gateway Center complex located adjacent to Newark Penn Station. At the time of the purchase, Four Gateway Center was 96 percent leased to two anchor tenants: McCarter & English, New Jersey’s oldest and largest law firm, and Prudential Insurance. Heritage is building on the presence of these strong credit tenants and strengthening the property’s competitive position through a program of capital improvements.














    About Heritage
             
                Founded over 75 years ago, Heritage is a private, family-owned real estate firm providing co-investors, clients and joint venture partners extraordinary opportunities to invest in, own and extract appreciable value and investment return on real estate assets. 



Principals


 
Jeffrey Greenberg
Principal 
            Oversees all disciplines involved in the acquisition, financing and leasing of Heritage’s properties. 
 jeff@heritagecapitalgroup.net


 
Steven Greenberg
Principal 
            Supervises every aspect of leasing, construction & property management for Heritage’s holdings. 
 steve@heritagecapitalgroup.net


View Full Bios»








Heritage Capital Group, LLC | Post Office Box 627 | 123 Prospect Street, Ridgewood, NJ 07451 


© 2011 Heritage Capital Group, LLC.



















AGRC – American Gateway Regional Centers














































 

TwitterDribbble 





 

Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/114827-albany-road-gateway-center-investor-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=114827  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc gets funded!Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonIndustry:Consumer Products and Services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors May 30th, 2013$5,170,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Albany Road - Gateway Center Investor Llc gets funded?Key peopleChristopher KnisleyExecutive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!