



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Gates Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Gates Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Gates Corporation World Headquarters in Denver, Colorado.


Gates Corporation, based in Denver, Colorado USA, is a manufacturer of power transmission belts and a manufacturer of fluid power products. The company’s products are used in diverse industrial and automotive applications where the cost of failure is very high relative to the cost of the products. The company employs over 14,000 staff and has sales and manufacturing operations in all of the world's major markets, including North and South America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Middle East.
On October 1, 1911, Charles Gates Sr. purchased the Colorado Tire and Leather Company located in Denver, Colorado beside the South Platte River. He paid $3,500 for a property that would one day become one of the world's largest manufacturers of power transmission belts and a leader in hydraulic and fluid power products for industrial and automotive products.[1]
Colorado Tire and Leather Company made a single product, the Durable Tread, a steel-studded band of leather that motorists attached to tires to extend their mileage. In 1917, the company began phasing out leather in favor of rubber and Charles Gates changed its name to the International Rubber Company.
That same year, John Gates, Charles's brother, developed a belt made of rubber and woven threading called a V-belt, due to its shape. It replaced the hemp and rope belt used on automobiles and industrial machinery at the time, and was a model for the common serpentine belt. The belt's success propelled the company to become the largest manufacturer of V-belts, a title it still holds.[2]
In 1919, the International Rubber Company changed its name to the Gates Rubber Company. Gates continued its expansion across the United States, opening more factories and hiring thousands of people. Then, in 1954, its first international manufacturing facility was built in Brantford, Ontario, Canada. Expansion to other countries followed. In 1958, the company opened Gates Rubber de Mexico. In 1963, Gates built a belt and hose plant in Erembodegem, Belgium, the first of many European facilities.[3]




The former Gates Rubber factory, for many years a Denver landmark, was demolished in 2014.


In the 1980s, Gates expansion continued when the company acquired the Uniroyal Power Transmission Company and became the world's largest synchronous/timing belt manufacturer, firmly establishing its growth path in the Asia-Pacific region.[4]
In 1996, the company was acquired by the British-based engineering firm, Tomkins plc, ending 85 years of family ownership.[5] In 2003, Gates changed its name to The Gates Corporation, a move reflecting the company's expanding range of industrial brands, product lines, and customers. The Denver factory closed, and by 2001, some buildings hadn't been used in nearly a decade. Asbestos contaminated the buildings and Trichloroethylene in the groundwater is still under remediation in late 2014. While parts of the property had been redeveloped, the original factory sat deserted on the corner of Broadway and Mississippi until November 2013, when demolition of the final factory buildings began. The site was purchased by Denver-based Frontier Renewal in September 2014 and will complete the cleanup of the former 41-acre Gates Rubber Co. plant site and prepare it for future development.[6][7]
In 2011, The Gates Corporation celebrated its centennial with events around the world and launched a new global brand initiative, adopting the new corporate tagline: "Powering Progress".[8]
In July 2014, The Blackstone Group, the world’s largest buyout firm, agreed to acquire The Gates Corporation from Onex Corp. (OCX) and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for $5.4 billion.[9] The company's headquarters are located at the 234,264 sq.ft building at 1551 Wewatta St in Denver, Colorado.[10]



Contents


1 Global Markets
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Global Markets[edit]
Gates designs and manufactures industrial belt, hose, and hydraulic products for a wide range of industries in several global markets.

Energy, Exploration & Extraction: Gates provides products and services for the energy, marine, mining, oil and gas, and oil refining industries.
Infrastructure & Agriculture: Gates solutions cover heavy-duty applications, including construction, agriculture, logging, and material handling.
Transportation: Gates provides new build and replacement products for fleet and heavy-duty vehicles, freight, towables, and rail applications.
Automotive: Gates manufactures OEM quality automotive aftermarket products for cars, light trucks, and snowmobile, sport, fleet, and heavy-duty vehicles.
Bicycles: Gates Carbon Drives serve as a low-maintenance replacements for bicycle chains.[11]
Process & Specialty: Gates hoses and belts can be found on everyday products, including those used in homes, offices, laboratories, food processing plants, and in other every day products.

See also[edit]

Charles Gates, Jr.
Gates Family Foundation
Serpentine belt

References[edit]

^ "Gates Corporation Introduces POWERCLEAN™ Flush Tool and Launches Automotive Cooling System Maintenance Awareness Campaign". Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ "Gates Corporation History". Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ "100 Years of Powering Progress" (PDF). Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ "Uniroyal to Sell Unit to Gates". The New York Times. 1986-05-22. Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ Grimond, Magnus (1996-01-31). "Tomkins Finalises Gates Acquisition at Pounds 768m". The Independent. London. Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ "Denver brownfields developer Frontier Renewal buys former Gates plant". Denver Post. 2014-09-15. 
^ "Gates: Broadway rubber plant demolition to take a year", Denver Business Journal, 2013, retrieved 2014-04-14 
^ "Gates Corporation Celebrates 100th Anniversary". Retrieved 2012-05-16. 
^ Banerjee, Devin (2014-04-04). "Blackstone Agrees to Buy Gates Global in $5.4 Billion LBO". Bloomberg. 
^ "Legacy Plaza". CrediFi. Retrieved 19 September 2016. 
^ Caitlin Giddings (September 24, 2015). "The Gates Carbon Belt Drive Is Coming for Your Chain". Bicycling. Retrieved 2017-06-12. 

External links[edit]

Gates Corporation home page







v
t
e


Onex Corporation



Subsidiaries



Hawker Beechcraft
Spirit AeroSystems
Tomkins plc
Carestream Health
Save-A-Lot





Corporate Directors



Daniel C. Casey
William A. Etherington
Peter C. Godsoe
Serge Gouin
Ewout R. Heersink
Arianna Huffington
John B. McCoy
J. Robert S. Prichard
Heather M. Reisman
Gerald W. Schwartz
Arni C. Thorsteinson












v
t
e


Onex Corporation



Subsidiaries



Hawker Beechcraft
Spirit AeroSystems
Tomkins plc
Carestream Health
Save-A-Lot





Corporate Directors



Daniel C. Casey
William A. Etherington
Peter C. Godsoe
Serge Gouin
Ewout R. Heersink
Arianna Huffington
John B. McCoy
J. Robert S. Prichard
Heather M. Reisman
Gerald W. Schwartz
Arni C. Thorsteinson










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gates_Corporation&oldid=785258471"					
Categories: Manufacturing companies based in DenverAutomotive companies of the United StatesHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from November 2010All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 June 2017, at 13:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Warne Gates - Wikipedia






















 







John Warne Gates

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John W. Gates" redirects here. For the New York politician, see John W. Gates (New York).




Gates circa 1900


John Warne Gates (May 18, 1855 – August 9, 1911), also known as "Bet-a-Million" Gates, was an American Gilded Age industrialist, who was a pioneer promoter of barbed wire. He was born and raised in what is now West Chicago, Illinois. He did not enjoy farm life and began offering neighbors various business propositions at an early age, including the sale of firewood to homes and to the local railroad. When he started a local grain brokerage that failed, Gates began spending time at the local railroad station and became reacquainted with the men he previously sold firewood to. He was invited to join their poker games and through this, Gates' aptitude for cards and other games of chance was developed.
After studying penmanship, bookkeeping and business law in North Central College (by then Northwestern College),[1] he failed as an owner of a local hardware store. Gates became interested in barbed wire and became a salesman for the Washburn-Moen Company. When he was assigned to the Texas sales territory, he learned that ranchers were adamant about not buying his product. Gates staged a demonstration of the wire in San Antonio's Military Plaza with charging cattle failing to break the barbed wire fences he had set up. He then proved very successful in selling the company's product, and went on to start his own barbed wire manufacturing business, which eventually led to the production of steel. In the process, his company was purchased by J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Gates was not invited to become part of the company, and he fought back at Morgan for many years through a series of business acquisitions and sales; both men were key figures in the Panic of 1907.
Gates was the president of Republic Steel and of the Texas Company, later known as Texaco. He was instrumental in changing the steel industry's production methods from the Bessemer process to the open hearth process and in building the city of Port Arthur, Texas.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early years
1.2 Marriage and early business ventures
1.3 The barbed wire and steel business
1.4 Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas

1.4.1 Port Arthur


1.5 The steel industry and dashed hopes

1.5.1 The Panic of 1907
1.5.2 Aftermath




2 Bet A Million
3 Death and legacy
4 Notes
5 References
6 Bibliography
7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early years[edit]
Gates was born in West Chicago, Illinois (then known as Turner Junction) on May 18, 1855. He was the son of Asel A. and Mary Warne Gates.[2] Gates had two older brothers, George and Gilbert, but both had died by the time he was 15 years old.[3][a][b] While Gates was raised in a religious household, his mother, Mary, became more religious after the deaths of her two older sons. Because he had been involved in some harmless childhood mischief in both grammar and Sunday School, he was accused of stealing a collection at the Sunday School. He was barred from attending church as a result.[8][c]
Gates was raised on the family's farm, but did not care for farm life. At an early age, he entered into his first business proposition: to husk a neighbor's corn.[3] His next business venture was to clear some land of timber for another neighbor. Gates earned US$1,000 for this job, selling the timber as firewood to homes and to the railroad.[10] Gates then took the money from this labor and bought a half interest in a threshing machine. As this type of equipment was very new at the time, few farms owned one, so Gates and his partner hired themselves out to work with it at various local farms. After one season, Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.[11] Gates then set himself up as a local grain broker, doing business from the family's home. This business venture was a failure; in an effort to escape farm work, he took to spending time at the railroad depot where he had previously sold firewood. The railroad men remembered him and now asked him to join their poker games. Gates found he had an aptitude for the game and for anticipating the cards men held and how they would play them. With the grain brokerage now forgotten, he was able to make up the losses at the card table.[12]
While attending a house party near St. Charles, he met and fell in love with a farmer's daughter, Dellora Baker. Gates proposed to her at one of the house parties. Dellora was willing to accept Gates' proposal, but wondered how he would be able to provide for a wife, as his only income came from winning at the railroad poker games.[13][3] When his father discovered Gates in a poker game with some railroad men in the family's barn, Asel told his son he was no good and would never be any good. Only Mary's mediation stopped her son from leaving home. With the realization that he needed more education than grammar school had provided, he announced to his parents that he would be enrolling in some local college classes.[14] Gates attended some courses at nearby Wheaton College and graduated from North Central College in 1876.[3][15] He had little opportunity to put his new business education to work, as the financial Panic of 1873 began just as he was completing his college work. In order to be able to marry Dellora, Gates accepted every type of job he could get for the next year; most of them were for farm work. Gates and Dellora were married on February 25, 1874.[16][d]
Marriage and early business ventures[edit]
Gates tried to revive to his grain brokerage business but lost all his savings through it. When the couple's first child was stillborn, Gates returned to his old pattern of playing poker and thought seriously about leaving town with Dellora. With this knowledge, Mary Gates told her husband he needed to help his son financially so he could start a new business. Gates' father-in-law, Ed Baker, had already offered to help his daughter and son in law in this way. Asel purchased a two-story brick building and Ed Baker provided the capital for stock to open a hardware store in Turner Junction.[15][18] At first the business went well; Gates and Dellora were able to move into their own home. Gates began taking time away from the hardware store and while his partner tried to handle all the business, he was not able to.[19] A son, Charles Gilbert Gates, was born to Gates and Dellora on May 21, 1876. Gates began to complain of various ailments soon after the baby's birth; at times, he would take to his bed for some days with them. Business at the hardware store had become so bad, Gates was not able to afford the rent on the family's home. They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store, with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing.[19]
While at the hardware store, Gates met a salesman who was in the barbed wire business. As a result, Gates became interested in the relatively new product. When he announced his intentions to sell his interest in the hardware store and become a traveling salesman for the product, his wife and mother were both in favor of the plan.[20][e] He made a trip to San Antonio, Texas in 1876 where Isaac Ellwood hired him as a salesman for the Washburn-Moen barbed wire company. After being assigned to work in Texas, Gates quickly learned that while he found friends and poker playing companions, when it came to selling barbed wire, ranchers were not buying. After watching a medicine show proprietor stage an elaborate presentation for his wares and noting that people fought to buy the products sold, Gates decided to have a similar production to demonstrate the merits of barbed wire. In San Antonio's Military Plaza, Gates provoked cattle into charging into a barbed wire fence which did not break. Gates went from not being able to sell his product to not being able to fill orders quickly enough after the demonstration.[22][23]
The barbed wire and steel business[edit]
Upon Ellwood's refusal to grant him a partnership in the company. Gates traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, where in partnership with Alfred Clifford, he started the Southern Wire Company to compete with Washburn-Moen.[3][24] Clifford's equipment to manufacture barbed wire had come from George C. Baker, who had invented a machine for producing barbed wire which was similar but not identical to the one made by Isaac Ellwood. Baker had resisted all attempts by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen to buy him out. Gates and Clifford sold their product at a cheaper price than Washburn-Moen. Before long, Washburn-Moen was losing substantial business to Gates and Clifford's Southern Wire Company.[25]
In an effort to stop the success of the former company salesman, Ellwood and Washburn-Moen filed for an injunction to stop the business of Southern Wire Company. The suit, filed in U. S. District Court, claimed the machines Gates and Clifford used in the production of their product were a direct copy of those used by Washburn-Moen. The suit also called for Gates and Clifford to pay US$100,000 in damages to the company. As they avoided process servers, Gates and Clifford made a plan to save their company. They were able to rent a building in East St. Louis, Illinois and moved their equipment out of the factory and onto a ferryboat after dark. After they crossed the Mississippi River, the machines were out of the jurisdiction of the St. Louis U. S. District Court and were back in business the next day.[25][f] When Clifford and Gates hired an attorney to answer the charges made against them in court, the judge ruled that the manufacturing process used by Southern Wire Company was not an infringement on any patents or machinery owned by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen.[27]




Gates owned the Sydney Kent House at 2944 South Michigan Avenue on Chicago's South Side from 1896 to 1906[28] The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places


After a fire destroyed the Southern Wire Company, Gates gambled on the idea that William Edenborn had not heard the news and approached him for a merger with the idea that Southern Wire would manufacture in Edenborn's now idle barbed wire plant. The new company was known as St. Louis Wire Mill Company.[29] They continued to buy other wire companies and had strong sales. Washburn-Moen went back into court, this time in Des Moines, Iowa, where a federal judge ruled that the machinery created by Baker was an infringement of Washburn-Moen's patents. By this time, Gates had created a syndicate of barbed wire manufacturers who did not produce their wares using Washburn-Moen's methods; the ruling in favor of Washburn-Moen only applied to areas in the jurisdiction of the U. S. Federal Court in Des Moines. Washburn-Moen continued to falter; Isaac Ellwood sent word asking for a meeting with Gates. Ellwood and another key figure with Washburn-Moen, John Lambert, now accepted offers from Gates. The barbed wire legal issues ended with Washburn-Moen selling their patent rights to Gates and his syndicate of wire manufacturers.[30]
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions the company went through various name changes, finally settling on American Steel and Wire Company. Gates and his family moved to Chicago, where they lived for a period of ten years.[31] Chicago attorney Elbert Henry Gary had helped Gates form the syndicate which led to the defeat of Washburn-Moen. Gary was called on again in 1901 to negotiate a merger with J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Though he had provided Gates with some loans and advice in the past, Morgan did not want Gates to be a part of the merged company, saying that there was only a deal without Gates.[32][33][34] Morgan made an offer to Gates for the American Steel and Wire Company, telling him that he was not welcome to take part in the business of U. S. Steel-either as part of management or on the company's board of directors. Morgan continued by saying that if Gates did not accept his offer, U. S. Steel intended to build its own wire production plant.[35][g]
Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas[edit]
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan's snub at the U. S. Steel merger. One month after the deal was completed, he became involved in a struggle between E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad and James J. Hill of the Northern Pacific Railway. Both men sought control of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. Hill, who was financed by J. P. Morgan, needed access to Chicago; Harriman was interested in stopping Hill from obtaining it. Gates saw this as an opportunity to get back at Morgan for his refusal to seat him on the board of U. S. Steel. Along with Harriman, he began buying shares of Northern Pacific stock. When James Hill noted a sudden rise in Northern Pacific stock prices, he traveled to New York to consult with Morgan. Morgan and Hill stopped the sales of the Northern Pacific stock, which remained high while other stocks took steep drops. Those who had been selling short could not obtain enough stock to cover themselves and were faced with large financial losses. It was rumored that Gates was short 60,000 shares of Northern Pacific stock. Gates did not confirm or deny any of the rumors about the railroad stock and would only say that he was doing well.[37]
As Gates continued to search for a way to get back at Morgan for cutting him out of U. S. Steel, he found a vulnerability in Morgan's railroad holdings in 1902 and began buying large numbers of shares in Morgan's Louisville and Nashville Railroad. When it was decided to add another short line to the L&N system, its board of directors voted to issue 50,000 new shares of stock to finance the new line. A clerical error offered the stock for sale before it could be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Gates saw the offering and purchased the shares prior to their listing; he also continued buying all the Louisville and Nashville stock he was able to. Gates had enough shares of the railroad to duplicate the panic that ensued the year before with the Great Northern Railway shares. J. P. Morgan learned of the events in April 1902 and found that Gates now owned more than 51 percent of the Louisville and Nashville's stock. Morgan decided to act to stop another Wall Street panic, and asked what Gates' terms of sale would be. Gates wanted US$150 per share of stock, an offer which Morgan initially rejected. He then dispatched his aide, George Walbridge Perkins, to talk to Gates and make the best possible arrangements. Perkins called on Gates in his Waldorf-Astoria suite at 1:30 am. The deal for the Louisville and Nashville cost Morgan US$43 million, with Gates making a more than US$15 million profit from the transaction.[38]




Oil gusher at Port Arthur, Texas, 1901


After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad incident, Gates found that public opinion had turned against him as a result of it. Gates talked some associates into submitting his son's name for membership in the New York Yacht Club and New York's Union League Club.[h] The application for Charlie Gates went from one desk to another for a number of weeks. When young Gates' name was brought up for a vote, the members of the admissions committee were unanimous in their "no" decision. Gates threatened to sue the club and the members denied his charges of Morgan being behind Charlie Gates' refusal. Gates withdrew Charlie's Yacht Club and Union League Club applications, apparently resigned that his son would not be a member of either society.[40] When he and Dellora traveled to England, the couple wanted to stay at Claridge's, as they had done in 1900. Claridge's refused to accept their registration as Gates was now on the hotel's list of undesirables.[41]
Pattillo Higgins had begun a well on Spindletop in 1900, but ran out of money to continue drilling for oil. Higgins went to Gates for funds to continue; Gates obliged and founded The Texas Company, later known as Texaco. His investment entitled Gates to 46 percent of the company's stock.[3] When Spindletop came in the next year, Gates was already in control of Port Arthur's docks, its refinery and the railroad needed to get the oil to market.[42]

Port Arthur[edit]




Home of John W. Gates in Port Arthur, Texas



Mary Gates Memorial Hospital, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates became influential in the development of the city of Port Arthur, Texas when he took over the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in December 1899 after he forced it into bankruptcy along with its previous owner and Port Arthur founder Arthur Edward Stilwell.[43] Gates built a winter home in the city and contributed much to its development. After Gates became the owner of the Port Arthur Canal and Dock Company, he held the asset for a time; in 1906 he gave the canal to the US government under the condition that Port Arthur would be named an international port of entry. Gates founded the first bank, built a rice mill and established the Port Arthur Light, Power and Ice Company. When he decided to make Port Arthur his permanent residence in 1908, the town held a celebration.[44] After Mary Gates died while on a visit to her son and his family in December 1908, Gates built Mary Gates Hospital to honor her memory.[45][46] He was also a large contributor to Port Arthur Business College, and built a model farm to give the city a source of fresh dairy products.[47]




John W. Gates model farm, Port Arthur, Texas



Port Arthur's Plaza Hotel in 1909




After Port Arthur's Hotel Sabine burned to the ground in 1904, Gates decided that the city needed a good hotel to replace it. In 1909, he proposed to build another, called the Plaza, on the site the Hotel Sabine had once occupied. Gates could have easily afforded to finance the entire cost of the new hotel, but he wanted Port Arthur's residents to have an equal share in the venture. Gates held local meetings and was happy to discuss the project or take pledges for the building fund at any time. After the pledges of local businessmen had reached US$150,000, Gates donated the remaining US$150,000, and the project began to be built by United States Realty Company.[48][i]
Gates took great pleasure in watching the Plaza Hotel take shape. He was a daily visitor to the construction site as the Spanish mission style building was erected. When the hotel was opened, Gates held a special "billion dollar banquet" on November 15, 1909; his guests were men who owned railroads, Texas Company board members, and other successful men in business. Port Arthur had never seen so many wealthy and powerful men and residents were impressed by the sight of them. Gates served as the hotel's manager in the first few weeks it was in operation. He hired African-Americans as waiters; this was considered to be very bold, as African-Americans were barred from living and working in the city at the time.[50][j]

The steel industry and dashed hopes[edit]
Gates continued to have hopes of being able to take on J. P. Morgan again-this time with a rival steel trust. After the sale of his Louisville and Nashville Railroad stocks to Morgan in 1902, Gates quietly began buying shares of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. He and his associates easily owned more than 50 percent of the company's stock shares, but the company's owner and founder, John C. Osgood, claimed the shares were not valid. Osgood said that while the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, any transfer of the shares without his signature and approval, made them invalid. He went on to say that because of their invalidity, those who held shares of the company's stock without them, were not eligible to attend the annual stockholders' meeting. Osgood was upheld in this opinion by the company's board of directors.[51]
Determined to attend the meeting, Gates hired a special train to get to the meeting in Denver. John Osgood was prepared for Gates' arrival. He had obtained a Circuit Court injunction barring Gates and his associates from attending the meeting; the doors of Colorado Fuel and Iron were guarded by sheriff's deputies armed with shotguns. Gates was angry about being refused entry to the meeting, but he became enraged when he learned he was described in the local Circuit Court as a "high roller and a gambler". Gates returned to New York to try utilizing the Federal Court system there. As the legal wrangles continued, the stock of the company began dropping in value; during this time Gates lost US$3 million, but still was unsure of his legal status with Colorado Fuel and Iron. Osgood announced he was willing to meet Gates halfway, but Gates declined the offer. He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due. Apparently feeling that a long battle was not worth it, Gates gave up the fight some weeks later and sold the shares, which eventually wound up with the Rockefeller family.[51][k]




Tennessee Coal and Iron Company's furnace at Ensley, Alabama, circa 1906


Once more, Gates planned to get back into the steel industry. In 1903, he began buying shares of Republic Steel. Its two main competitors were in the US South-Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company, and the Sloss-Sheffield Iron and Steel Company in Alabama. All three were able to use inexpensive Southern iron ore to produce quality steel with the open hearth process, making the price of the steel produced with it cheaper. The minerals needed for the open hearth process were readily found in Alabama. Gates envisioned bringing Republic, Tennessee Coal and Iron and Sloss-Sheffield together into a steel trust to challenge J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. When August Belmont, Jr. resigned his seat on Republic's board to concentrate on consolidating the New York transit system, Gates was elected to fill Belmont's seat.[53][l]
Gates found two like-minded members of the board when he began talking about consolidating the three steel companies. One was L. C. Hanna, the brother of Mark Hanna; the other was Grant Schley, who had a Wall Street brokerage. Gates now began purchasing shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron in preparation of the consolidation. In January 1905 he was ready to outline his plan to potential members of the trust, with the exception of Republic's president, A. W. Thompson. When Thompson was advised of the scheme, he declared there would be no such trust with Republic as a member; when put to a formal vote, Republic's board members voted down the idea of joining a trust. During this time, Gates was able to purchase enough shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron to give him a controlling interest in the company.[55]
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill. His assessment of the open-hearth process for steel production was confirmed by a report from the US Bureau of Corporations. The report stated that an agent for U. S. Steel and a large railroad affiliated with J. P. Morgan pronounced the rails produced by the open-hearth process to be twice as good at those made by the Bessemer process, which was used by U. S. Steel. The report went on to praise Gates and his competitiveness.[56]
The Panic of 1907[edit]
In 1907, Gates took his usual summer holiday in Europe. Upon arriving in Paris, he was met with an urgent cablegram from Grant Schley. Schley, the owner of a brokerage and a board member of Republic Steel and Tennessee Coal and Iron, advised Gates of serious business trouble and asked him to return to the US at once. As the Panic of 1907 began, Schley's brokerage had become short of money and it was necessary for him to obtain large loans to try to keep the brokerage solvent. Schley offered some US$6 million shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company as part of the collateral for the loans.[57][m] Oakleigh Thorne was the president of the Trust Company of America bank and also a member of the Gates coalition. Thorne believed his bank was in sound financial condition until a New York Times article stated otherwise. Thorne told reporters that if he paid off every depositor, he would still have US$4 million in assets. When the clearing house run by J. P. Morgan audited the bank's books, they found the bank was sound, but were quite interested in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock they found and indicated that the stock was not acceptable to them as security.[58][59][n][o]
Morgan proposed to buy Tennessee Coal and Iron to "rescue" all involved with the company. He outlined a plan whereby U. S. Steel would change its second mortgage bonds for Tennessee Coal and Iron stock.[p] Because the U. S. Steel bonds were acceptable to the clearing house, they would be able to be used for the debts. It was suggested that President Theodore Roosevelt be consulted before such action was taken. Roosevelt was given only an outline of the issue; he was never told which institution would fail without U. S. Steel's takeover of Tennessee Coal and Iron. Roosevelt wrote a note to his Attorney General stating he had not learned the name of the troubled business, but felt that he should not object to this occurrence.[62]
The New York Times, however, printed its amazement that Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks were not acceptable to the clearing house and that the Trust Company of America was deemed insolvent when it had more than enough assets to cover all deposits. The newspaper concluded that U. S. Steel wanted to take over a serious business competitor and the company was only worried about the Sherman Antitrust Act.[62] All of this had taken place before Gates was able to return to New York; when he was briefed on the situation, he was told that all other members of the coalition had agreed to Morgan's terms. [q] While Gates realized he had no choice but to submit his shares of stock, he insisted that all stockholders were to be treated equally with regard to the rate of exchange of their shares. Though this was promised, those holding smaller amounts of stock were said to have received less compensation for them.[63][r][s]
Aftermath[edit]




The Texas Company docks, Port Arthur, Texas


Gates involved himself in bettering Port Arthur after losing Tennessee Coal and Iron. He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town's business when either flared up. He still had control of the Texas Company and was able to successfully battle Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who would have liked to take over his company's land.[67] In 1909, he was taking his usual summer holiday in Europe when members of the Republican party from the Eastern District of Texas nominated him for Congress. He wired the convention to refuse the nomination, saying that he preferred to participate through his financial contributions.[68] Gates had purchased an animal show and a stable of performing horses with the idea of creating a circus for himself and Port Arthur, when in early 1911, he found a growth in his throat. The growth was malignant and there were times Gates was hardly able to speak.[67][t]
The US Congress was beset with requests to deal with the U. S. Steel Trust as they had done with the Tobacco Trust and Standard Oil. The House of Representatives formed a committee to examine the dealings of Morgan's company. Congressman Augustus Owsley Stanley of Kentucky, was named chairman of the committee; in his long list of persons to subpoena for their testimony the first was John Gates. Gates appeared to give his testimony on May 28, 1911; he was seriously ill and this was evident by how thin and pale he had become. He planned a trip to Paris to consult with doctors there after his testimony. Gates spoke of all of his dealings with J. P. Morgan, from the American Steel and Wire Company to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and to the time when control of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company was wrested from him forcibly. He left for Paris while the committee was still in session. The result of the hearings was an investigation of U. S. Steel and its practices which would last for almost ten years. J. P. Morgan, who held the belief that he had "saved" the country from the Panic of 1907, was disgusted at the "ingratitude" of both the government and the nation's citizens.[70]
Bet A Million[edit]




The Gates brokerage in the Waldorf-Astoria


Gates maintained a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria of New City from 1894 onwards. Though he paid US$30,000 yearly for it, his visits pained the hotel's manager, George Boldt, at times. Gates and his guests were often loud and boisterous.[7][71] He had a private entrance and elevator, but Gates had a habit of banging on the elevator doors and shouting for service. Boldt instructed his elevator operators to take their time when serving his floor, as it allowed Gates to make as much noise as he wished for a few minutes.[7][72][73] Gates' suite was often home to high-stakes poker parties and Baccarat games. Many poker games began on the train from Chicago to New York and were continued at the Waldorf. One poker game lasted for five days and nights; when it was done at least US$2 million had changed hands.[74] Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them. Gates made it a practice to keep some unset diamonds in his vest pocket for the times when Dellora became angry about the late hours at cards. He would then present a gem to his wife, who would suddenly forget her anger with him. Dellora would take the diamond to Tiffany & Co. to be set in a piece of jewelry of her choice.[75]
In 1900, Gates won $600,000 on a $70,000 bet on a horse race in England, exaggerated at over $1 million, which conferred on him the nickname "Bet-A-Million".[76] The Waldorf's Oscar Tschirky recalled that Gates did not like the nickname, but did little to repudiate the claims as he would bet on practically everything. Oscar recalled a rainy afternoon in the Waldorf's Oak Room as Gates and two associates watched raindrops trickle down the windows. Gates remarked that the drops did not move down the window at the same speed. One of Gates' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him. Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first. His associate took him up on the bet and before Gates' raindrop had won the race, the bets had changed from hundreds of dollars to thousands.[77] Gates believed that all life was a gamble; a farmer gambled that he would have a successful harvest when planting crops, a merchant gambled that customers would buy items when ordering stock and a traveler gambled on arriving safely when setting out on a journey.[78]
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States. In 1902, he attended the American Derby at Chicago's Washington Park Race Track, favoring Wyeth, the horse of an associate. When Wyeth won, Gates had profited close to US $100,000. At yet another race, Gates won US$650,000 from his large bets. The Jockey Club president, August Belmont, Jr., asked Gates to limit his bets to US$10,000, as such large wagers gave the impression that the races were not honest ones.[54] Outside of his own hotel suite, Gates' favorite spot in New York City was the gambling establishment opened by Richard Canfield in 1898. The club was at 5 East 44th Street. Delmonico's was next door and provided catering to the club's guests. When there or at Canfield's Saratoga clubhouse, Gates' favored game was faro which he had learned while selling barbed wire in Texas.[79]
Gates set up a brokerage office in the hotel's main lobby for his son, Charlie, and an experienced stockbroker.[72] He speculated on Wall Street from there. In early 1907, when Gates realized that the market would be headed for a sharp downturn, he closed the offices of Charles G. Gates and Company, announcing he was done with Wall Street for good.[80] Gates also changed his New York residence in May of the same year. He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza.[49]
Death and legacy[edit]




Gates funeral in 1911 in Manhattan



Gates Memorial Library, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor.[81][3][31][82] His funeral was held on August 23, 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel.[83][84] Gates' mourners had come from all parts of the country; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services. A large delegation arrived from Texas, where Gates had done much for the city of Port Arthur.[85][84]
The city of Port Arthur held its own memorial service on the same day Gates was buried. Flags were lowered to half staff and from noon until 6pm all businesses in Port Arthur were closed; the city's docks and refineries also stopped their operations during this time to honor Port Arthur's benefactor.[86][87] While Gates left the bulk of his estate to his wife and son, he inserted a clause in his will that prohibited his family from selling any of his securities until ten years after his death. Gates is said to have included the clause in his will to protect friends who had invested with him from these securities being sold soon after his death.[88][84] Gates' estate was valued at between US$40 and US$50 million.[89] He was buried in the family mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.[90][u]
The Gates Memorial Library in Port Arthur was funded by his widow and donated to the city in 1918.[3] Originally the city's public library, Gates Memorial now serves as the campus library for Lamar State College–Port Arthur. It was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.[93] In 1971, Gates was honored with a state historical marker at the site of his Military Plaza barbed wire demonstration in San Antonio.[94]

Notes[edit]


^ George Gates ran away to enlist in the Union army in 1861. He was 16 at the time he enlisted. George was killed in action in 1864.[4]
^ His brother, Gilbert, set out with a team and wagon bound for California in the 1870. He was traveling there for health reasons, and became friendly with a man named Alexander Jester, who asked to travel with him. When Gilbert Gates' body was found the next day, Jester had disappeared with the team of horses and the wagon. Asel Gates hired detectives in an effort to find his son's killer. Jester was finally arrested in Mexico, Missouri. Asel Gates traveled to the town to confront Jester, but he escaped from the local jail on the day the elder Gates arrived there.[5] Gates never gave up the search for his brother's murderer, but it was 30 years before he had any substantial clues. Jester's sister became angry with him and wrote a letter to John Gates, saying that Jester was living with her and that he had confessed to her that he murdered Gilbert Gates. Jester was 80 years old when he went to trial but was ultimately acquitted.[6][7]
^ Gates never forgot the false accusation. Thirty years later, when he was a very wealthy man, he was asked to contribute to the building fund for a new Methodist church in West Chicago. The false accusation was still vivid in Gates' memory and he refused to give one cent toward a new church building.[9]
^ Because of the times, Gates was only able to give the minister US$5.00 for performing his marriage ceremony. He met Reverend Foster again in 1909 and apologized for not being able to give the clergyman more at the time of the marriage. Saying he was paying some of the interest he owed on the debt, Gates gave Reverend Foster a US$100 dollar bill.[17]
^ Mary Gates realized she had a connection to Joseph Glidden, the patent holder. She was related to his wife, Lucinda. Gates' mother wrote a letter to Lucinda Glidden asking that her son be interviewed for a salesman's job.[21]
^ Isaac Ellwood continued to pursue the matter even after the Southern Wire Company moved to Illinois. Gates, his wife and son, had relocated to St. Louis after he went into business with Alfred Clifford. The family was returning to St. Louis after a visit with family in Turner Junction when Gates caught sight of two suspicious looking men. He knew they were process servers and told his wife to hurry and get on the train. Dellora and Charlie jumped on a coach car while Gates ran with the two men after him. Gates was able to find an open boxcar and jump in; he hid there until the two process servers gave up their search for him. He jumped on the last car of the train his wife and son were already on as it was pulling out of the station.[26]
^ Before the merger was finalized, Morgan kept in regular contact with Gates. When Gates was not named to the US Steel board of directors, it was a surprise to everyone but Morgan.[36]
^ J. P. Morgan was a member of both clubs.[39]
^ The United States Realty Company was also the builder of New York's Plaza Hotel.[49]
^ Some local trouble makers decided to threaten the waiters; the entire wait staff was ready to quit when Gates arrived one morning, because they were afraid. Gates asked his waiters to stay where they were and then sent his valet to his home for a rifle. While he waited for the rifle, Gates tried speaking to both groups. When the rifle arrived, Gates grabbed it and shouted. "Now, by God, I'll shoot the first man who tries to go and I'll shoot the first sonofabitch who tries to make him go!" The trouble making crowd dispersed; the waiters stayed and were no longer troubled by threats.[50]
^ Some ten years later, it was said that the company was a very poor investment, as its shares of common stock had not produced a cent of dividends in all that time.[52]
^ August Belmont, Jr. previously had words with Gates about the size of hie horse racing bets.[54]
^ This was not in keeping with the pledge made to Gates and the other coalition members; they had all agreed not to dispose of the company's stocks and not to use them for speculation.[57]
^ No answer was provided as to why no Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock was acceptable to Morgan's clearing house. The company was valued at US$100 million: its stock had a par value of US$100 per share. Tennessee Coal and Iron had been operating at peak capacity through that summer; many U. S. Steel plants had been idled and its common stock had dropped from 47 1/2 to 24 1/2.[60]
^ Grant Schley was once more pressured for payment. He again offered his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock as collateral and was told it would not be accepted by Morgan's clearing house. Schley was also told that if his brokerage failed, Oakleigh Thorne's Trust Company of America bank would also fail.[61]
^ The U. S. Steel second mortgage bonds were quoted at 84, while shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron were valued at 134.[62]
^ One of Gates' associates remarked that Tennessee Coal and Iron stock withstood the panic and had never been quoted lower than US$140 a share. He went on to say that the panic was used as a ruse to get control of the company.[63]
^ J. P. Morgan was initially hailed as a hero for putting an end to the panic. A few months later, the newspapers were writing different stories about the incident. It was acknowledged that what was done with Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks was a bold violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Financial expert John Moody wrote that if the panic was ended by this transaction, it was ended by "taking a few million from one pocket and putting millions into another".[64] Morgan's associates were accused of lying to Roosevelt about the issue being serious enough to affect the United States; Roosevelt was chided for believing the lie. Roosevelt continued to state he believed the issue was serious enough to affect the nation. However, he would not release reports about the matter which were drawn by both the Bureau of Corporations and the Department of Justice. Senator Charles Allen Culberson introduced a measure in the US Senate demanding the release of this information. When Roosevelt countered that Congress had no power to impel the Executive Branch of the US government to release information it had collected for its own use, the Senate chose to investigate Roosevelt's Attorney General for failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act when it came to U. S. Steel. The resolution was approved, but Roosevelt still refused to release the reports, claiming they were "nobody's damn business". The committee chose to continue the investigation without the reports.[65]
^ The New York Times continued to follow the story and printed in a January 1909 edition that a certain New York banker would testify that Tennessee Coal and Iron was a stable company with "gilt-edged" stock values and that Roosevelt had been misled. Hearings began on January 28 behind closed doors, but reporters were able to determine enough of the events that took place to file news stories. Oakleigh Thorne testified that his bank was not helped by the actions of Morgan; stock broker Grant Schley said his brokerage could have been assisted without demanding his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock. Morgan's representative was both evasive and forgetful when questioned. Roosevelt, who was in the process of leaving office, was not censured for his actions because the Senate Committee was deadlocked, 6-6, on this question.[66] The New York Times wrote: "If the president had been less dear to Americans, it is likely there would have been such reluctance to revise his discretion in a difficult case. This is an example of saying one man can steal while another is sent to jail for looking over the fence. The verdict is :Not Guilty-but don't do it again.[66] Public ire about J. P. Morgan and U. S. Steel's role in the events of 1907 did not diminish when the Senate hearing was ended in early 1909.[67]
^ Gates and his group of investors had previously provided the funding for New York's Luna Park and its Hippodrome.[69]
^ Gates' son, Charlie, died in his sleep in his private railroad car while in Cody, Wyoming on October 20, 1913.[91] Dellora Gates continued to live in the Plaza Hotel apartment she had shared with her husband. On November 28, 1918, she died suddenly in her suite there. She and Charlie are also buried in the Gates mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery.[91] Dellora's brother, Edward J. Baker, and niece, Dellora Agnell Norris, inherited the Gates fortune.[92]


References[edit]


^ "John Warne Gates". Texas State Historical Association. p. 1. Retrieved Jan 8, 2016. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 17.
^ a b c d e f g h "John Warne Gates". Texas Handbook Online. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 18.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 18-19.
^ "Proof in Jester Case". Chicago Tribune. October 13, 1899. p. 2. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b c "Stories Told Of the Life of John W. Gates". The Parsons Daily Sun. September 29, 1911. p. 5. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 22-23.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 23-24.
^ Wendt and Kogan & 11948, p. 24.
^ a b "Passing of John W. Gates Removes Most Interesting Of America's Financiers". The Oregon Daily Journal. August 13, 1911. p. 56. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-24-25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 25-26.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 26-28.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 28-51.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 31-32.
^ "History of barbed wire". Ellwood House and Museum. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2010-12-19. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 33-49.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 53-64.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 62-65.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 68-69.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 70.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 136-173.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-73.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-89.
^ a b "J. W. Gates Dead. Ill For Months In Paris.". New York Times. August 9, 1911. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ Wenst and Logan 1948, pp. 79-80.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 96-101.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 148-155.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 194-196.
^ Owen, O. A. (March 1928). "Promoters I Have Known". The Bookman: 36. Retrieved August 7, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 211-218.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 237-241.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 244.
^ Wednt and Kogan, 1948 & p244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 245.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 207-210.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 203-206.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 294-295.
^ Wednt and Logan 1948, p. 301.
^ Homans 1918, p. 62.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ Wenst and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 278-279.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 301-302.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp247-249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 256-258.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 241-243.
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-258-264.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 275-276.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 280-282.
^ Wemdt and Kogan 1948, pp. 282-283.
^ Bruner and Carr 2007, pp. 87-88.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 283-284.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 284-295.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 285-289.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 287-290.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 304.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 304-306.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 306-308.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 308-311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 302.
^ Casson, Herbert N. (October 1906). "The Romance of Steel and Iron in America". Munsey's Magazine: 92. Retrieved August 3, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 311-326.
^ Morehouse III 1991, pp. 22-23.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 201.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 243-244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 227-230.
^ Schriftgiesser 1942, p. 118.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 180-181.
^ Schriftgiesser 1943, p. 116.
^ Marcasson, Isaac F. (April 1913). "The Passing of the Plunger". Munsey's Magazine: 11. Retrieved August 7, 2015.  (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 224-227.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 272-278.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 326.
^ "Gates Paris Funeral Held". Chicago Tribune. August 13, 1911. p. 9. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 327-328.
^ a b c "Mourners Came From Many States". The Cincinnati Enquirer. August 24, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ "At Port Arthur". The Houston Post. August 23, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 328-329.
^ "Gates Family Mausoleum". Woodlawn Cemetery. Retrieved March 14, 2015. 
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 330.
^ Szymczak, Patricia M. (January 15, 1989). "The Legacy". Chicago Tribune. p. T-1. Retrieved May 8, 2015. Note that the link takes the reader to page 2 of the paper, scroll up to page 1 to read the source material. 
^ "Gates Memorial Library". Lamar State University. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 13, 2015. 
^ "Marker Placed To Honor Barbed Wire Inventor". The Mexia Daily news. August 3, 1971. p. 2. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  


Bibliography[edit]


Homans, James E. (1918). The Cyclopedia of American biography Volume VIII. The Press Association Compilers Inc. 
Bruner, Robert F.; Carr, Sean D. (2007). The Panic of 1907: Lessons Learned from the Market's Perfect Storm. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-15263-8. 
Morehouse III, Ward (1991). The Waldorf Astoria: America's Gilded Dream. Xlibris, Corp. ISBN 978-1413465044. 
Schriftgiesser, Karl (1943). Oscar of the Waldorf. E. P. Dutton & Co. 
Wendt, Lloyd; Kogan, Herman (1948). Bet a million! The story of John W. Gates. Bobbs-Merrill. 


External links[edit]

1940 biography of John W. Gates, accessed April 1, 2006
John Warne Gates at Find a Grave




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40679143
LCCN: n80113088










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Warne_Gates&oldid=784162350"					
Categories: 1855 births1911 deaths19th-century American businesspeoplePeople from Port Arthur, TexasTexaco peopleNorth Central College alumniPeople from Winfield, IllinoisBusinesspeople from ChicagoBurials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx)Texas RepublicansPeople from West Chicago, IllinoisHidden categories: Good articlesFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 20:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














  2 custom gates for John – Modern Iron Works
  















































Shipping Info
Contact Us




info@modernironworks.com


USD
CAD
INR
GBP
AUD
EUR
JPY

























Home
2 custom gates for John


2 custom gates for John






























Product Description

                    2 custom steel gates in the design pictured.Change top arch from flatbar to square tube matching the rest of the gate frame.Both gates to have double lock boxes built into the frames, no knobs or latch hardware included.Flattened expanded metal screens on the back side of both gates.Black powdercoat finish on both gates.Shipping to 87109 included in price.Lead time before shipping approx 3-4 weeks from order date.Gate #1 will be made to fit an opening 36" wide.Looking at the front side hinges will be on the right and it will push to open.Height 72" at center.Ball bearing hinges and latch strike will be included to fit in the 36" wide opening.Mounts to cinder block, no hinge and strike mounting hardware included.Gate #2 will be made to fit an opening 37-1/4" wide.Looking at the front side hinges will be on the right and it will pull to open.Height 72" at center.Ball bearing hinges and latch strike will be included to fit in the 37-1/4" wide opening.Hinge and strike mounting hardware suitable for wood will be included.





Default Title - $1,585.00 USD





 





                        $1,585.00
                      































Request Custom Creation 





Free Delivery to Continental U.S





View Customer Gallery 





Refunds And Exchanges 












Quick Links

Search
About us
Contact Us



Custom Creations

                Custom creations are a speciality, you dream it up and we'll do the rest! contact us for more information.
              





We Accept















Policies

Shipping
Refunds



Stay in Touch

            Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
          




















© 2017 Modern Iron Works
Website by Creative Web Designs















John Warne Gates - Wikipedia






















 







John Warne Gates

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John W. Gates" redirects here. For the New York politician, see John W. Gates (New York).




Gates circa 1900


John Warne Gates (May 18, 1855 – August 9, 1911), also known as "Bet-a-Million" Gates, was an American Gilded Age industrialist, who was a pioneer promoter of barbed wire. He was born and raised in what is now West Chicago, Illinois. He did not enjoy farm life and began offering neighbors various business propositions at an early age, including the sale of firewood to homes and to the local railroad. When he started a local grain brokerage that failed, Gates began spending time at the local railroad station and became reacquainted with the men he previously sold firewood to. He was invited to join their poker games and through this, Gates' aptitude for cards and other games of chance was developed.
After studying penmanship, bookkeeping and business law in North Central College (by then Northwestern College),[1] he failed as an owner of a local hardware store. Gates became interested in barbed wire and became a salesman for the Washburn-Moen Company. When he was assigned to the Texas sales territory, he learned that ranchers were adamant about not buying his product. Gates staged a demonstration of the wire in San Antonio's Military Plaza with charging cattle failing to break the barbed wire fences he had set up. He then proved very successful in selling the company's product, and went on to start his own barbed wire manufacturing business, which eventually led to the production of steel. In the process, his company was purchased by J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Gates was not invited to become part of the company, and he fought back at Morgan for many years through a series of business acquisitions and sales; both men were key figures in the Panic of 1907.
Gates was the president of Republic Steel and of the Texas Company, later known as Texaco. He was instrumental in changing the steel industry's production methods from the Bessemer process to the open hearth process and in building the city of Port Arthur, Texas.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early years
1.2 Marriage and early business ventures
1.3 The barbed wire and steel business
1.4 Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas

1.4.1 Port Arthur


1.5 The steel industry and dashed hopes

1.5.1 The Panic of 1907
1.5.2 Aftermath




2 Bet A Million
3 Death and legacy
4 Notes
5 References
6 Bibliography
7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early years[edit]
Gates was born in West Chicago, Illinois (then known as Turner Junction) on May 18, 1855. He was the son of Asel A. and Mary Warne Gates.[2] Gates had two older brothers, George and Gilbert, but both had died by the time he was 15 years old.[3][a][b] While Gates was raised in a religious household, his mother, Mary, became more religious after the deaths of her two older sons. Because he had been involved in some harmless childhood mischief in both grammar and Sunday School, he was accused of stealing a collection at the Sunday School. He was barred from attending church as a result.[8][c]
Gates was raised on the family's farm, but did not care for farm life. At an early age, he entered into his first business proposition: to husk a neighbor's corn.[3] His next business venture was to clear some land of timber for another neighbor. Gates earned US$1,000 for this job, selling the timber as firewood to homes and to the railroad.[10] Gates then took the money from this labor and bought a half interest in a threshing machine. As this type of equipment was very new at the time, few farms owned one, so Gates and his partner hired themselves out to work with it at various local farms. After one season, Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.[11] Gates then set himself up as a local grain broker, doing business from the family's home. This business venture was a failure; in an effort to escape farm work, he took to spending time at the railroad depot where he had previously sold firewood. The railroad men remembered him and now asked him to join their poker games. Gates found he had an aptitude for the game and for anticipating the cards men held and how they would play them. With the grain brokerage now forgotten, he was able to make up the losses at the card table.[12]
While attending a house party near St. Charles, he met and fell in love with a farmer's daughter, Dellora Baker. Gates proposed to her at one of the house parties. Dellora was willing to accept Gates' proposal, but wondered how he would be able to provide for a wife, as his only income came from winning at the railroad poker games.[13][3] When his father discovered Gates in a poker game with some railroad men in the family's barn, Asel told his son he was no good and would never be any good. Only Mary's mediation stopped her son from leaving home. With the realization that he needed more education than grammar school had provided, he announced to his parents that he would be enrolling in some local college classes.[14] Gates attended some courses at nearby Wheaton College and graduated from North Central College in 1876.[3][15] He had little opportunity to put his new business education to work, as the financial Panic of 1873 began just as he was completing his college work. In order to be able to marry Dellora, Gates accepted every type of job he could get for the next year; most of them were for farm work. Gates and Dellora were married on February 25, 1874.[16][d]
Marriage and early business ventures[edit]
Gates tried to revive to his grain brokerage business but lost all his savings through it. When the couple's first child was stillborn, Gates returned to his old pattern of playing poker and thought seriously about leaving town with Dellora. With this knowledge, Mary Gates told her husband he needed to help his son financially so he could start a new business. Gates' father-in-law, Ed Baker, had already offered to help his daughter and son in law in this way. Asel purchased a two-story brick building and Ed Baker provided the capital for stock to open a hardware store in Turner Junction.[15][18] At first the business went well; Gates and Dellora were able to move into their own home. Gates began taking time away from the hardware store and while his partner tried to handle all the business, he was not able to.[19] A son, Charles Gilbert Gates, was born to Gates and Dellora on May 21, 1876. Gates began to complain of various ailments soon after the baby's birth; at times, he would take to his bed for some days with them. Business at the hardware store had become so bad, Gates was not able to afford the rent on the family's home. They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store, with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing.[19]
While at the hardware store, Gates met a salesman who was in the barbed wire business. As a result, Gates became interested in the relatively new product. When he announced his intentions to sell his interest in the hardware store and become a traveling salesman for the product, his wife and mother were both in favor of the plan.[20][e] He made a trip to San Antonio, Texas in 1876 where Isaac Ellwood hired him as a salesman for the Washburn-Moen barbed wire company. After being assigned to work in Texas, Gates quickly learned that while he found friends and poker playing companions, when it came to selling barbed wire, ranchers were not buying. After watching a medicine show proprietor stage an elaborate presentation for his wares and noting that people fought to buy the products sold, Gates decided to have a similar production to demonstrate the merits of barbed wire. In San Antonio's Military Plaza, Gates provoked cattle into charging into a barbed wire fence which did not break. Gates went from not being able to sell his product to not being able to fill orders quickly enough after the demonstration.[22][23]
The barbed wire and steel business[edit]
Upon Ellwood's refusal to grant him a partnership in the company. Gates traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, where in partnership with Alfred Clifford, he started the Southern Wire Company to compete with Washburn-Moen.[3][24] Clifford's equipment to manufacture barbed wire had come from George C. Baker, who had invented a machine for producing barbed wire which was similar but not identical to the one made by Isaac Ellwood. Baker had resisted all attempts by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen to buy him out. Gates and Clifford sold their product at a cheaper price than Washburn-Moen. Before long, Washburn-Moen was losing substantial business to Gates and Clifford's Southern Wire Company.[25]
In an effort to stop the success of the former company salesman, Ellwood and Washburn-Moen filed for an injunction to stop the business of Southern Wire Company. The suit, filed in U. S. District Court, claimed the machines Gates and Clifford used in the production of their product were a direct copy of those used by Washburn-Moen. The suit also called for Gates and Clifford to pay US$100,000 in damages to the company. As they avoided process servers, Gates and Clifford made a plan to save their company. They were able to rent a building in East St. Louis, Illinois and moved their equipment out of the factory and onto a ferryboat after dark. After they crossed the Mississippi River, the machines were out of the jurisdiction of the St. Louis U. S. District Court and were back in business the next day.[25][f] When Clifford and Gates hired an attorney to answer the charges made against them in court, the judge ruled that the manufacturing process used by Southern Wire Company was not an infringement on any patents or machinery owned by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen.[27]




Gates owned the Sydney Kent House at 2944 South Michigan Avenue on Chicago's South Side from 1896 to 1906[28] The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places


After a fire destroyed the Southern Wire Company, Gates gambled on the idea that William Edenborn had not heard the news and approached him for a merger with the idea that Southern Wire would manufacture in Edenborn's now idle barbed wire plant. The new company was known as St. Louis Wire Mill Company.[29] They continued to buy other wire companies and had strong sales. Washburn-Moen went back into court, this time in Des Moines, Iowa, where a federal judge ruled that the machinery created by Baker was an infringement of Washburn-Moen's patents. By this time, Gates had created a syndicate of barbed wire manufacturers who did not produce their wares using Washburn-Moen's methods; the ruling in favor of Washburn-Moen only applied to areas in the jurisdiction of the U. S. Federal Court in Des Moines. Washburn-Moen continued to falter; Isaac Ellwood sent word asking for a meeting with Gates. Ellwood and another key figure with Washburn-Moen, John Lambert, now accepted offers from Gates. The barbed wire legal issues ended with Washburn-Moen selling their patent rights to Gates and his syndicate of wire manufacturers.[30]
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions the company went through various name changes, finally settling on American Steel and Wire Company. Gates and his family moved to Chicago, where they lived for a period of ten years.[31] Chicago attorney Elbert Henry Gary had helped Gates form the syndicate which led to the defeat of Washburn-Moen. Gary was called on again in 1901 to negotiate a merger with J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Though he had provided Gates with some loans and advice in the past, Morgan did not want Gates to be a part of the merged company, saying that there was only a deal without Gates.[32][33][34] Morgan made an offer to Gates for the American Steel and Wire Company, telling him that he was not welcome to take part in the business of U. S. Steel-either as part of management or on the company's board of directors. Morgan continued by saying that if Gates did not accept his offer, U. S. Steel intended to build its own wire production plant.[35][g]
Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas[edit]
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan's snub at the U. S. Steel merger. One month after the deal was completed, he became involved in a struggle between E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad and James J. Hill of the Northern Pacific Railway. Both men sought control of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. Hill, who was financed by J. P. Morgan, needed access to Chicago; Harriman was interested in stopping Hill from obtaining it. Gates saw this as an opportunity to get back at Morgan for his refusal to seat him on the board of U. S. Steel. Along with Harriman, he began buying shares of Northern Pacific stock. When James Hill noted a sudden rise in Northern Pacific stock prices, he traveled to New York to consult with Morgan. Morgan and Hill stopped the sales of the Northern Pacific stock, which remained high while other stocks took steep drops. Those who had been selling short could not obtain enough stock to cover themselves and were faced with large financial losses. It was rumored that Gates was short 60,000 shares of Northern Pacific stock. Gates did not confirm or deny any of the rumors about the railroad stock and would only say that he was doing well.[37]
As Gates continued to search for a way to get back at Morgan for cutting him out of U. S. Steel, he found a vulnerability in Morgan's railroad holdings in 1902 and began buying large numbers of shares in Morgan's Louisville and Nashville Railroad. When it was decided to add another short line to the L&N system, its board of directors voted to issue 50,000 new shares of stock to finance the new line. A clerical error offered the stock for sale before it could be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Gates saw the offering and purchased the shares prior to their listing; he also continued buying all the Louisville and Nashville stock he was able to. Gates had enough shares of the railroad to duplicate the panic that ensued the year before with the Great Northern Railway shares. J. P. Morgan learned of the events in April 1902 and found that Gates now owned more than 51 percent of the Louisville and Nashville's stock. Morgan decided to act to stop another Wall Street panic, and asked what Gates' terms of sale would be. Gates wanted US$150 per share of stock, an offer which Morgan initially rejected. He then dispatched his aide, George Walbridge Perkins, to talk to Gates and make the best possible arrangements. Perkins called on Gates in his Waldorf-Astoria suite at 1:30 am. The deal for the Louisville and Nashville cost Morgan US$43 million, with Gates making a more than US$15 million profit from the transaction.[38]




Oil gusher at Port Arthur, Texas, 1901


After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad incident, Gates found that public opinion had turned against him as a result of it. Gates talked some associates into submitting his son's name for membership in the New York Yacht Club and New York's Union League Club.[h] The application for Charlie Gates went from one desk to another for a number of weeks. When young Gates' name was brought up for a vote, the members of the admissions committee were unanimous in their "no" decision. Gates threatened to sue the club and the members denied his charges of Morgan being behind Charlie Gates' refusal. Gates withdrew Charlie's Yacht Club and Union League Club applications, apparently resigned that his son would not be a member of either society.[40] When he and Dellora traveled to England, the couple wanted to stay at Claridge's, as they had done in 1900. Claridge's refused to accept their registration as Gates was now on the hotel's list of undesirables.[41]
Pattillo Higgins had begun a well on Spindletop in 1900, but ran out of money to continue drilling for oil. Higgins went to Gates for funds to continue; Gates obliged and founded The Texas Company, later known as Texaco. His investment entitled Gates to 46 percent of the company's stock.[3] When Spindletop came in the next year, Gates was already in control of Port Arthur's docks, its refinery and the railroad needed to get the oil to market.[42]

Port Arthur[edit]




Home of John W. Gates in Port Arthur, Texas



Mary Gates Memorial Hospital, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates became influential in the development of the city of Port Arthur, Texas when he took over the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in December 1899 after he forced it into bankruptcy along with its previous owner and Port Arthur founder Arthur Edward Stilwell.[43] Gates built a winter home in the city and contributed much to its development. After Gates became the owner of the Port Arthur Canal and Dock Company, he held the asset for a time; in 1906 he gave the canal to the US government under the condition that Port Arthur would be named an international port of entry. Gates founded the first bank, built a rice mill and established the Port Arthur Light, Power and Ice Company. When he decided to make Port Arthur his permanent residence in 1908, the town held a celebration.[44] After Mary Gates died while on a visit to her son and his family in December 1908, Gates built Mary Gates Hospital to honor her memory.[45][46] He was also a large contributor to Port Arthur Business College, and built a model farm to give the city a source of fresh dairy products.[47]




John W. Gates model farm, Port Arthur, Texas



Port Arthur's Plaza Hotel in 1909




After Port Arthur's Hotel Sabine burned to the ground in 1904, Gates decided that the city needed a good hotel to replace it. In 1909, he proposed to build another, called the Plaza, on the site the Hotel Sabine had once occupied. Gates could have easily afforded to finance the entire cost of the new hotel, but he wanted Port Arthur's residents to have an equal share in the venture. Gates held local meetings and was happy to discuss the project or take pledges for the building fund at any time. After the pledges of local businessmen had reached US$150,000, Gates donated the remaining US$150,000, and the project began to be built by United States Realty Company.[48][i]
Gates took great pleasure in watching the Plaza Hotel take shape. He was a daily visitor to the construction site as the Spanish mission style building was erected. When the hotel was opened, Gates held a special "billion dollar banquet" on November 15, 1909; his guests were men who owned railroads, Texas Company board members, and other successful men in business. Port Arthur had never seen so many wealthy and powerful men and residents were impressed by the sight of them. Gates served as the hotel's manager in the first few weeks it was in operation. He hired African-Americans as waiters; this was considered to be very bold, as African-Americans were barred from living and working in the city at the time.[50][j]

The steel industry and dashed hopes[edit]
Gates continued to have hopes of being able to take on J. P. Morgan again-this time with a rival steel trust. After the sale of his Louisville and Nashville Railroad stocks to Morgan in 1902, Gates quietly began buying shares of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. He and his associates easily owned more than 50 percent of the company's stock shares, but the company's owner and founder, John C. Osgood, claimed the shares were not valid. Osgood said that while the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, any transfer of the shares without his signature and approval, made them invalid. He went on to say that because of their invalidity, those who held shares of the company's stock without them, were not eligible to attend the annual stockholders' meeting. Osgood was upheld in this opinion by the company's board of directors.[51]
Determined to attend the meeting, Gates hired a special train to get to the meeting in Denver. John Osgood was prepared for Gates' arrival. He had obtained a Circuit Court injunction barring Gates and his associates from attending the meeting; the doors of Colorado Fuel and Iron were guarded by sheriff's deputies armed with shotguns. Gates was angry about being refused entry to the meeting, but he became enraged when he learned he was described in the local Circuit Court as a "high roller and a gambler". Gates returned to New York to try utilizing the Federal Court system there. As the legal wrangles continued, the stock of the company began dropping in value; during this time Gates lost US$3 million, but still was unsure of his legal status with Colorado Fuel and Iron. Osgood announced he was willing to meet Gates halfway, but Gates declined the offer. He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due. Apparently feeling that a long battle was not worth it, Gates gave up the fight some weeks later and sold the shares, which eventually wound up with the Rockefeller family.[51][k]




Tennessee Coal and Iron Company's furnace at Ensley, Alabama, circa 1906


Once more, Gates planned to get back into the steel industry. In 1903, he began buying shares of Republic Steel. Its two main competitors were in the US South-Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company, and the Sloss-Sheffield Iron and Steel Company in Alabama. All three were able to use inexpensive Southern iron ore to produce quality steel with the open hearth process, making the price of the steel produced with it cheaper. The minerals needed for the open hearth process were readily found in Alabama. Gates envisioned bringing Republic, Tennessee Coal and Iron and Sloss-Sheffield together into a steel trust to challenge J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. When August Belmont, Jr. resigned his seat on Republic's board to concentrate on consolidating the New York transit system, Gates was elected to fill Belmont's seat.[53][l]
Gates found two like-minded members of the board when he began talking about consolidating the three steel companies. One was L. C. Hanna, the brother of Mark Hanna; the other was Grant Schley, who had a Wall Street brokerage. Gates now began purchasing shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron in preparation of the consolidation. In January 1905 he was ready to outline his plan to potential members of the trust, with the exception of Republic's president, A. W. Thompson. When Thompson was advised of the scheme, he declared there would be no such trust with Republic as a member; when put to a formal vote, Republic's board members voted down the idea of joining a trust. During this time, Gates was able to purchase enough shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron to give him a controlling interest in the company.[55]
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill. His assessment of the open-hearth process for steel production was confirmed by a report from the US Bureau of Corporations. The report stated that an agent for U. S. Steel and a large railroad affiliated with J. P. Morgan pronounced the rails produced by the open-hearth process to be twice as good at those made by the Bessemer process, which was used by U. S. Steel. The report went on to praise Gates and his competitiveness.[56]
The Panic of 1907[edit]
In 1907, Gates took his usual summer holiday in Europe. Upon arriving in Paris, he was met with an urgent cablegram from Grant Schley. Schley, the owner of a brokerage and a board member of Republic Steel and Tennessee Coal and Iron, advised Gates of serious business trouble and asked him to return to the US at once. As the Panic of 1907 began, Schley's brokerage had become short of money and it was necessary for him to obtain large loans to try to keep the brokerage solvent. Schley offered some US$6 million shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company as part of the collateral for the loans.[57][m] Oakleigh Thorne was the president of the Trust Company of America bank and also a member of the Gates coalition. Thorne believed his bank was in sound financial condition until a New York Times article stated otherwise. Thorne told reporters that if he paid off every depositor, he would still have US$4 million in assets. When the clearing house run by J. P. Morgan audited the bank's books, they found the bank was sound, but were quite interested in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock they found and indicated that the stock was not acceptable to them as security.[58][59][n][o]
Morgan proposed to buy Tennessee Coal and Iron to "rescue" all involved with the company. He outlined a plan whereby U. S. Steel would change its second mortgage bonds for Tennessee Coal and Iron stock.[p] Because the U. S. Steel bonds were acceptable to the clearing house, they would be able to be used for the debts. It was suggested that President Theodore Roosevelt be consulted before such action was taken. Roosevelt was given only an outline of the issue; he was never told which institution would fail without U. S. Steel's takeover of Tennessee Coal and Iron. Roosevelt wrote a note to his Attorney General stating he had not learned the name of the troubled business, but felt that he should not object to this occurrence.[62]
The New York Times, however, printed its amazement that Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks were not acceptable to the clearing house and that the Trust Company of America was deemed insolvent when it had more than enough assets to cover all deposits. The newspaper concluded that U. S. Steel wanted to take over a serious business competitor and the company was only worried about the Sherman Antitrust Act.[62] All of this had taken place before Gates was able to return to New York; when he was briefed on the situation, he was told that all other members of the coalition had agreed to Morgan's terms. [q] While Gates realized he had no choice but to submit his shares of stock, he insisted that all stockholders were to be treated equally with regard to the rate of exchange of their shares. Though this was promised, those holding smaller amounts of stock were said to have received less compensation for them.[63][r][s]
Aftermath[edit]




The Texas Company docks, Port Arthur, Texas


Gates involved himself in bettering Port Arthur after losing Tennessee Coal and Iron. He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town's business when either flared up. He still had control of the Texas Company and was able to successfully battle Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who would have liked to take over his company's land.[67] In 1909, he was taking his usual summer holiday in Europe when members of the Republican party from the Eastern District of Texas nominated him for Congress. He wired the convention to refuse the nomination, saying that he preferred to participate through his financial contributions.[68] Gates had purchased an animal show and a stable of performing horses with the idea of creating a circus for himself and Port Arthur, when in early 1911, he found a growth in his throat. The growth was malignant and there were times Gates was hardly able to speak.[67][t]
The US Congress was beset with requests to deal with the U. S. Steel Trust as they had done with the Tobacco Trust and Standard Oil. The House of Representatives formed a committee to examine the dealings of Morgan's company. Congressman Augustus Owsley Stanley of Kentucky, was named chairman of the committee; in his long list of persons to subpoena for their testimony the first was John Gates. Gates appeared to give his testimony on May 28, 1911; he was seriously ill and this was evident by how thin and pale he had become. He planned a trip to Paris to consult with doctors there after his testimony. Gates spoke of all of his dealings with J. P. Morgan, from the American Steel and Wire Company to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and to the time when control of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company was wrested from him forcibly. He left for Paris while the committee was still in session. The result of the hearings was an investigation of U. S. Steel and its practices which would last for almost ten years. J. P. Morgan, who held the belief that he had "saved" the country from the Panic of 1907, was disgusted at the "ingratitude" of both the government and the nation's citizens.[70]
Bet A Million[edit]




The Gates brokerage in the Waldorf-Astoria


Gates maintained a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria of New City from 1894 onwards. Though he paid US$30,000 yearly for it, his visits pained the hotel's manager, George Boldt, at times. Gates and his guests were often loud and boisterous.[7][71] He had a private entrance and elevator, but Gates had a habit of banging on the elevator doors and shouting for service. Boldt instructed his elevator operators to take their time when serving his floor, as it allowed Gates to make as much noise as he wished for a few minutes.[7][72][73] Gates' suite was often home to high-stakes poker parties and Baccarat games. Many poker games began on the train from Chicago to New York and were continued at the Waldorf. One poker game lasted for five days and nights; when it was done at least US$2 million had changed hands.[74] Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them. Gates made it a practice to keep some unset diamonds in his vest pocket for the times when Dellora became angry about the late hours at cards. He would then present a gem to his wife, who would suddenly forget her anger with him. Dellora would take the diamond to Tiffany & Co. to be set in a piece of jewelry of her choice.[75]
In 1900, Gates won $600,000 on a $70,000 bet on a horse race in England, exaggerated at over $1 million, which conferred on him the nickname "Bet-A-Million".[76] The Waldorf's Oscar Tschirky recalled that Gates did not like the nickname, but did little to repudiate the claims as he would bet on practically everything. Oscar recalled a rainy afternoon in the Waldorf's Oak Room as Gates and two associates watched raindrops trickle down the windows. Gates remarked that the drops did not move down the window at the same speed. One of Gates' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him. Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first. His associate took him up on the bet and before Gates' raindrop had won the race, the bets had changed from hundreds of dollars to thousands.[77] Gates believed that all life was a gamble; a farmer gambled that he would have a successful harvest when planting crops, a merchant gambled that customers would buy items when ordering stock and a traveler gambled on arriving safely when setting out on a journey.[78]
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States. In 1902, he attended the American Derby at Chicago's Washington Park Race Track, favoring Wyeth, the horse of an associate. When Wyeth won, Gates had profited close to US $100,000. At yet another race, Gates won US$650,000 from his large bets. The Jockey Club president, August Belmont, Jr., asked Gates to limit his bets to US$10,000, as such large wagers gave the impression that the races were not honest ones.[54] Outside of his own hotel suite, Gates' favorite spot in New York City was the gambling establishment opened by Richard Canfield in 1898. The club was at 5 East 44th Street. Delmonico's was next door and provided catering to the club's guests. When there or at Canfield's Saratoga clubhouse, Gates' favored game was faro which he had learned while selling barbed wire in Texas.[79]
Gates set up a brokerage office in the hotel's main lobby for his son, Charlie, and an experienced stockbroker.[72] He speculated on Wall Street from there. In early 1907, when Gates realized that the market would be headed for a sharp downturn, he closed the offices of Charles G. Gates and Company, announcing he was done with Wall Street for good.[80] Gates also changed his New York residence in May of the same year. He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza.[49]
Death and legacy[edit]




Gates funeral in 1911 in Manhattan



Gates Memorial Library, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor.[81][3][31][82] His funeral was held on August 23, 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel.[83][84] Gates' mourners had come from all parts of the country; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services. A large delegation arrived from Texas, where Gates had done much for the city of Port Arthur.[85][84]
The city of Port Arthur held its own memorial service on the same day Gates was buried. Flags were lowered to half staff and from noon until 6pm all businesses in Port Arthur were closed; the city's docks and refineries also stopped their operations during this time to honor Port Arthur's benefactor.[86][87] While Gates left the bulk of his estate to his wife and son, he inserted a clause in his will that prohibited his family from selling any of his securities until ten years after his death. Gates is said to have included the clause in his will to protect friends who had invested with him from these securities being sold soon after his death.[88][84] Gates' estate was valued at between US$40 and US$50 million.[89] He was buried in the family mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.[90][u]
The Gates Memorial Library in Port Arthur was funded by his widow and donated to the city in 1918.[3] Originally the city's public library, Gates Memorial now serves as the campus library for Lamar State College–Port Arthur. It was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.[93] In 1971, Gates was honored with a state historical marker at the site of his Military Plaza barbed wire demonstration in San Antonio.[94]

Notes[edit]


^ George Gates ran away to enlist in the Union army in 1861. He was 16 at the time he enlisted. George was killed in action in 1864.[4]
^ His brother, Gilbert, set out with a team and wagon bound for California in the 1870. He was traveling there for health reasons, and became friendly with a man named Alexander Jester, who asked to travel with him. When Gilbert Gates' body was found the next day, Jester had disappeared with the team of horses and the wagon. Asel Gates hired detectives in an effort to find his son's killer. Jester was finally arrested in Mexico, Missouri. Asel Gates traveled to the town to confront Jester, but he escaped from the local jail on the day the elder Gates arrived there.[5] Gates never gave up the search for his brother's murderer, but it was 30 years before he had any substantial clues. Jester's sister became angry with him and wrote a letter to John Gates, saying that Jester was living with her and that he had confessed to her that he murdered Gilbert Gates. Jester was 80 years old when he went to trial but was ultimately acquitted.[6][7]
^ Gates never forgot the false accusation. Thirty years later, when he was a very wealthy man, he was asked to contribute to the building fund for a new Methodist church in West Chicago. The false accusation was still vivid in Gates' memory and he refused to give one cent toward a new church building.[9]
^ Because of the times, Gates was only able to give the minister US$5.00 for performing his marriage ceremony. He met Reverend Foster again in 1909 and apologized for not being able to give the clergyman more at the time of the marriage. Saying he was paying some of the interest he owed on the debt, Gates gave Reverend Foster a US$100 dollar bill.[17]
^ Mary Gates realized she had a connection to Joseph Glidden, the patent holder. She was related to his wife, Lucinda. Gates' mother wrote a letter to Lucinda Glidden asking that her son be interviewed for a salesman's job.[21]
^ Isaac Ellwood continued to pursue the matter even after the Southern Wire Company moved to Illinois. Gates, his wife and son, had relocated to St. Louis after he went into business with Alfred Clifford. The family was returning to St. Louis after a visit with family in Turner Junction when Gates caught sight of two suspicious looking men. He knew they were process servers and told his wife to hurry and get on the train. Dellora and Charlie jumped on a coach car while Gates ran with the two men after him. Gates was able to find an open boxcar and jump in; he hid there until the two process servers gave up their search for him. He jumped on the last car of the train his wife and son were already on as it was pulling out of the station.[26]
^ Before the merger was finalized, Morgan kept in regular contact with Gates. When Gates was not named to the US Steel board of directors, it was a surprise to everyone but Morgan.[36]
^ J. P. Morgan was a member of both clubs.[39]
^ The United States Realty Company was also the builder of New York's Plaza Hotel.[49]
^ Some local trouble makers decided to threaten the waiters; the entire wait staff was ready to quit when Gates arrived one morning, because they were afraid. Gates asked his waiters to stay where they were and then sent his valet to his home for a rifle. While he waited for the rifle, Gates tried speaking to both groups. When the rifle arrived, Gates grabbed it and shouted. "Now, by God, I'll shoot the first man who tries to go and I'll shoot the first sonofabitch who tries to make him go!" The trouble making crowd dispersed; the waiters stayed and were no longer troubled by threats.[50]
^ Some ten years later, it was said that the company was a very poor investment, as its shares of common stock had not produced a cent of dividends in all that time.[52]
^ August Belmont, Jr. previously had words with Gates about the size of hie horse racing bets.[54]
^ This was not in keeping with the pledge made to Gates and the other coalition members; they had all agreed not to dispose of the company's stocks and not to use them for speculation.[57]
^ No answer was provided as to why no Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock was acceptable to Morgan's clearing house. The company was valued at US$100 million: its stock had a par value of US$100 per share. Tennessee Coal and Iron had been operating at peak capacity through that summer; many U. S. Steel plants had been idled and its common stock had dropped from 47 1/2 to 24 1/2.[60]
^ Grant Schley was once more pressured for payment. He again offered his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock as collateral and was told it would not be accepted by Morgan's clearing house. Schley was also told that if his brokerage failed, Oakleigh Thorne's Trust Company of America bank would also fail.[61]
^ The U. S. Steel second mortgage bonds were quoted at 84, while shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron were valued at 134.[62]
^ One of Gates' associates remarked that Tennessee Coal and Iron stock withstood the panic and had never been quoted lower than US$140 a share. He went on to say that the panic was used as a ruse to get control of the company.[63]
^ J. P. Morgan was initially hailed as a hero for putting an end to the panic. A few months later, the newspapers were writing different stories about the incident. It was acknowledged that what was done with Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks was a bold violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Financial expert John Moody wrote that if the panic was ended by this transaction, it was ended by "taking a few million from one pocket and putting millions into another".[64] Morgan's associates were accused of lying to Roosevelt about the issue being serious enough to affect the United States; Roosevelt was chided for believing the lie. Roosevelt continued to state he believed the issue was serious enough to affect the nation. However, he would not release reports about the matter which were drawn by both the Bureau of Corporations and the Department of Justice. Senator Charles Allen Culberson introduced a measure in the US Senate demanding the release of this information. When Roosevelt countered that Congress had no power to impel the Executive Branch of the US government to release information it had collected for its own use, the Senate chose to investigate Roosevelt's Attorney General for failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act when it came to U. S. Steel. The resolution was approved, but Roosevelt still refused to release the reports, claiming they were "nobody's damn business". The committee chose to continue the investigation without the reports.[65]
^ The New York Times continued to follow the story and printed in a January 1909 edition that a certain New York banker would testify that Tennessee Coal and Iron was a stable company with "gilt-edged" stock values and that Roosevelt had been misled. Hearings began on January 28 behind closed doors, but reporters were able to determine enough of the events that took place to file news stories. Oakleigh Thorne testified that his bank was not helped by the actions of Morgan; stock broker Grant Schley said his brokerage could have been assisted without demanding his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock. Morgan's representative was both evasive and forgetful when questioned. Roosevelt, who was in the process of leaving office, was not censured for his actions because the Senate Committee was deadlocked, 6-6, on this question.[66] The New York Times wrote: "If the president had been less dear to Americans, it is likely there would have been such reluctance to revise his discretion in a difficult case. This is an example of saying one man can steal while another is sent to jail for looking over the fence. The verdict is :Not Guilty-but don't do it again.[66] Public ire about J. P. Morgan and U. S. Steel's role in the events of 1907 did not diminish when the Senate hearing was ended in early 1909.[67]
^ Gates and his group of investors had previously provided the funding for New York's Luna Park and its Hippodrome.[69]
^ Gates' son, Charlie, died in his sleep in his private railroad car while in Cody, Wyoming on October 20, 1913.[91] Dellora Gates continued to live in the Plaza Hotel apartment she had shared with her husband. On November 28, 1918, she died suddenly in her suite there. She and Charlie are also buried in the Gates mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery.[91] Dellora's brother, Edward J. Baker, and niece, Dellora Agnell Norris, inherited the Gates fortune.[92]


References[edit]


^ "John Warne Gates". Texas State Historical Association. p. 1. Retrieved Jan 8, 2016. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 17.
^ a b c d e f g h "John Warne Gates". Texas Handbook Online. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 18.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 18-19.
^ "Proof in Jester Case". Chicago Tribune. October 13, 1899. p. 2. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b c "Stories Told Of the Life of John W. Gates". The Parsons Daily Sun. September 29, 1911. p. 5. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 22-23.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 23-24.
^ Wendt and Kogan & 11948, p. 24.
^ a b "Passing of John W. Gates Removes Most Interesting Of America's Financiers". The Oregon Daily Journal. August 13, 1911. p. 56. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-24-25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 25-26.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 26-28.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 28-51.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 31-32.
^ "History of barbed wire". Ellwood House and Museum. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2010-12-19. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 33-49.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 53-64.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 62-65.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 68-69.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 70.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 136-173.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-73.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-89.
^ a b "J. W. Gates Dead. Ill For Months In Paris.". New York Times. August 9, 1911. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ Wenst and Logan 1948, pp. 79-80.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 96-101.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 148-155.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 194-196.
^ Owen, O. A. (March 1928). "Promoters I Have Known". The Bookman: 36. Retrieved August 7, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 211-218.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 237-241.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 244.
^ Wednt and Kogan, 1948 & p244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 245.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 207-210.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 203-206.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 294-295.
^ Wednt and Logan 1948, p. 301.
^ Homans 1918, p. 62.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ Wenst and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 278-279.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 301-302.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp247-249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 256-258.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 241-243.
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-258-264.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 275-276.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 280-282.
^ Wemdt and Kogan 1948, pp. 282-283.
^ Bruner and Carr 2007, pp. 87-88.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 283-284.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 284-295.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 285-289.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 287-290.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 304.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 304-306.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 306-308.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 308-311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 302.
^ Casson, Herbert N. (October 1906). "The Romance of Steel and Iron in America". Munsey's Magazine: 92. Retrieved August 3, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 311-326.
^ Morehouse III 1991, pp. 22-23.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 201.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 243-244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 227-230.
^ Schriftgiesser 1942, p. 118.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 180-181.
^ Schriftgiesser 1943, p. 116.
^ Marcasson, Isaac F. (April 1913). "The Passing of the Plunger". Munsey's Magazine: 11. Retrieved August 7, 2015.  (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 224-227.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 272-278.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 326.
^ "Gates Paris Funeral Held". Chicago Tribune. August 13, 1911. p. 9. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 327-328.
^ a b c "Mourners Came From Many States". The Cincinnati Enquirer. August 24, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ "At Port Arthur". The Houston Post. August 23, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 328-329.
^ "Gates Family Mausoleum". Woodlawn Cemetery. Retrieved March 14, 2015. 
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 330.
^ Szymczak, Patricia M. (January 15, 1989). "The Legacy". Chicago Tribune. p. T-1. Retrieved May 8, 2015. Note that the link takes the reader to page 2 of the paper, scroll up to page 1 to read the source material. 
^ "Gates Memorial Library". Lamar State University. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 13, 2015. 
^ "Marker Placed To Honor Barbed Wire Inventor". The Mexia Daily news. August 3, 1971. p. 2. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  


Bibliography[edit]


Homans, James E. (1918). The Cyclopedia of American biography Volume VIII. The Press Association Compilers Inc. 
Bruner, Robert F.; Carr, Sean D. (2007). The Panic of 1907: Lessons Learned from the Market's Perfect Storm. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-15263-8. 
Morehouse III, Ward (1991). The Waldorf Astoria: America's Gilded Dream. Xlibris, Corp. ISBN 978-1413465044. 
Schriftgiesser, Karl (1943). Oscar of the Waldorf. E. P. Dutton & Co. 
Wendt, Lloyd; Kogan, Herman (1948). Bet a million! The story of John W. Gates. Bobbs-Merrill. 


External links[edit]

1940 biography of John W. Gates, accessed April 1, 2006
John Warne Gates at Find a Grave




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40679143
LCCN: n80113088










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Warne_Gates&oldid=784162350"					
Categories: 1855 births1911 deaths19th-century American businesspeoplePeople from Port Arthur, TexasTexaco peopleNorth Central College alumniPeople from Winfield, IllinoisBusinesspeople from ChicagoBurials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx)Texas RepublicansPeople from West Chicago, IllinoisHidden categories: Good articlesFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 20:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Warne Gates - Wikipedia






















 







John Warne Gates

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John W. Gates" redirects here. For the New York politician, see John W. Gates (New York).




Gates circa 1900


John Warne Gates (May 18, 1855 – August 9, 1911), also known as "Bet-a-Million" Gates, was an American Gilded Age industrialist, who was a pioneer promoter of barbed wire. He was born and raised in what is now West Chicago, Illinois. He did not enjoy farm life and began offering neighbors various business propositions at an early age, including the sale of firewood to homes and to the local railroad. When he started a local grain brokerage that failed, Gates began spending time at the local railroad station and became reacquainted with the men he previously sold firewood to. He was invited to join their poker games and through this, Gates' aptitude for cards and other games of chance was developed.
After studying penmanship, bookkeeping and business law in North Central College (by then Northwestern College),[1] he failed as an owner of a local hardware store. Gates became interested in barbed wire and became a salesman for the Washburn-Moen Company. When he was assigned to the Texas sales territory, he learned that ranchers were adamant about not buying his product. Gates staged a demonstration of the wire in San Antonio's Military Plaza with charging cattle failing to break the barbed wire fences he had set up. He then proved very successful in selling the company's product, and went on to start his own barbed wire manufacturing business, which eventually led to the production of steel. In the process, his company was purchased by J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Gates was not invited to become part of the company, and he fought back at Morgan for many years through a series of business acquisitions and sales; both men were key figures in the Panic of 1907.
Gates was the president of Republic Steel and of the Texas Company, later known as Texaco. He was instrumental in changing the steel industry's production methods from the Bessemer process to the open hearth process and in building the city of Port Arthur, Texas.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early years
1.2 Marriage and early business ventures
1.3 The barbed wire and steel business
1.4 Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas

1.4.1 Port Arthur


1.5 The steel industry and dashed hopes

1.5.1 The Panic of 1907
1.5.2 Aftermath




2 Bet A Million
3 Death and legacy
4 Notes
5 References
6 Bibliography
7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early years[edit]
Gates was born in West Chicago, Illinois (then known as Turner Junction) on May 18, 1855. He was the son of Asel A. and Mary Warne Gates.[2] Gates had two older brothers, George and Gilbert, but both had died by the time he was 15 years old.[3][a][b] While Gates was raised in a religious household, his mother, Mary, became more religious after the deaths of her two older sons. Because he had been involved in some harmless childhood mischief in both grammar and Sunday School, he was accused of stealing a collection at the Sunday School. He was barred from attending church as a result.[8][c]
Gates was raised on the family's farm, but did not care for farm life. At an early age, he entered into his first business proposition: to husk a neighbor's corn.[3] His next business venture was to clear some land of timber for another neighbor. Gates earned US$1,000 for this job, selling the timber as firewood to homes and to the railroad.[10] Gates then took the money from this labor and bought a half interest in a threshing machine. As this type of equipment was very new at the time, few farms owned one, so Gates and his partner hired themselves out to work with it at various local farms. After one season, Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.[11] Gates then set himself up as a local grain broker, doing business from the family's home. This business venture was a failure; in an effort to escape farm work, he took to spending time at the railroad depot where he had previously sold firewood. The railroad men remembered him and now asked him to join their poker games. Gates found he had an aptitude for the game and for anticipating the cards men held and how they would play them. With the grain brokerage now forgotten, he was able to make up the losses at the card table.[12]
While attending a house party near St. Charles, he met and fell in love with a farmer's daughter, Dellora Baker. Gates proposed to her at one of the house parties. Dellora was willing to accept Gates' proposal, but wondered how he would be able to provide for a wife, as his only income came from winning at the railroad poker games.[13][3] When his father discovered Gates in a poker game with some railroad men in the family's barn, Asel told his son he was no good and would never be any good. Only Mary's mediation stopped her son from leaving home. With the realization that he needed more education than grammar school had provided, he announced to his parents that he would be enrolling in some local college classes.[14] Gates attended some courses at nearby Wheaton College and graduated from North Central College in 1876.[3][15] He had little opportunity to put his new business education to work, as the financial Panic of 1873 began just as he was completing his college work. In order to be able to marry Dellora, Gates accepted every type of job he could get for the next year; most of them were for farm work. Gates and Dellora were married on February 25, 1874.[16][d]
Marriage and early business ventures[edit]
Gates tried to revive to his grain brokerage business but lost all his savings through it. When the couple's first child was stillborn, Gates returned to his old pattern of playing poker and thought seriously about leaving town with Dellora. With this knowledge, Mary Gates told her husband he needed to help his son financially so he could start a new business. Gates' father-in-law, Ed Baker, had already offered to help his daughter and son in law in this way. Asel purchased a two-story brick building and Ed Baker provided the capital for stock to open a hardware store in Turner Junction.[15][18] At first the business went well; Gates and Dellora were able to move into their own home. Gates began taking time away from the hardware store and while his partner tried to handle all the business, he was not able to.[19] A son, Charles Gilbert Gates, was born to Gates and Dellora on May 21, 1876. Gates began to complain of various ailments soon after the baby's birth; at times, he would take to his bed for some days with them. Business at the hardware store had become so bad, Gates was not able to afford the rent on the family's home. They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store, with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing.[19]
While at the hardware store, Gates met a salesman who was in the barbed wire business. As a result, Gates became interested in the relatively new product. When he announced his intentions to sell his interest in the hardware store and become a traveling salesman for the product, his wife and mother were both in favor of the plan.[20][e] He made a trip to San Antonio, Texas in 1876 where Isaac Ellwood hired him as a salesman for the Washburn-Moen barbed wire company. After being assigned to work in Texas, Gates quickly learned that while he found friends and poker playing companions, when it came to selling barbed wire, ranchers were not buying. After watching a medicine show proprietor stage an elaborate presentation for his wares and noting that people fought to buy the products sold, Gates decided to have a similar production to demonstrate the merits of barbed wire. In San Antonio's Military Plaza, Gates provoked cattle into charging into a barbed wire fence which did not break. Gates went from not being able to sell his product to not being able to fill orders quickly enough after the demonstration.[22][23]
The barbed wire and steel business[edit]
Upon Ellwood's refusal to grant him a partnership in the company. Gates traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, where in partnership with Alfred Clifford, he started the Southern Wire Company to compete with Washburn-Moen.[3][24] Clifford's equipment to manufacture barbed wire had come from George C. Baker, who had invented a machine for producing barbed wire which was similar but not identical to the one made by Isaac Ellwood. Baker had resisted all attempts by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen to buy him out. Gates and Clifford sold their product at a cheaper price than Washburn-Moen. Before long, Washburn-Moen was losing substantial business to Gates and Clifford's Southern Wire Company.[25]
In an effort to stop the success of the former company salesman, Ellwood and Washburn-Moen filed for an injunction to stop the business of Southern Wire Company. The suit, filed in U. S. District Court, claimed the machines Gates and Clifford used in the production of their product were a direct copy of those used by Washburn-Moen. The suit also called for Gates and Clifford to pay US$100,000 in damages to the company. As they avoided process servers, Gates and Clifford made a plan to save their company. They were able to rent a building in East St. Louis, Illinois and moved their equipment out of the factory and onto a ferryboat after dark. After they crossed the Mississippi River, the machines were out of the jurisdiction of the St. Louis U. S. District Court and were back in business the next day.[25][f] When Clifford and Gates hired an attorney to answer the charges made against them in court, the judge ruled that the manufacturing process used by Southern Wire Company was not an infringement on any patents or machinery owned by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen.[27]




Gates owned the Sydney Kent House at 2944 South Michigan Avenue on Chicago's South Side from 1896 to 1906[28] The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places


After a fire destroyed the Southern Wire Company, Gates gambled on the idea that William Edenborn had not heard the news and approached him for a merger with the idea that Southern Wire would manufacture in Edenborn's now idle barbed wire plant. The new company was known as St. Louis Wire Mill Company.[29] They continued to buy other wire companies and had strong sales. Washburn-Moen went back into court, this time in Des Moines, Iowa, where a federal judge ruled that the machinery created by Baker was an infringement of Washburn-Moen's patents. By this time, Gates had created a syndicate of barbed wire manufacturers who did not produce their wares using Washburn-Moen's methods; the ruling in favor of Washburn-Moen only applied to areas in the jurisdiction of the U. S. Federal Court in Des Moines. Washburn-Moen continued to falter; Isaac Ellwood sent word asking for a meeting with Gates. Ellwood and another key figure with Washburn-Moen, John Lambert, now accepted offers from Gates. The barbed wire legal issues ended with Washburn-Moen selling their patent rights to Gates and his syndicate of wire manufacturers.[30]
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions the company went through various name changes, finally settling on American Steel and Wire Company. Gates and his family moved to Chicago, where they lived for a period of ten years.[31] Chicago attorney Elbert Henry Gary had helped Gates form the syndicate which led to the defeat of Washburn-Moen. Gary was called on again in 1901 to negotiate a merger with J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Though he had provided Gates with some loans and advice in the past, Morgan did not want Gates to be a part of the merged company, saying that there was only a deal without Gates.[32][33][34] Morgan made an offer to Gates for the American Steel and Wire Company, telling him that he was not welcome to take part in the business of U. S. Steel-either as part of management or on the company's board of directors. Morgan continued by saying that if Gates did not accept his offer, U. S. Steel intended to build its own wire production plant.[35][g]
Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas[edit]
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan's snub at the U. S. Steel merger. One month after the deal was completed, he became involved in a struggle between E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad and James J. Hill of the Northern Pacific Railway. Both men sought control of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. Hill, who was financed by J. P. Morgan, needed access to Chicago; Harriman was interested in stopping Hill from obtaining it. Gates saw this as an opportunity to get back at Morgan for his refusal to seat him on the board of U. S. Steel. Along with Harriman, he began buying shares of Northern Pacific stock. When James Hill noted a sudden rise in Northern Pacific stock prices, he traveled to New York to consult with Morgan. Morgan and Hill stopped the sales of the Northern Pacific stock, which remained high while other stocks took steep drops. Those who had been selling short could not obtain enough stock to cover themselves and were faced with large financial losses. It was rumored that Gates was short 60,000 shares of Northern Pacific stock. Gates did not confirm or deny any of the rumors about the railroad stock and would only say that he was doing well.[37]
As Gates continued to search for a way to get back at Morgan for cutting him out of U. S. Steel, he found a vulnerability in Morgan's railroad holdings in 1902 and began buying large numbers of shares in Morgan's Louisville and Nashville Railroad. When it was decided to add another short line to the L&N system, its board of directors voted to issue 50,000 new shares of stock to finance the new line. A clerical error offered the stock for sale before it could be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Gates saw the offering and purchased the shares prior to their listing; he also continued buying all the Louisville and Nashville stock he was able to. Gates had enough shares of the railroad to duplicate the panic that ensued the year before with the Great Northern Railway shares. J. P. Morgan learned of the events in April 1902 and found that Gates now owned more than 51 percent of the Louisville and Nashville's stock. Morgan decided to act to stop another Wall Street panic, and asked what Gates' terms of sale would be. Gates wanted US$150 per share of stock, an offer which Morgan initially rejected. He then dispatched his aide, George Walbridge Perkins, to talk to Gates and make the best possible arrangements. Perkins called on Gates in his Waldorf-Astoria suite at 1:30 am. The deal for the Louisville and Nashville cost Morgan US$43 million, with Gates making a more than US$15 million profit from the transaction.[38]




Oil gusher at Port Arthur, Texas, 1901


After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad incident, Gates found that public opinion had turned against him as a result of it. Gates talked some associates into submitting his son's name for membership in the New York Yacht Club and New York's Union League Club.[h] The application for Charlie Gates went from one desk to another for a number of weeks. When young Gates' name was brought up for a vote, the members of the admissions committee were unanimous in their "no" decision. Gates threatened to sue the club and the members denied his charges of Morgan being behind Charlie Gates' refusal. Gates withdrew Charlie's Yacht Club and Union League Club applications, apparently resigned that his son would not be a member of either society.[40] When he and Dellora traveled to England, the couple wanted to stay at Claridge's, as they had done in 1900. Claridge's refused to accept their registration as Gates was now on the hotel's list of undesirables.[41]
Pattillo Higgins had begun a well on Spindletop in 1900, but ran out of money to continue drilling for oil. Higgins went to Gates for funds to continue; Gates obliged and founded The Texas Company, later known as Texaco. His investment entitled Gates to 46 percent of the company's stock.[3] When Spindletop came in the next year, Gates was already in control of Port Arthur's docks, its refinery and the railroad needed to get the oil to market.[42]

Port Arthur[edit]




Home of John W. Gates in Port Arthur, Texas



Mary Gates Memorial Hospital, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates became influential in the development of the city of Port Arthur, Texas when he took over the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in December 1899 after he forced it into bankruptcy along with its previous owner and Port Arthur founder Arthur Edward Stilwell.[43] Gates built a winter home in the city and contributed much to its development. After Gates became the owner of the Port Arthur Canal and Dock Company, he held the asset for a time; in 1906 he gave the canal to the US government under the condition that Port Arthur would be named an international port of entry. Gates founded the first bank, built a rice mill and established the Port Arthur Light, Power and Ice Company. When he decided to make Port Arthur his permanent residence in 1908, the town held a celebration.[44] After Mary Gates died while on a visit to her son and his family in December 1908, Gates built Mary Gates Hospital to honor her memory.[45][46] He was also a large contributor to Port Arthur Business College, and built a model farm to give the city a source of fresh dairy products.[47]




John W. Gates model farm, Port Arthur, Texas



Port Arthur's Plaza Hotel in 1909




After Port Arthur's Hotel Sabine burned to the ground in 1904, Gates decided that the city needed a good hotel to replace it. In 1909, he proposed to build another, called the Plaza, on the site the Hotel Sabine had once occupied. Gates could have easily afforded to finance the entire cost of the new hotel, but he wanted Port Arthur's residents to have an equal share in the venture. Gates held local meetings and was happy to discuss the project or take pledges for the building fund at any time. After the pledges of local businessmen had reached US$150,000, Gates donated the remaining US$150,000, and the project began to be built by United States Realty Company.[48][i]
Gates took great pleasure in watching the Plaza Hotel take shape. He was a daily visitor to the construction site as the Spanish mission style building was erected. When the hotel was opened, Gates held a special "billion dollar banquet" on November 15, 1909; his guests were men who owned railroads, Texas Company board members, and other successful men in business. Port Arthur had never seen so many wealthy and powerful men and residents were impressed by the sight of them. Gates served as the hotel's manager in the first few weeks it was in operation. He hired African-Americans as waiters; this was considered to be very bold, as African-Americans were barred from living and working in the city at the time.[50][j]

The steel industry and dashed hopes[edit]
Gates continued to have hopes of being able to take on J. P. Morgan again-this time with a rival steel trust. After the sale of his Louisville and Nashville Railroad stocks to Morgan in 1902, Gates quietly began buying shares of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. He and his associates easily owned more than 50 percent of the company's stock shares, but the company's owner and founder, John C. Osgood, claimed the shares were not valid. Osgood said that while the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, any transfer of the shares without his signature and approval, made them invalid. He went on to say that because of their invalidity, those who held shares of the company's stock without them, were not eligible to attend the annual stockholders' meeting. Osgood was upheld in this opinion by the company's board of directors.[51]
Determined to attend the meeting, Gates hired a special train to get to the meeting in Denver. John Osgood was prepared for Gates' arrival. He had obtained a Circuit Court injunction barring Gates and his associates from attending the meeting; the doors of Colorado Fuel and Iron were guarded by sheriff's deputies armed with shotguns. Gates was angry about being refused entry to the meeting, but he became enraged when he learned he was described in the local Circuit Court as a "high roller and a gambler". Gates returned to New York to try utilizing the Federal Court system there. As the legal wrangles continued, the stock of the company began dropping in value; during this time Gates lost US$3 million, but still was unsure of his legal status with Colorado Fuel and Iron. Osgood announced he was willing to meet Gates halfway, but Gates declined the offer. He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due. Apparently feeling that a long battle was not worth it, Gates gave up the fight some weeks later and sold the shares, which eventually wound up with the Rockefeller family.[51][k]




Tennessee Coal and Iron Company's furnace at Ensley, Alabama, circa 1906


Once more, Gates planned to get back into the steel industry. In 1903, he began buying shares of Republic Steel. Its two main competitors were in the US South-Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company, and the Sloss-Sheffield Iron and Steel Company in Alabama. All three were able to use inexpensive Southern iron ore to produce quality steel with the open hearth process, making the price of the steel produced with it cheaper. The minerals needed for the open hearth process were readily found in Alabama. Gates envisioned bringing Republic, Tennessee Coal and Iron and Sloss-Sheffield together into a steel trust to challenge J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. When August Belmont, Jr. resigned his seat on Republic's board to concentrate on consolidating the New York transit system, Gates was elected to fill Belmont's seat.[53][l]
Gates found two like-minded members of the board when he began talking about consolidating the three steel companies. One was L. C. Hanna, the brother of Mark Hanna; the other was Grant Schley, who had a Wall Street brokerage. Gates now began purchasing shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron in preparation of the consolidation. In January 1905 he was ready to outline his plan to potential members of the trust, with the exception of Republic's president, A. W. Thompson. When Thompson was advised of the scheme, he declared there would be no such trust with Republic as a member; when put to a formal vote, Republic's board members voted down the idea of joining a trust. During this time, Gates was able to purchase enough shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron to give him a controlling interest in the company.[55]
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill. His assessment of the open-hearth process for steel production was confirmed by a report from the US Bureau of Corporations. The report stated that an agent for U. S. Steel and a large railroad affiliated with J. P. Morgan pronounced the rails produced by the open-hearth process to be twice as good at those made by the Bessemer process, which was used by U. S. Steel. The report went on to praise Gates and his competitiveness.[56]
The Panic of 1907[edit]
In 1907, Gates took his usual summer holiday in Europe. Upon arriving in Paris, he was met with an urgent cablegram from Grant Schley. Schley, the owner of a brokerage and a board member of Republic Steel and Tennessee Coal and Iron, advised Gates of serious business trouble and asked him to return to the US at once. As the Panic of 1907 began, Schley's brokerage had become short of money and it was necessary for him to obtain large loans to try to keep the brokerage solvent. Schley offered some US$6 million shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company as part of the collateral for the loans.[57][m] Oakleigh Thorne was the president of the Trust Company of America bank and also a member of the Gates coalition. Thorne believed his bank was in sound financial condition until a New York Times article stated otherwise. Thorne told reporters that if he paid off every depositor, he would still have US$4 million in assets. When the clearing house run by J. P. Morgan audited the bank's books, they found the bank was sound, but were quite interested in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock they found and indicated that the stock was not acceptable to them as security.[58][59][n][o]
Morgan proposed to buy Tennessee Coal and Iron to "rescue" all involved with the company. He outlined a plan whereby U. S. Steel would change its second mortgage bonds for Tennessee Coal and Iron stock.[p] Because the U. S. Steel bonds were acceptable to the clearing house, they would be able to be used for the debts. It was suggested that President Theodore Roosevelt be consulted before such action was taken. Roosevelt was given only an outline of the issue; he was never told which institution would fail without U. S. Steel's takeover of Tennessee Coal and Iron. Roosevelt wrote a note to his Attorney General stating he had not learned the name of the troubled business, but felt that he should not object to this occurrence.[62]
The New York Times, however, printed its amazement that Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks were not acceptable to the clearing house and that the Trust Company of America was deemed insolvent when it had more than enough assets to cover all deposits. The newspaper concluded that U. S. Steel wanted to take over a serious business competitor and the company was only worried about the Sherman Antitrust Act.[62] All of this had taken place before Gates was able to return to New York; when he was briefed on the situation, he was told that all other members of the coalition had agreed to Morgan's terms. [q] While Gates realized he had no choice but to submit his shares of stock, he insisted that all stockholders were to be treated equally with regard to the rate of exchange of their shares. Though this was promised, those holding smaller amounts of stock were said to have received less compensation for them.[63][r][s]
Aftermath[edit]




The Texas Company docks, Port Arthur, Texas


Gates involved himself in bettering Port Arthur after losing Tennessee Coal and Iron. He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town's business when either flared up. He still had control of the Texas Company and was able to successfully battle Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who would have liked to take over his company's land.[67] In 1909, he was taking his usual summer holiday in Europe when members of the Republican party from the Eastern District of Texas nominated him for Congress. He wired the convention to refuse the nomination, saying that he preferred to participate through his financial contributions.[68] Gates had purchased an animal show and a stable of performing horses with the idea of creating a circus for himself and Port Arthur, when in early 1911, he found a growth in his throat. The growth was malignant and there were times Gates was hardly able to speak.[67][t]
The US Congress was beset with requests to deal with the U. S. Steel Trust as they had done with the Tobacco Trust and Standard Oil. The House of Representatives formed a committee to examine the dealings of Morgan's company. Congressman Augustus Owsley Stanley of Kentucky, was named chairman of the committee; in his long list of persons to subpoena for their testimony the first was John Gates. Gates appeared to give his testimony on May 28, 1911; he was seriously ill and this was evident by how thin and pale he had become. He planned a trip to Paris to consult with doctors there after his testimony. Gates spoke of all of his dealings with J. P. Morgan, from the American Steel and Wire Company to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and to the time when control of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company was wrested from him forcibly. He left for Paris while the committee was still in session. The result of the hearings was an investigation of U. S. Steel and its practices which would last for almost ten years. J. P. Morgan, who held the belief that he had "saved" the country from the Panic of 1907, was disgusted at the "ingratitude" of both the government and the nation's citizens.[70]
Bet A Million[edit]




The Gates brokerage in the Waldorf-Astoria


Gates maintained a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria of New City from 1894 onwards. Though he paid US$30,000 yearly for it, his visits pained the hotel's manager, George Boldt, at times. Gates and his guests were often loud and boisterous.[7][71] He had a private entrance and elevator, but Gates had a habit of banging on the elevator doors and shouting for service. Boldt instructed his elevator operators to take their time when serving his floor, as it allowed Gates to make as much noise as he wished for a few minutes.[7][72][73] Gates' suite was often home to high-stakes poker parties and Baccarat games. Many poker games began on the train from Chicago to New York and were continued at the Waldorf. One poker game lasted for five days and nights; when it was done at least US$2 million had changed hands.[74] Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them. Gates made it a practice to keep some unset diamonds in his vest pocket for the times when Dellora became angry about the late hours at cards. He would then present a gem to his wife, who would suddenly forget her anger with him. Dellora would take the diamond to Tiffany & Co. to be set in a piece of jewelry of her choice.[75]
In 1900, Gates won $600,000 on a $70,000 bet on a horse race in England, exaggerated at over $1 million, which conferred on him the nickname "Bet-A-Million".[76] The Waldorf's Oscar Tschirky recalled that Gates did not like the nickname, but did little to repudiate the claims as he would bet on practically everything. Oscar recalled a rainy afternoon in the Waldorf's Oak Room as Gates and two associates watched raindrops trickle down the windows. Gates remarked that the drops did not move down the window at the same speed. One of Gates' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him. Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first. His associate took him up on the bet and before Gates' raindrop had won the race, the bets had changed from hundreds of dollars to thousands.[77] Gates believed that all life was a gamble; a farmer gambled that he would have a successful harvest when planting crops, a merchant gambled that customers would buy items when ordering stock and a traveler gambled on arriving safely when setting out on a journey.[78]
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States. In 1902, he attended the American Derby at Chicago's Washington Park Race Track, favoring Wyeth, the horse of an associate. When Wyeth won, Gates had profited close to US $100,000. At yet another race, Gates won US$650,000 from his large bets. The Jockey Club president, August Belmont, Jr., asked Gates to limit his bets to US$10,000, as such large wagers gave the impression that the races were not honest ones.[54] Outside of his own hotel suite, Gates' favorite spot in New York City was the gambling establishment opened by Richard Canfield in 1898. The club was at 5 East 44th Street. Delmonico's was next door and provided catering to the club's guests. When there or at Canfield's Saratoga clubhouse, Gates' favored game was faro which he had learned while selling barbed wire in Texas.[79]
Gates set up a brokerage office in the hotel's main lobby for his son, Charlie, and an experienced stockbroker.[72] He speculated on Wall Street from there. In early 1907, when Gates realized that the market would be headed for a sharp downturn, he closed the offices of Charles G. Gates and Company, announcing he was done with Wall Street for good.[80] Gates also changed his New York residence in May of the same year. He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza.[49]
Death and legacy[edit]




Gates funeral in 1911 in Manhattan



Gates Memorial Library, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor.[81][3][31][82] His funeral was held on August 23, 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel.[83][84] Gates' mourners had come from all parts of the country; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services. A large delegation arrived from Texas, where Gates had done much for the city of Port Arthur.[85][84]
The city of Port Arthur held its own memorial service on the same day Gates was buried. Flags were lowered to half staff and from noon until 6pm all businesses in Port Arthur were closed; the city's docks and refineries also stopped their operations during this time to honor Port Arthur's benefactor.[86][87] While Gates left the bulk of his estate to his wife and son, he inserted a clause in his will that prohibited his family from selling any of his securities until ten years after his death. Gates is said to have included the clause in his will to protect friends who had invested with him from these securities being sold soon after his death.[88][84] Gates' estate was valued at between US$40 and US$50 million.[89] He was buried in the family mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.[90][u]
The Gates Memorial Library in Port Arthur was funded by his widow and donated to the city in 1918.[3] Originally the city's public library, Gates Memorial now serves as the campus library for Lamar State College–Port Arthur. It was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.[93] In 1971, Gates was honored with a state historical marker at the site of his Military Plaza barbed wire demonstration in San Antonio.[94]

Notes[edit]


^ George Gates ran away to enlist in the Union army in 1861. He was 16 at the time he enlisted. George was killed in action in 1864.[4]
^ His brother, Gilbert, set out with a team and wagon bound for California in the 1870. He was traveling there for health reasons, and became friendly with a man named Alexander Jester, who asked to travel with him. When Gilbert Gates' body was found the next day, Jester had disappeared with the team of horses and the wagon. Asel Gates hired detectives in an effort to find his son's killer. Jester was finally arrested in Mexico, Missouri. Asel Gates traveled to the town to confront Jester, but he escaped from the local jail on the day the elder Gates arrived there.[5] Gates never gave up the search for his brother's murderer, but it was 30 years before he had any substantial clues. Jester's sister became angry with him and wrote a letter to John Gates, saying that Jester was living with her and that he had confessed to her that he murdered Gilbert Gates. Jester was 80 years old when he went to trial but was ultimately acquitted.[6][7]
^ Gates never forgot the false accusation. Thirty years later, when he was a very wealthy man, he was asked to contribute to the building fund for a new Methodist church in West Chicago. The false accusation was still vivid in Gates' memory and he refused to give one cent toward a new church building.[9]
^ Because of the times, Gates was only able to give the minister US$5.00 for performing his marriage ceremony. He met Reverend Foster again in 1909 and apologized for not being able to give the clergyman more at the time of the marriage. Saying he was paying some of the interest he owed on the debt, Gates gave Reverend Foster a US$100 dollar bill.[17]
^ Mary Gates realized she had a connection to Joseph Glidden, the patent holder. She was related to his wife, Lucinda. Gates' mother wrote a letter to Lucinda Glidden asking that her son be interviewed for a salesman's job.[21]
^ Isaac Ellwood continued to pursue the matter even after the Southern Wire Company moved to Illinois. Gates, his wife and son, had relocated to St. Louis after he went into business with Alfred Clifford. The family was returning to St. Louis after a visit with family in Turner Junction when Gates caught sight of two suspicious looking men. He knew they were process servers and told his wife to hurry and get on the train. Dellora and Charlie jumped on a coach car while Gates ran with the two men after him. Gates was able to find an open boxcar and jump in; he hid there until the two process servers gave up their search for him. He jumped on the last car of the train his wife and son were already on as it was pulling out of the station.[26]
^ Before the merger was finalized, Morgan kept in regular contact with Gates. When Gates was not named to the US Steel board of directors, it was a surprise to everyone but Morgan.[36]
^ J. P. Morgan was a member of both clubs.[39]
^ The United States Realty Company was also the builder of New York's Plaza Hotel.[49]
^ Some local trouble makers decided to threaten the waiters; the entire wait staff was ready to quit when Gates arrived one morning, because they were afraid. Gates asked his waiters to stay where they were and then sent his valet to his home for a rifle. While he waited for the rifle, Gates tried speaking to both groups. When the rifle arrived, Gates grabbed it and shouted. "Now, by God, I'll shoot the first man who tries to go and I'll shoot the first sonofabitch who tries to make him go!" The trouble making crowd dispersed; the waiters stayed and were no longer troubled by threats.[50]
^ Some ten years later, it was said that the company was a very poor investment, as its shares of common stock had not produced a cent of dividends in all that time.[52]
^ August Belmont, Jr. previously had words with Gates about the size of hie horse racing bets.[54]
^ This was not in keeping with the pledge made to Gates and the other coalition members; they had all agreed not to dispose of the company's stocks and not to use them for speculation.[57]
^ No answer was provided as to why no Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock was acceptable to Morgan's clearing house. The company was valued at US$100 million: its stock had a par value of US$100 per share. Tennessee Coal and Iron had been operating at peak capacity through that summer; many U. S. Steel plants had been idled and its common stock had dropped from 47 1/2 to 24 1/2.[60]
^ Grant Schley was once more pressured for payment. He again offered his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock as collateral and was told it would not be accepted by Morgan's clearing house. Schley was also told that if his brokerage failed, Oakleigh Thorne's Trust Company of America bank would also fail.[61]
^ The U. S. Steel second mortgage bonds were quoted at 84, while shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron were valued at 134.[62]
^ One of Gates' associates remarked that Tennessee Coal and Iron stock withstood the panic and had never been quoted lower than US$140 a share. He went on to say that the panic was used as a ruse to get control of the company.[63]
^ J. P. Morgan was initially hailed as a hero for putting an end to the panic. A few months later, the newspapers were writing different stories about the incident. It was acknowledged that what was done with Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks was a bold violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Financial expert John Moody wrote that if the panic was ended by this transaction, it was ended by "taking a few million from one pocket and putting millions into another".[64] Morgan's associates were accused of lying to Roosevelt about the issue being serious enough to affect the United States; Roosevelt was chided for believing the lie. Roosevelt continued to state he believed the issue was serious enough to affect the nation. However, he would not release reports about the matter which were drawn by both the Bureau of Corporations and the Department of Justice. Senator Charles Allen Culberson introduced a measure in the US Senate demanding the release of this information. When Roosevelt countered that Congress had no power to impel the Executive Branch of the US government to release information it had collected for its own use, the Senate chose to investigate Roosevelt's Attorney General for failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act when it came to U. S. Steel. The resolution was approved, but Roosevelt still refused to release the reports, claiming they were "nobody's damn business". The committee chose to continue the investigation without the reports.[65]
^ The New York Times continued to follow the story and printed in a January 1909 edition that a certain New York banker would testify that Tennessee Coal and Iron was a stable company with "gilt-edged" stock values and that Roosevelt had been misled. Hearings began on January 28 behind closed doors, but reporters were able to determine enough of the events that took place to file news stories. Oakleigh Thorne testified that his bank was not helped by the actions of Morgan; stock broker Grant Schley said his brokerage could have been assisted without demanding his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock. Morgan's representative was both evasive and forgetful when questioned. Roosevelt, who was in the process of leaving office, was not censured for his actions because the Senate Committee was deadlocked, 6-6, on this question.[66] The New York Times wrote: "If the president had been less dear to Americans, it is likely there would have been such reluctance to revise his discretion in a difficult case. This is an example of saying one man can steal while another is sent to jail for looking over the fence. The verdict is :Not Guilty-but don't do it again.[66] Public ire about J. P. Morgan and U. S. Steel's role in the events of 1907 did not diminish when the Senate hearing was ended in early 1909.[67]
^ Gates and his group of investors had previously provided the funding for New York's Luna Park and its Hippodrome.[69]
^ Gates' son, Charlie, died in his sleep in his private railroad car while in Cody, Wyoming on October 20, 1913.[91] Dellora Gates continued to live in the Plaza Hotel apartment she had shared with her husband. On November 28, 1918, she died suddenly in her suite there. She and Charlie are also buried in the Gates mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery.[91] Dellora's brother, Edward J. Baker, and niece, Dellora Agnell Norris, inherited the Gates fortune.[92]


References[edit]


^ "John Warne Gates". Texas State Historical Association. p. 1. Retrieved Jan 8, 2016. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 17.
^ a b c d e f g h "John Warne Gates". Texas Handbook Online. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 18.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 18-19.
^ "Proof in Jester Case". Chicago Tribune. October 13, 1899. p. 2. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b c "Stories Told Of the Life of John W. Gates". The Parsons Daily Sun. September 29, 1911. p. 5. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 22-23.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 23-24.
^ Wendt and Kogan & 11948, p. 24.
^ a b "Passing of John W. Gates Removes Most Interesting Of America's Financiers". The Oregon Daily Journal. August 13, 1911. p. 56. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-24-25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 25-26.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 26-28.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 28-51.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 31-32.
^ "History of barbed wire". Ellwood House and Museum. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2010-12-19. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 33-49.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 53-64.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 62-65.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 68-69.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 70.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 136-173.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-73.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-89.
^ a b "J. W. Gates Dead. Ill For Months In Paris.". New York Times. August 9, 1911. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ Wenst and Logan 1948, pp. 79-80.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 96-101.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 148-155.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 194-196.
^ Owen, O. A. (March 1928). "Promoters I Have Known". The Bookman: 36. Retrieved August 7, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 211-218.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 237-241.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 244.
^ Wednt and Kogan, 1948 & p244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 245.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 207-210.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 203-206.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 294-295.
^ Wednt and Logan 1948, p. 301.
^ Homans 1918, p. 62.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ Wenst and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 278-279.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 301-302.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp247-249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 256-258.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 241-243.
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-258-264.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 275-276.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 280-282.
^ Wemdt and Kogan 1948, pp. 282-283.
^ Bruner and Carr 2007, pp. 87-88.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 283-284.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 284-295.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 285-289.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 287-290.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 304.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 304-306.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 306-308.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 308-311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 302.
^ Casson, Herbert N. (October 1906). "The Romance of Steel and Iron in America". Munsey's Magazine: 92. Retrieved August 3, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 311-326.
^ Morehouse III 1991, pp. 22-23.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 201.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 243-244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 227-230.
^ Schriftgiesser 1942, p. 118.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 180-181.
^ Schriftgiesser 1943, p. 116.
^ Marcasson, Isaac F. (April 1913). "The Passing of the Plunger". Munsey's Magazine: 11. Retrieved August 7, 2015.  (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 224-227.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 272-278.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 326.
^ "Gates Paris Funeral Held". Chicago Tribune. August 13, 1911. p. 9. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 327-328.
^ a b c "Mourners Came From Many States". The Cincinnati Enquirer. August 24, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ "At Port Arthur". The Houston Post. August 23, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 328-329.
^ "Gates Family Mausoleum". Woodlawn Cemetery. Retrieved March 14, 2015. 
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 330.
^ Szymczak, Patricia M. (January 15, 1989). "The Legacy". Chicago Tribune. p. T-1. Retrieved May 8, 2015. Note that the link takes the reader to page 2 of the paper, scroll up to page 1 to read the source material. 
^ "Gates Memorial Library". Lamar State University. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 13, 2015. 
^ "Marker Placed To Honor Barbed Wire Inventor". The Mexia Daily news. August 3, 1971. p. 2. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  


Bibliography[edit]


Homans, James E. (1918). The Cyclopedia of American biography Volume VIII. The Press Association Compilers Inc. 
Bruner, Robert F.; Carr, Sean D. (2007). The Panic of 1907: Lessons Learned from the Market's Perfect Storm. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-15263-8. 
Morehouse III, Ward (1991). The Waldorf Astoria: America's Gilded Dream. Xlibris, Corp. ISBN 978-1413465044. 
Schriftgiesser, Karl (1943). Oscar of the Waldorf. E. P. Dutton & Co. 
Wendt, Lloyd; Kogan, Herman (1948). Bet a million! The story of John W. Gates. Bobbs-Merrill. 


External links[edit]

1940 biography of John W. Gates, accessed April 1, 2006
John Warne Gates at Find a Grave




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40679143
LCCN: n80113088










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Warne_Gates&oldid=784162350"					
Categories: 1855 births1911 deaths19th-century American businesspeoplePeople from Port Arthur, TexasTexaco peopleNorth Central College alumniPeople from Winfield, IllinoisBusinesspeople from ChicagoBurials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx)Texas RepublicansPeople from West Chicago, IllinoisHidden categories: Good articlesFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 20:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Warne Gates - Wikipedia






















 







John Warne Gates

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John W. Gates" redirects here. For the New York politician, see John W. Gates (New York).




Gates circa 1900


John Warne Gates (May 18, 1855 – August 9, 1911), also known as "Bet-a-Million" Gates, was an American Gilded Age industrialist, who was a pioneer promoter of barbed wire. He was born and raised in what is now West Chicago, Illinois. He did not enjoy farm life and began offering neighbors various business propositions at an early age, including the sale of firewood to homes and to the local railroad. When he started a local grain brokerage that failed, Gates began spending time at the local railroad station and became reacquainted with the men he previously sold firewood to. He was invited to join their poker games and through this, Gates' aptitude for cards and other games of chance was developed.
After studying penmanship, bookkeeping and business law in North Central College (by then Northwestern College),[1] he failed as an owner of a local hardware store. Gates became interested in barbed wire and became a salesman for the Washburn-Moen Company. When he was assigned to the Texas sales territory, he learned that ranchers were adamant about not buying his product. Gates staged a demonstration of the wire in San Antonio's Military Plaza with charging cattle failing to break the barbed wire fences he had set up. He then proved very successful in selling the company's product, and went on to start his own barbed wire manufacturing business, which eventually led to the production of steel. In the process, his company was purchased by J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Gates was not invited to become part of the company, and he fought back at Morgan for many years through a series of business acquisitions and sales; both men were key figures in the Panic of 1907.
Gates was the president of Republic Steel and of the Texas Company, later known as Texaco. He was instrumental in changing the steel industry's production methods from the Bessemer process to the open hearth process and in building the city of Port Arthur, Texas.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early years
1.2 Marriage and early business ventures
1.3 The barbed wire and steel business
1.4 Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas

1.4.1 Port Arthur


1.5 The steel industry and dashed hopes

1.5.1 The Panic of 1907
1.5.2 Aftermath




2 Bet A Million
3 Death and legacy
4 Notes
5 References
6 Bibliography
7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early years[edit]
Gates was born in West Chicago, Illinois (then known as Turner Junction) on May 18, 1855. He was the son of Asel A. and Mary Warne Gates.[2] Gates had two older brothers, George and Gilbert, but both had died by the time he was 15 years old.[3][a][b] While Gates was raised in a religious household, his mother, Mary, became more religious after the deaths of her two older sons. Because he had been involved in some harmless childhood mischief in both grammar and Sunday School, he was accused of stealing a collection at the Sunday School. He was barred from attending church as a result.[8][c]
Gates was raised on the family's farm, but did not care for farm life. At an early age, he entered into his first business proposition: to husk a neighbor's corn.[3] His next business venture was to clear some land of timber for another neighbor. Gates earned US$1,000 for this job, selling the timber as firewood to homes and to the railroad.[10] Gates then took the money from this labor and bought a half interest in a threshing machine. As this type of equipment was very new at the time, few farms owned one, so Gates and his partner hired themselves out to work with it at various local farms. After one season, Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.[11] Gates then set himself up as a local grain broker, doing business from the family's home. This business venture was a failure; in an effort to escape farm work, he took to spending time at the railroad depot where he had previously sold firewood. The railroad men remembered him and now asked him to join their poker games. Gates found he had an aptitude for the game and for anticipating the cards men held and how they would play them. With the grain brokerage now forgotten, he was able to make up the losses at the card table.[12]
While attending a house party near St. Charles, he met and fell in love with a farmer's daughter, Dellora Baker. Gates proposed to her at one of the house parties. Dellora was willing to accept Gates' proposal, but wondered how he would be able to provide for a wife, as his only income came from winning at the railroad poker games.[13][3] When his father discovered Gates in a poker game with some railroad men in the family's barn, Asel told his son he was no good and would never be any good. Only Mary's mediation stopped her son from leaving home. With the realization that he needed more education than grammar school had provided, he announced to his parents that he would be enrolling in some local college classes.[14] Gates attended some courses at nearby Wheaton College and graduated from North Central College in 1876.[3][15] He had little opportunity to put his new business education to work, as the financial Panic of 1873 began just as he was completing his college work. In order to be able to marry Dellora, Gates accepted every type of job he could get for the next year; most of them were for farm work. Gates and Dellora were married on February 25, 1874.[16][d]
Marriage and early business ventures[edit]
Gates tried to revive to his grain brokerage business but lost all his savings through it. When the couple's first child was stillborn, Gates returned to his old pattern of playing poker and thought seriously about leaving town with Dellora. With this knowledge, Mary Gates told her husband he needed to help his son financially so he could start a new business. Gates' father-in-law, Ed Baker, had already offered to help his daughter and son in law in this way. Asel purchased a two-story brick building and Ed Baker provided the capital for stock to open a hardware store in Turner Junction.[15][18] At first the business went well; Gates and Dellora were able to move into their own home. Gates began taking time away from the hardware store and while his partner tried to handle all the business, he was not able to.[19] A son, Charles Gilbert Gates, was born to Gates and Dellora on May 21, 1876. Gates began to complain of various ailments soon after the baby's birth; at times, he would take to his bed for some days with them. Business at the hardware store had become so bad, Gates was not able to afford the rent on the family's home. They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store, with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing.[19]
While at the hardware store, Gates met a salesman who was in the barbed wire business. As a result, Gates became interested in the relatively new product. When he announced his intentions to sell his interest in the hardware store and become a traveling salesman for the product, his wife and mother were both in favor of the plan.[20][e] He made a trip to San Antonio, Texas in 1876 where Isaac Ellwood hired him as a salesman for the Washburn-Moen barbed wire company. After being assigned to work in Texas, Gates quickly learned that while he found friends and poker playing companions, when it came to selling barbed wire, ranchers were not buying. After watching a medicine show proprietor stage an elaborate presentation for his wares and noting that people fought to buy the products sold, Gates decided to have a similar production to demonstrate the merits of barbed wire. In San Antonio's Military Plaza, Gates provoked cattle into charging into a barbed wire fence which did not break. Gates went from not being able to sell his product to not being able to fill orders quickly enough after the demonstration.[22][23]
The barbed wire and steel business[edit]
Upon Ellwood's refusal to grant him a partnership in the company. Gates traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, where in partnership with Alfred Clifford, he started the Southern Wire Company to compete with Washburn-Moen.[3][24] Clifford's equipment to manufacture barbed wire had come from George C. Baker, who had invented a machine for producing barbed wire which was similar but not identical to the one made by Isaac Ellwood. Baker had resisted all attempts by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen to buy him out. Gates and Clifford sold their product at a cheaper price than Washburn-Moen. Before long, Washburn-Moen was losing substantial business to Gates and Clifford's Southern Wire Company.[25]
In an effort to stop the success of the former company salesman, Ellwood and Washburn-Moen filed for an injunction to stop the business of Southern Wire Company. The suit, filed in U. S. District Court, claimed the machines Gates and Clifford used in the production of their product were a direct copy of those used by Washburn-Moen. The suit also called for Gates and Clifford to pay US$100,000 in damages to the company. As they avoided process servers, Gates and Clifford made a plan to save their company. They were able to rent a building in East St. Louis, Illinois and moved their equipment out of the factory and onto a ferryboat after dark. After they crossed the Mississippi River, the machines were out of the jurisdiction of the St. Louis U. S. District Court and were back in business the next day.[25][f] When Clifford and Gates hired an attorney to answer the charges made against them in court, the judge ruled that the manufacturing process used by Southern Wire Company was not an infringement on any patents or machinery owned by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen.[27]




Gates owned the Sydney Kent House at 2944 South Michigan Avenue on Chicago's South Side from 1896 to 1906[28] The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places


After a fire destroyed the Southern Wire Company, Gates gambled on the idea that William Edenborn had not heard the news and approached him for a merger with the idea that Southern Wire would manufacture in Edenborn's now idle barbed wire plant. The new company was known as St. Louis Wire Mill Company.[29] They continued to buy other wire companies and had strong sales. Washburn-Moen went back into court, this time in Des Moines, Iowa, where a federal judge ruled that the machinery created by Baker was an infringement of Washburn-Moen's patents. By this time, Gates had created a syndicate of barbed wire manufacturers who did not produce their wares using Washburn-Moen's methods; the ruling in favor of Washburn-Moen only applied to areas in the jurisdiction of the U. S. Federal Court in Des Moines. Washburn-Moen continued to falter; Isaac Ellwood sent word asking for a meeting with Gates. Ellwood and another key figure with Washburn-Moen, John Lambert, now accepted offers from Gates. The barbed wire legal issues ended with Washburn-Moen selling their patent rights to Gates and his syndicate of wire manufacturers.[30]
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions the company went through various name changes, finally settling on American Steel and Wire Company. Gates and his family moved to Chicago, where they lived for a period of ten years.[31] Chicago attorney Elbert Henry Gary had helped Gates form the syndicate which led to the defeat of Washburn-Moen. Gary was called on again in 1901 to negotiate a merger with J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Though he had provided Gates with some loans and advice in the past, Morgan did not want Gates to be a part of the merged company, saying that there was only a deal without Gates.[32][33][34] Morgan made an offer to Gates for the American Steel and Wire Company, telling him that he was not welcome to take part in the business of U. S. Steel-either as part of management or on the company's board of directors. Morgan continued by saying that if Gates did not accept his offer, U. S. Steel intended to build its own wire production plant.[35][g]
Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas[edit]
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan's snub at the U. S. Steel merger. One month after the deal was completed, he became involved in a struggle between E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad and James J. Hill of the Northern Pacific Railway. Both men sought control of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. Hill, who was financed by J. P. Morgan, needed access to Chicago; Harriman was interested in stopping Hill from obtaining it. Gates saw this as an opportunity to get back at Morgan for his refusal to seat him on the board of U. S. Steel. Along with Harriman, he began buying shares of Northern Pacific stock. When James Hill noted a sudden rise in Northern Pacific stock prices, he traveled to New York to consult with Morgan. Morgan and Hill stopped the sales of the Northern Pacific stock, which remained high while other stocks took steep drops. Those who had been selling short could not obtain enough stock to cover themselves and were faced with large financial losses. It was rumored that Gates was short 60,000 shares of Northern Pacific stock. Gates did not confirm or deny any of the rumors about the railroad stock and would only say that he was doing well.[37]
As Gates continued to search for a way to get back at Morgan for cutting him out of U. S. Steel, he found a vulnerability in Morgan's railroad holdings in 1902 and began buying large numbers of shares in Morgan's Louisville and Nashville Railroad. When it was decided to add another short line to the L&N system, its board of directors voted to issue 50,000 new shares of stock to finance the new line. A clerical error offered the stock for sale before it could be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Gates saw the offering and purchased the shares prior to their listing; he also continued buying all the Louisville and Nashville stock he was able to. Gates had enough shares of the railroad to duplicate the panic that ensued the year before with the Great Northern Railway shares. J. P. Morgan learned of the events in April 1902 and found that Gates now owned more than 51 percent of the Louisville and Nashville's stock. Morgan decided to act to stop another Wall Street panic, and asked what Gates' terms of sale would be. Gates wanted US$150 per share of stock, an offer which Morgan initially rejected. He then dispatched his aide, George Walbridge Perkins, to talk to Gates and make the best possible arrangements. Perkins called on Gates in his Waldorf-Astoria suite at 1:30 am. The deal for the Louisville and Nashville cost Morgan US$43 million, with Gates making a more than US$15 million profit from the transaction.[38]




Oil gusher at Port Arthur, Texas, 1901


After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad incident, Gates found that public opinion had turned against him as a result of it. Gates talked some associates into submitting his son's name for membership in the New York Yacht Club and New York's Union League Club.[h] The application for Charlie Gates went from one desk to another for a number of weeks. When young Gates' name was brought up for a vote, the members of the admissions committee were unanimous in their "no" decision. Gates threatened to sue the club and the members denied his charges of Morgan being behind Charlie Gates' refusal. Gates withdrew Charlie's Yacht Club and Union League Club applications, apparently resigned that his son would not be a member of either society.[40] When he and Dellora traveled to England, the couple wanted to stay at Claridge's, as they had done in 1900. Claridge's refused to accept their registration as Gates was now on the hotel's list of undesirables.[41]
Pattillo Higgins had begun a well on Spindletop in 1900, but ran out of money to continue drilling for oil. Higgins went to Gates for funds to continue; Gates obliged and founded The Texas Company, later known as Texaco. His investment entitled Gates to 46 percent of the company's stock.[3] When Spindletop came in the next year, Gates was already in control of Port Arthur's docks, its refinery and the railroad needed to get the oil to market.[42]

Port Arthur[edit]




Home of John W. Gates in Port Arthur, Texas



Mary Gates Memorial Hospital, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates became influential in the development of the city of Port Arthur, Texas when he took over the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in December 1899 after he forced it into bankruptcy along with its previous owner and Port Arthur founder Arthur Edward Stilwell.[43] Gates built a winter home in the city and contributed much to its development. After Gates became the owner of the Port Arthur Canal and Dock Company, he held the asset for a time; in 1906 he gave the canal to the US government under the condition that Port Arthur would be named an international port of entry. Gates founded the first bank, built a rice mill and established the Port Arthur Light, Power and Ice Company. When he decided to make Port Arthur his permanent residence in 1908, the town held a celebration.[44] After Mary Gates died while on a visit to her son and his family in December 1908, Gates built Mary Gates Hospital to honor her memory.[45][46] He was also a large contributor to Port Arthur Business College, and built a model farm to give the city a source of fresh dairy products.[47]




John W. Gates model farm, Port Arthur, Texas



Port Arthur's Plaza Hotel in 1909




After Port Arthur's Hotel Sabine burned to the ground in 1904, Gates decided that the city needed a good hotel to replace it. In 1909, he proposed to build another, called the Plaza, on the site the Hotel Sabine had once occupied. Gates could have easily afforded to finance the entire cost of the new hotel, but he wanted Port Arthur's residents to have an equal share in the venture. Gates held local meetings and was happy to discuss the project or take pledges for the building fund at any time. After the pledges of local businessmen had reached US$150,000, Gates donated the remaining US$150,000, and the project began to be built by United States Realty Company.[48][i]
Gates took great pleasure in watching the Plaza Hotel take shape. He was a daily visitor to the construction site as the Spanish mission style building was erected. When the hotel was opened, Gates held a special "billion dollar banquet" on November 15, 1909; his guests were men who owned railroads, Texas Company board members, and other successful men in business. Port Arthur had never seen so many wealthy and powerful men and residents were impressed by the sight of them. Gates served as the hotel's manager in the first few weeks it was in operation. He hired African-Americans as waiters; this was considered to be very bold, as African-Americans were barred from living and working in the city at the time.[50][j]

The steel industry and dashed hopes[edit]
Gates continued to have hopes of being able to take on J. P. Morgan again-this time with a rival steel trust. After the sale of his Louisville and Nashville Railroad stocks to Morgan in 1902, Gates quietly began buying shares of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. He and his associates easily owned more than 50 percent of the company's stock shares, but the company's owner and founder, John C. Osgood, claimed the shares were not valid. Osgood said that while the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, any transfer of the shares without his signature and approval, made them invalid. He went on to say that because of their invalidity, those who held shares of the company's stock without them, were not eligible to attend the annual stockholders' meeting. Osgood was upheld in this opinion by the company's board of directors.[51]
Determined to attend the meeting, Gates hired a special train to get to the meeting in Denver. John Osgood was prepared for Gates' arrival. He had obtained a Circuit Court injunction barring Gates and his associates from attending the meeting; the doors of Colorado Fuel and Iron were guarded by sheriff's deputies armed with shotguns. Gates was angry about being refused entry to the meeting, but he became enraged when he learned he was described in the local Circuit Court as a "high roller and a gambler". Gates returned to New York to try utilizing the Federal Court system there. As the legal wrangles continued, the stock of the company began dropping in value; during this time Gates lost US$3 million, but still was unsure of his legal status with Colorado Fuel and Iron. Osgood announced he was willing to meet Gates halfway, but Gates declined the offer. He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due. Apparently feeling that a long battle was not worth it, Gates gave up the fight some weeks later and sold the shares, which eventually wound up with the Rockefeller family.[51][k]




Tennessee Coal and Iron Company's furnace at Ensley, Alabama, circa 1906


Once more, Gates planned to get back into the steel industry. In 1903, he began buying shares of Republic Steel. Its two main competitors were in the US South-Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company, and the Sloss-Sheffield Iron and Steel Company in Alabama. All three were able to use inexpensive Southern iron ore to produce quality steel with the open hearth process, making the price of the steel produced with it cheaper. The minerals needed for the open hearth process were readily found in Alabama. Gates envisioned bringing Republic, Tennessee Coal and Iron and Sloss-Sheffield together into a steel trust to challenge J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. When August Belmont, Jr. resigned his seat on Republic's board to concentrate on consolidating the New York transit system, Gates was elected to fill Belmont's seat.[53][l]
Gates found two like-minded members of the board when he began talking about consolidating the three steel companies. One was L. C. Hanna, the brother of Mark Hanna; the other was Grant Schley, who had a Wall Street brokerage. Gates now began purchasing shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron in preparation of the consolidation. In January 1905 he was ready to outline his plan to potential members of the trust, with the exception of Republic's president, A. W. Thompson. When Thompson was advised of the scheme, he declared there would be no such trust with Republic as a member; when put to a formal vote, Republic's board members voted down the idea of joining a trust. During this time, Gates was able to purchase enough shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron to give him a controlling interest in the company.[55]
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill. His assessment of the open-hearth process for steel production was confirmed by a report from the US Bureau of Corporations. The report stated that an agent for U. S. Steel and a large railroad affiliated with J. P. Morgan pronounced the rails produced by the open-hearth process to be twice as good at those made by the Bessemer process, which was used by U. S. Steel. The report went on to praise Gates and his competitiveness.[56]
The Panic of 1907[edit]
In 1907, Gates took his usual summer holiday in Europe. Upon arriving in Paris, he was met with an urgent cablegram from Grant Schley. Schley, the owner of a brokerage and a board member of Republic Steel and Tennessee Coal and Iron, advised Gates of serious business trouble and asked him to return to the US at once. As the Panic of 1907 began, Schley's brokerage had become short of money and it was necessary for him to obtain large loans to try to keep the brokerage solvent. Schley offered some US$6 million shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company as part of the collateral for the loans.[57][m] Oakleigh Thorne was the president of the Trust Company of America bank and also a member of the Gates coalition. Thorne believed his bank was in sound financial condition until a New York Times article stated otherwise. Thorne told reporters that if he paid off every depositor, he would still have US$4 million in assets. When the clearing house run by J. P. Morgan audited the bank's books, they found the bank was sound, but were quite interested in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock they found and indicated that the stock was not acceptable to them as security.[58][59][n][o]
Morgan proposed to buy Tennessee Coal and Iron to "rescue" all involved with the company. He outlined a plan whereby U. S. Steel would change its second mortgage bonds for Tennessee Coal and Iron stock.[p] Because the U. S. Steel bonds were acceptable to the clearing house, they would be able to be used for the debts. It was suggested that President Theodore Roosevelt be consulted before such action was taken. Roosevelt was given only an outline of the issue; he was never told which institution would fail without U. S. Steel's takeover of Tennessee Coal and Iron. Roosevelt wrote a note to his Attorney General stating he had not learned the name of the troubled business, but felt that he should not object to this occurrence.[62]
The New York Times, however, printed its amazement that Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks were not acceptable to the clearing house and that the Trust Company of America was deemed insolvent when it had more than enough assets to cover all deposits. The newspaper concluded that U. S. Steel wanted to take over a serious business competitor and the company was only worried about the Sherman Antitrust Act.[62] All of this had taken place before Gates was able to return to New York; when he was briefed on the situation, he was told that all other members of the coalition had agreed to Morgan's terms. [q] While Gates realized he had no choice but to submit his shares of stock, he insisted that all stockholders were to be treated equally with regard to the rate of exchange of their shares. Though this was promised, those holding smaller amounts of stock were said to have received less compensation for them.[63][r][s]
Aftermath[edit]




The Texas Company docks, Port Arthur, Texas


Gates involved himself in bettering Port Arthur after losing Tennessee Coal and Iron. He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town's business when either flared up. He still had control of the Texas Company and was able to successfully battle Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who would have liked to take over his company's land.[67] In 1909, he was taking his usual summer holiday in Europe when members of the Republican party from the Eastern District of Texas nominated him for Congress. He wired the convention to refuse the nomination, saying that he preferred to participate through his financial contributions.[68] Gates had purchased an animal show and a stable of performing horses with the idea of creating a circus for himself and Port Arthur, when in early 1911, he found a growth in his throat. The growth was malignant and there were times Gates was hardly able to speak.[67][t]
The US Congress was beset with requests to deal with the U. S. Steel Trust as they had done with the Tobacco Trust and Standard Oil. The House of Representatives formed a committee to examine the dealings of Morgan's company. Congressman Augustus Owsley Stanley of Kentucky, was named chairman of the committee; in his long list of persons to subpoena for their testimony the first was John Gates. Gates appeared to give his testimony on May 28, 1911; he was seriously ill and this was evident by how thin and pale he had become. He planned a trip to Paris to consult with doctors there after his testimony. Gates spoke of all of his dealings with J. P. Morgan, from the American Steel and Wire Company to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and to the time when control of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company was wrested from him forcibly. He left for Paris while the committee was still in session. The result of the hearings was an investigation of U. S. Steel and its practices which would last for almost ten years. J. P. Morgan, who held the belief that he had "saved" the country from the Panic of 1907, was disgusted at the "ingratitude" of both the government and the nation's citizens.[70]
Bet A Million[edit]




The Gates brokerage in the Waldorf-Astoria


Gates maintained a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria of New City from 1894 onwards. Though he paid US$30,000 yearly for it, his visits pained the hotel's manager, George Boldt, at times. Gates and his guests were often loud and boisterous.[7][71] He had a private entrance and elevator, but Gates had a habit of banging on the elevator doors and shouting for service. Boldt instructed his elevator operators to take their time when serving his floor, as it allowed Gates to make as much noise as he wished for a few minutes.[7][72][73] Gates' suite was often home to high-stakes poker parties and Baccarat games. Many poker games began on the train from Chicago to New York and were continued at the Waldorf. One poker game lasted for five days and nights; when it was done at least US$2 million had changed hands.[74] Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them. Gates made it a practice to keep some unset diamonds in his vest pocket for the times when Dellora became angry about the late hours at cards. He would then present a gem to his wife, who would suddenly forget her anger with him. Dellora would take the diamond to Tiffany & Co. to be set in a piece of jewelry of her choice.[75]
In 1900, Gates won $600,000 on a $70,000 bet on a horse race in England, exaggerated at over $1 million, which conferred on him the nickname "Bet-A-Million".[76] The Waldorf's Oscar Tschirky recalled that Gates did not like the nickname, but did little to repudiate the claims as he would bet on practically everything. Oscar recalled a rainy afternoon in the Waldorf's Oak Room as Gates and two associates watched raindrops trickle down the windows. Gates remarked that the drops did not move down the window at the same speed. One of Gates' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him. Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first. His associate took him up on the bet and before Gates' raindrop had won the race, the bets had changed from hundreds of dollars to thousands.[77] Gates believed that all life was a gamble; a farmer gambled that he would have a successful harvest when planting crops, a merchant gambled that customers would buy items when ordering stock and a traveler gambled on arriving safely when setting out on a journey.[78]
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States. In 1902, he attended the American Derby at Chicago's Washington Park Race Track, favoring Wyeth, the horse of an associate. When Wyeth won, Gates had profited close to US $100,000. At yet another race, Gates won US$650,000 from his large bets. The Jockey Club president, August Belmont, Jr., asked Gates to limit his bets to US$10,000, as such large wagers gave the impression that the races were not honest ones.[54] Outside of his own hotel suite, Gates' favorite spot in New York City was the gambling establishment opened by Richard Canfield in 1898. The club was at 5 East 44th Street. Delmonico's was next door and provided catering to the club's guests. When there or at Canfield's Saratoga clubhouse, Gates' favored game was faro which he had learned while selling barbed wire in Texas.[79]
Gates set up a brokerage office in the hotel's main lobby for his son, Charlie, and an experienced stockbroker.[72] He speculated on Wall Street from there. In early 1907, when Gates realized that the market would be headed for a sharp downturn, he closed the offices of Charles G. Gates and Company, announcing he was done with Wall Street for good.[80] Gates also changed his New York residence in May of the same year. He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza.[49]
Death and legacy[edit]




Gates funeral in 1911 in Manhattan



Gates Memorial Library, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor.[81][3][31][82] His funeral was held on August 23, 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel.[83][84] Gates' mourners had come from all parts of the country; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services. A large delegation arrived from Texas, where Gates had done much for the city of Port Arthur.[85][84]
The city of Port Arthur held its own memorial service on the same day Gates was buried. Flags were lowered to half staff and from noon until 6pm all businesses in Port Arthur were closed; the city's docks and refineries also stopped their operations during this time to honor Port Arthur's benefactor.[86][87] While Gates left the bulk of his estate to his wife and son, he inserted a clause in his will that prohibited his family from selling any of his securities until ten years after his death. Gates is said to have included the clause in his will to protect friends who had invested with him from these securities being sold soon after his death.[88][84] Gates' estate was valued at between US$40 and US$50 million.[89] He was buried in the family mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.[90][u]
The Gates Memorial Library in Port Arthur was funded by his widow and donated to the city in 1918.[3] Originally the city's public library, Gates Memorial now serves as the campus library for Lamar State College–Port Arthur. It was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.[93] In 1971, Gates was honored with a state historical marker at the site of his Military Plaza barbed wire demonstration in San Antonio.[94]

Notes[edit]


^ George Gates ran away to enlist in the Union army in 1861. He was 16 at the time he enlisted. George was killed in action in 1864.[4]
^ His brother, Gilbert, set out with a team and wagon bound for California in the 1870. He was traveling there for health reasons, and became friendly with a man named Alexander Jester, who asked to travel with him. When Gilbert Gates' body was found the next day, Jester had disappeared with the team of horses and the wagon. Asel Gates hired detectives in an effort to find his son's killer. Jester was finally arrested in Mexico, Missouri. Asel Gates traveled to the town to confront Jester, but he escaped from the local jail on the day the elder Gates arrived there.[5] Gates never gave up the search for his brother's murderer, but it was 30 years before he had any substantial clues. Jester's sister became angry with him and wrote a letter to John Gates, saying that Jester was living with her and that he had confessed to her that he murdered Gilbert Gates. Jester was 80 years old when he went to trial but was ultimately acquitted.[6][7]
^ Gates never forgot the false accusation. Thirty years later, when he was a very wealthy man, he was asked to contribute to the building fund for a new Methodist church in West Chicago. The false accusation was still vivid in Gates' memory and he refused to give one cent toward a new church building.[9]
^ Because of the times, Gates was only able to give the minister US$5.00 for performing his marriage ceremony. He met Reverend Foster again in 1909 and apologized for not being able to give the clergyman more at the time of the marriage. Saying he was paying some of the interest he owed on the debt, Gates gave Reverend Foster a US$100 dollar bill.[17]
^ Mary Gates realized she had a connection to Joseph Glidden, the patent holder. She was related to his wife, Lucinda. Gates' mother wrote a letter to Lucinda Glidden asking that her son be interviewed for a salesman's job.[21]
^ Isaac Ellwood continued to pursue the matter even after the Southern Wire Company moved to Illinois. Gates, his wife and son, had relocated to St. Louis after he went into business with Alfred Clifford. The family was returning to St. Louis after a visit with family in Turner Junction when Gates caught sight of two suspicious looking men. He knew they were process servers and told his wife to hurry and get on the train. Dellora and Charlie jumped on a coach car while Gates ran with the two men after him. Gates was able to find an open boxcar and jump in; he hid there until the two process servers gave up their search for him. He jumped on the last car of the train his wife and son were already on as it was pulling out of the station.[26]
^ Before the merger was finalized, Morgan kept in regular contact with Gates. When Gates was not named to the US Steel board of directors, it was a surprise to everyone but Morgan.[36]
^ J. P. Morgan was a member of both clubs.[39]
^ The United States Realty Company was also the builder of New York's Plaza Hotel.[49]
^ Some local trouble makers decided to threaten the waiters; the entire wait staff was ready to quit when Gates arrived one morning, because they were afraid. Gates asked his waiters to stay where they were and then sent his valet to his home for a rifle. While he waited for the rifle, Gates tried speaking to both groups. When the rifle arrived, Gates grabbed it and shouted. "Now, by God, I'll shoot the first man who tries to go and I'll shoot the first sonofabitch who tries to make him go!" The trouble making crowd dispersed; the waiters stayed and were no longer troubled by threats.[50]
^ Some ten years later, it was said that the company was a very poor investment, as its shares of common stock had not produced a cent of dividends in all that time.[52]
^ August Belmont, Jr. previously had words with Gates about the size of hie horse racing bets.[54]
^ This was not in keeping with the pledge made to Gates and the other coalition members; they had all agreed not to dispose of the company's stocks and not to use them for speculation.[57]
^ No answer was provided as to why no Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock was acceptable to Morgan's clearing house. The company was valued at US$100 million: its stock had a par value of US$100 per share. Tennessee Coal and Iron had been operating at peak capacity through that summer; many U. S. Steel plants had been idled and its common stock had dropped from 47 1/2 to 24 1/2.[60]
^ Grant Schley was once more pressured for payment. He again offered his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock as collateral and was told it would not be accepted by Morgan's clearing house. Schley was also told that if his brokerage failed, Oakleigh Thorne's Trust Company of America bank would also fail.[61]
^ The U. S. Steel second mortgage bonds were quoted at 84, while shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron were valued at 134.[62]
^ One of Gates' associates remarked that Tennessee Coal and Iron stock withstood the panic and had never been quoted lower than US$140 a share. He went on to say that the panic was used as a ruse to get control of the company.[63]
^ J. P. Morgan was initially hailed as a hero for putting an end to the panic. A few months later, the newspapers were writing different stories about the incident. It was acknowledged that what was done with Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks was a bold violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Financial expert John Moody wrote that if the panic was ended by this transaction, it was ended by "taking a few million from one pocket and putting millions into another".[64] Morgan's associates were accused of lying to Roosevelt about the issue being serious enough to affect the United States; Roosevelt was chided for believing the lie. Roosevelt continued to state he believed the issue was serious enough to affect the nation. However, he would not release reports about the matter which were drawn by both the Bureau of Corporations and the Department of Justice. Senator Charles Allen Culberson introduced a measure in the US Senate demanding the release of this information. When Roosevelt countered that Congress had no power to impel the Executive Branch of the US government to release information it had collected for its own use, the Senate chose to investigate Roosevelt's Attorney General for failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act when it came to U. S. Steel. The resolution was approved, but Roosevelt still refused to release the reports, claiming they were "nobody's damn business". The committee chose to continue the investigation without the reports.[65]
^ The New York Times continued to follow the story and printed in a January 1909 edition that a certain New York banker would testify that Tennessee Coal and Iron was a stable company with "gilt-edged" stock values and that Roosevelt had been misled. Hearings began on January 28 behind closed doors, but reporters were able to determine enough of the events that took place to file news stories. Oakleigh Thorne testified that his bank was not helped by the actions of Morgan; stock broker Grant Schley said his brokerage could have been assisted without demanding his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock. Morgan's representative was both evasive and forgetful when questioned. Roosevelt, who was in the process of leaving office, was not censured for his actions because the Senate Committee was deadlocked, 6-6, on this question.[66] The New York Times wrote: "If the president had been less dear to Americans, it is likely there would have been such reluctance to revise his discretion in a difficult case. This is an example of saying one man can steal while another is sent to jail for looking over the fence. The verdict is :Not Guilty-but don't do it again.[66] Public ire about J. P. Morgan and U. S. Steel's role in the events of 1907 did not diminish when the Senate hearing was ended in early 1909.[67]
^ Gates and his group of investors had previously provided the funding for New York's Luna Park and its Hippodrome.[69]
^ Gates' son, Charlie, died in his sleep in his private railroad car while in Cody, Wyoming on October 20, 1913.[91] Dellora Gates continued to live in the Plaza Hotel apartment she had shared with her husband. On November 28, 1918, she died suddenly in her suite there. She and Charlie are also buried in the Gates mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery.[91] Dellora's brother, Edward J. Baker, and niece, Dellora Agnell Norris, inherited the Gates fortune.[92]


References[edit]


^ "John Warne Gates". Texas State Historical Association. p. 1. Retrieved Jan 8, 2016. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 17.
^ a b c d e f g h "John Warne Gates". Texas Handbook Online. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 18.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 18-19.
^ "Proof in Jester Case". Chicago Tribune. October 13, 1899. p. 2. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b c "Stories Told Of the Life of John W. Gates". The Parsons Daily Sun. September 29, 1911. p. 5. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 22-23.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 23-24.
^ Wendt and Kogan & 11948, p. 24.
^ a b "Passing of John W. Gates Removes Most Interesting Of America's Financiers". The Oregon Daily Journal. August 13, 1911. p. 56. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-24-25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 25-26.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 26-28.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 28-51.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 31-32.
^ "History of barbed wire". Ellwood House and Museum. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2010-12-19. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 33-49.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 53-64.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 62-65.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 68-69.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 70.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 136-173.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-73.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-89.
^ a b "J. W. Gates Dead. Ill For Months In Paris.". New York Times. August 9, 1911. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ Wenst and Logan 1948, pp. 79-80.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 96-101.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 148-155.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 194-196.
^ Owen, O. A. (March 1928). "Promoters I Have Known". The Bookman: 36. Retrieved August 7, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 211-218.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 237-241.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 244.
^ Wednt and Kogan, 1948 & p244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 245.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 207-210.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 203-206.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 294-295.
^ Wednt and Logan 1948, p. 301.
^ Homans 1918, p. 62.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ Wenst and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 278-279.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 301-302.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp247-249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 256-258.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 241-243.
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-258-264.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 275-276.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 280-282.
^ Wemdt and Kogan 1948, pp. 282-283.
^ Bruner and Carr 2007, pp. 87-88.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 283-284.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 284-295.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 285-289.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 287-290.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 304.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 304-306.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 306-308.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 308-311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 302.
^ Casson, Herbert N. (October 1906). "The Romance of Steel and Iron in America". Munsey's Magazine: 92. Retrieved August 3, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 311-326.
^ Morehouse III 1991, pp. 22-23.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 201.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 243-244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 227-230.
^ Schriftgiesser 1942, p. 118.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 180-181.
^ Schriftgiesser 1943, p. 116.
^ Marcasson, Isaac F. (April 1913). "The Passing of the Plunger". Munsey's Magazine: 11. Retrieved August 7, 2015.  (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 224-227.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 272-278.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 326.
^ "Gates Paris Funeral Held". Chicago Tribune. August 13, 1911. p. 9. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 327-328.
^ a b c "Mourners Came From Many States". The Cincinnati Enquirer. August 24, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ "At Port Arthur". The Houston Post. August 23, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 328-329.
^ "Gates Family Mausoleum". Woodlawn Cemetery. Retrieved March 14, 2015. 
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 330.
^ Szymczak, Patricia M. (January 15, 1989). "The Legacy". Chicago Tribune. p. T-1. Retrieved May 8, 2015. Note that the link takes the reader to page 2 of the paper, scroll up to page 1 to read the source material. 
^ "Gates Memorial Library". Lamar State University. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 13, 2015. 
^ "Marker Placed To Honor Barbed Wire Inventor". The Mexia Daily news. August 3, 1971. p. 2. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  


Bibliography[edit]


Homans, James E. (1918). The Cyclopedia of American biography Volume VIII. The Press Association Compilers Inc. 
Bruner, Robert F.; Carr, Sean D. (2007). The Panic of 1907: Lessons Learned from the Market's Perfect Storm. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-15263-8. 
Morehouse III, Ward (1991). The Waldorf Astoria: America's Gilded Dream. Xlibris, Corp. ISBN 978-1413465044. 
Schriftgiesser, Karl (1943). Oscar of the Waldorf. E. P. Dutton & Co. 
Wendt, Lloyd; Kogan, Herman (1948). Bet a million! The story of John W. Gates. Bobbs-Merrill. 


External links[edit]

1940 biography of John W. Gates, accessed April 1, 2006
John Warne Gates at Find a Grave




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40679143
LCCN: n80113088










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Warne_Gates&oldid=784162350"					
Categories: 1855 births1911 deaths19th-century American businesspeoplePeople from Port Arthur, TexasTexaco peopleNorth Central College alumniPeople from Winfield, IllinoisBusinesspeople from ChicagoBurials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx)Texas RepublicansPeople from West Chicago, IllinoisHidden categories: Good articlesFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 20:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Warne Gates - Wikipedia






















 







John Warne Gates

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John W. Gates" redirects here. For the New York politician, see John W. Gates (New York).




Gates circa 1900


John Warne Gates (May 18, 1855 – August 9, 1911), also known as "Bet-a-Million" Gates, was an American Gilded Age industrialist, who was a pioneer promoter of barbed wire. He was born and raised in what is now West Chicago, Illinois. He did not enjoy farm life and began offering neighbors various business propositions at an early age, including the sale of firewood to homes and to the local railroad. When he started a local grain brokerage that failed, Gates began spending time at the local railroad station and became reacquainted with the men he previously sold firewood to. He was invited to join their poker games and through this, Gates' aptitude for cards and other games of chance was developed.
After studying penmanship, bookkeeping and business law in North Central College (by then Northwestern College),[1] he failed as an owner of a local hardware store. Gates became interested in barbed wire and became a salesman for the Washburn-Moen Company. When he was assigned to the Texas sales territory, he learned that ranchers were adamant about not buying his product. Gates staged a demonstration of the wire in San Antonio's Military Plaza with charging cattle failing to break the barbed wire fences he had set up. He then proved very successful in selling the company's product, and went on to start his own barbed wire manufacturing business, which eventually led to the production of steel. In the process, his company was purchased by J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Gates was not invited to become part of the company, and he fought back at Morgan for many years through a series of business acquisitions and sales; both men were key figures in the Panic of 1907.
Gates was the president of Republic Steel and of the Texas Company, later known as Texaco. He was instrumental in changing the steel industry's production methods from the Bessemer process to the open hearth process and in building the city of Port Arthur, Texas.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early years
1.2 Marriage and early business ventures
1.3 The barbed wire and steel business
1.4 Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas

1.4.1 Port Arthur


1.5 The steel industry and dashed hopes

1.5.1 The Panic of 1907
1.5.2 Aftermath




2 Bet A Million
3 Death and legacy
4 Notes
5 References
6 Bibliography
7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early years[edit]
Gates was born in West Chicago, Illinois (then known as Turner Junction) on May 18, 1855. He was the son of Asel A. and Mary Warne Gates.[2] Gates had two older brothers, George and Gilbert, but both had died by the time he was 15 years old.[3][a][b] While Gates was raised in a religious household, his mother, Mary, became more religious after the deaths of her two older sons. Because he had been involved in some harmless childhood mischief in both grammar and Sunday School, he was accused of stealing a collection at the Sunday School. He was barred from attending church as a result.[8][c]
Gates was raised on the family's farm, but did not care for farm life. At an early age, he entered into his first business proposition: to husk a neighbor's corn.[3] His next business venture was to clear some land of timber for another neighbor. Gates earned US$1,000 for this job, selling the timber as firewood to homes and to the railroad.[10] Gates then took the money from this labor and bought a half interest in a threshing machine. As this type of equipment was very new at the time, few farms owned one, so Gates and his partner hired themselves out to work with it at various local farms. After one season, Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.[11] Gates then set himself up as a local grain broker, doing business from the family's home. This business venture was a failure; in an effort to escape farm work, he took to spending time at the railroad depot where he had previously sold firewood. The railroad men remembered him and now asked him to join their poker games. Gates found he had an aptitude for the game and for anticipating the cards men held and how they would play them. With the grain brokerage now forgotten, he was able to make up the losses at the card table.[12]
While attending a house party near St. Charles, he met and fell in love with a farmer's daughter, Dellora Baker. Gates proposed to her at one of the house parties. Dellora was willing to accept Gates' proposal, but wondered how he would be able to provide for a wife, as his only income came from winning at the railroad poker games.[13][3] When his father discovered Gates in a poker game with some railroad men in the family's barn, Asel told his son he was no good and would never be any good. Only Mary's mediation stopped her son from leaving home. With the realization that he needed more education than grammar school had provided, he announced to his parents that he would be enrolling in some local college classes.[14] Gates attended some courses at nearby Wheaton College and graduated from North Central College in 1876.[3][15] He had little opportunity to put his new business education to work, as the financial Panic of 1873 began just as he was completing his college work. In order to be able to marry Dellora, Gates accepted every type of job he could get for the next year; most of them were for farm work. Gates and Dellora were married on February 25, 1874.[16][d]
Marriage and early business ventures[edit]
Gates tried to revive to his grain brokerage business but lost all his savings through it. When the couple's first child was stillborn, Gates returned to his old pattern of playing poker and thought seriously about leaving town with Dellora. With this knowledge, Mary Gates told her husband he needed to help his son financially so he could start a new business. Gates' father-in-law, Ed Baker, had already offered to help his daughter and son in law in this way. Asel purchased a two-story brick building and Ed Baker provided the capital for stock to open a hardware store in Turner Junction.[15][18] At first the business went well; Gates and Dellora were able to move into their own home. Gates began taking time away from the hardware store and while his partner tried to handle all the business, he was not able to.[19] A son, Charles Gilbert Gates, was born to Gates and Dellora on May 21, 1876. Gates began to complain of various ailments soon after the baby's birth; at times, he would take to his bed for some days with them. Business at the hardware store had become so bad, Gates was not able to afford the rent on the family's home. They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store, with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing.[19]
While at the hardware store, Gates met a salesman who was in the barbed wire business. As a result, Gates became interested in the relatively new product. When he announced his intentions to sell his interest in the hardware store and become a traveling salesman for the product, his wife and mother were both in favor of the plan.[20][e] He made a trip to San Antonio, Texas in 1876 where Isaac Ellwood hired him as a salesman for the Washburn-Moen barbed wire company. After being assigned to work in Texas, Gates quickly learned that while he found friends and poker playing companions, when it came to selling barbed wire, ranchers were not buying. After watching a medicine show proprietor stage an elaborate presentation for his wares and noting that people fought to buy the products sold, Gates decided to have a similar production to demonstrate the merits of barbed wire. In San Antonio's Military Plaza, Gates provoked cattle into charging into a barbed wire fence which did not break. Gates went from not being able to sell his product to not being able to fill orders quickly enough after the demonstration.[22][23]
The barbed wire and steel business[edit]
Upon Ellwood's refusal to grant him a partnership in the company. Gates traveled to St. Louis, Missouri, where in partnership with Alfred Clifford, he started the Southern Wire Company to compete with Washburn-Moen.[3][24] Clifford's equipment to manufacture barbed wire had come from George C. Baker, who had invented a machine for producing barbed wire which was similar but not identical to the one made by Isaac Ellwood. Baker had resisted all attempts by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen to buy him out. Gates and Clifford sold their product at a cheaper price than Washburn-Moen. Before long, Washburn-Moen was losing substantial business to Gates and Clifford's Southern Wire Company.[25]
In an effort to stop the success of the former company salesman, Ellwood and Washburn-Moen filed for an injunction to stop the business of Southern Wire Company. The suit, filed in U. S. District Court, claimed the machines Gates and Clifford used in the production of their product were a direct copy of those used by Washburn-Moen. The suit also called for Gates and Clifford to pay US$100,000 in damages to the company. As they avoided process servers, Gates and Clifford made a plan to save their company. They were able to rent a building in East St. Louis, Illinois and moved their equipment out of the factory and onto a ferryboat after dark. After they crossed the Mississippi River, the machines were out of the jurisdiction of the St. Louis U. S. District Court and were back in business the next day.[25][f] When Clifford and Gates hired an attorney to answer the charges made against them in court, the judge ruled that the manufacturing process used by Southern Wire Company was not an infringement on any patents or machinery owned by Ellwood and Washburn-Moen.[27]




Gates owned the Sydney Kent House at 2944 South Michigan Avenue on Chicago's South Side from 1896 to 1906[28] The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places


After a fire destroyed the Southern Wire Company, Gates gambled on the idea that William Edenborn had not heard the news and approached him for a merger with the idea that Southern Wire would manufacture in Edenborn's now idle barbed wire plant. The new company was known as St. Louis Wire Mill Company.[29] They continued to buy other wire companies and had strong sales. Washburn-Moen went back into court, this time in Des Moines, Iowa, where a federal judge ruled that the machinery created by Baker was an infringement of Washburn-Moen's patents. By this time, Gates had created a syndicate of barbed wire manufacturers who did not produce their wares using Washburn-Moen's methods; the ruling in favor of Washburn-Moen only applied to areas in the jurisdiction of the U. S. Federal Court in Des Moines. Washburn-Moen continued to falter; Isaac Ellwood sent word asking for a meeting with Gates. Ellwood and another key figure with Washburn-Moen, John Lambert, now accepted offers from Gates. The barbed wire legal issues ended with Washburn-Moen selling their patent rights to Gates and his syndicate of wire manufacturers.[30]
Through a series of mergers and acquisitions the company went through various name changes, finally settling on American Steel and Wire Company. Gates and his family moved to Chicago, where they lived for a period of ten years.[31] Chicago attorney Elbert Henry Gary had helped Gates form the syndicate which led to the defeat of Washburn-Moen. Gary was called on again in 1901 to negotiate a merger with J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. Though he had provided Gates with some loans and advice in the past, Morgan did not want Gates to be a part of the merged company, saying that there was only a deal without Gates.[32][33][34] Morgan made an offer to Gates for the American Steel and Wire Company, telling him that he was not welcome to take part in the business of U. S. Steel-either as part of management or on the company's board of directors. Morgan continued by saying that if Gates did not accept his offer, U. S. Steel intended to build its own wire production plant.[35][g]
Railroads, oil and Port Arthur, Texas[edit]
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan's snub at the U. S. Steel merger. One month after the deal was completed, he became involved in a struggle between E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad and James J. Hill of the Northern Pacific Railway. Both men sought control of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. Hill, who was financed by J. P. Morgan, needed access to Chicago; Harriman was interested in stopping Hill from obtaining it. Gates saw this as an opportunity to get back at Morgan for his refusal to seat him on the board of U. S. Steel. Along with Harriman, he began buying shares of Northern Pacific stock. When James Hill noted a sudden rise in Northern Pacific stock prices, he traveled to New York to consult with Morgan. Morgan and Hill stopped the sales of the Northern Pacific stock, which remained high while other stocks took steep drops. Those who had been selling short could not obtain enough stock to cover themselves and were faced with large financial losses. It was rumored that Gates was short 60,000 shares of Northern Pacific stock. Gates did not confirm or deny any of the rumors about the railroad stock and would only say that he was doing well.[37]
As Gates continued to search for a way to get back at Morgan for cutting him out of U. S. Steel, he found a vulnerability in Morgan's railroad holdings in 1902 and began buying large numbers of shares in Morgan's Louisville and Nashville Railroad. When it was decided to add another short line to the L&N system, its board of directors voted to issue 50,000 new shares of stock to finance the new line. A clerical error offered the stock for sale before it could be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Gates saw the offering and purchased the shares prior to their listing; he also continued buying all the Louisville and Nashville stock he was able to. Gates had enough shares of the railroad to duplicate the panic that ensued the year before with the Great Northern Railway shares. J. P. Morgan learned of the events in April 1902 and found that Gates now owned more than 51 percent of the Louisville and Nashville's stock. Morgan decided to act to stop another Wall Street panic, and asked what Gates' terms of sale would be. Gates wanted US$150 per share of stock, an offer which Morgan initially rejected. He then dispatched his aide, George Walbridge Perkins, to talk to Gates and make the best possible arrangements. Perkins called on Gates in his Waldorf-Astoria suite at 1:30 am. The deal for the Louisville and Nashville cost Morgan US$43 million, with Gates making a more than US$15 million profit from the transaction.[38]




Oil gusher at Port Arthur, Texas, 1901


After the Louisville and Nashville Railroad incident, Gates found that public opinion had turned against him as a result of it. Gates talked some associates into submitting his son's name for membership in the New York Yacht Club and New York's Union League Club.[h] The application for Charlie Gates went from one desk to another for a number of weeks. When young Gates' name was brought up for a vote, the members of the admissions committee were unanimous in their "no" decision. Gates threatened to sue the club and the members denied his charges of Morgan being behind Charlie Gates' refusal. Gates withdrew Charlie's Yacht Club and Union League Club applications, apparently resigned that his son would not be a member of either society.[40] When he and Dellora traveled to England, the couple wanted to stay at Claridge's, as they had done in 1900. Claridge's refused to accept their registration as Gates was now on the hotel's list of undesirables.[41]
Pattillo Higgins had begun a well on Spindletop in 1900, but ran out of money to continue drilling for oil. Higgins went to Gates for funds to continue; Gates obliged and founded The Texas Company, later known as Texaco. His investment entitled Gates to 46 percent of the company's stock.[3] When Spindletop came in the next year, Gates was already in control of Port Arthur's docks, its refinery and the railroad needed to get the oil to market.[42]

Port Arthur[edit]




Home of John W. Gates in Port Arthur, Texas



Mary Gates Memorial Hospital, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates became influential in the development of the city of Port Arthur, Texas when he took over the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad in December 1899 after he forced it into bankruptcy along with its previous owner and Port Arthur founder Arthur Edward Stilwell.[43] Gates built a winter home in the city and contributed much to its development. After Gates became the owner of the Port Arthur Canal and Dock Company, he held the asset for a time; in 1906 he gave the canal to the US government under the condition that Port Arthur would be named an international port of entry. Gates founded the first bank, built a rice mill and established the Port Arthur Light, Power and Ice Company. When he decided to make Port Arthur his permanent residence in 1908, the town held a celebration.[44] After Mary Gates died while on a visit to her son and his family in December 1908, Gates built Mary Gates Hospital to honor her memory.[45][46] He was also a large contributor to Port Arthur Business College, and built a model farm to give the city a source of fresh dairy products.[47]




John W. Gates model farm, Port Arthur, Texas



Port Arthur's Plaza Hotel in 1909




After Port Arthur's Hotel Sabine burned to the ground in 1904, Gates decided that the city needed a good hotel to replace it. In 1909, he proposed to build another, called the Plaza, on the site the Hotel Sabine had once occupied. Gates could have easily afforded to finance the entire cost of the new hotel, but he wanted Port Arthur's residents to have an equal share in the venture. Gates held local meetings and was happy to discuss the project or take pledges for the building fund at any time. After the pledges of local businessmen had reached US$150,000, Gates donated the remaining US$150,000, and the project began to be built by United States Realty Company.[48][i]
Gates took great pleasure in watching the Plaza Hotel take shape. He was a daily visitor to the construction site as the Spanish mission style building was erected. When the hotel was opened, Gates held a special "billion dollar banquet" on November 15, 1909; his guests were men who owned railroads, Texas Company board members, and other successful men in business. Port Arthur had never seen so many wealthy and powerful men and residents were impressed by the sight of them. Gates served as the hotel's manager in the first few weeks it was in operation. He hired African-Americans as waiters; this was considered to be very bold, as African-Americans were barred from living and working in the city at the time.[50][j]

The steel industry and dashed hopes[edit]
Gates continued to have hopes of being able to take on J. P. Morgan again-this time with a rival steel trust. After the sale of his Louisville and Nashville Railroad stocks to Morgan in 1902, Gates quietly began buying shares of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. He and his associates easily owned more than 50 percent of the company's stock shares, but the company's owner and founder, John C. Osgood, claimed the shares were not valid. Osgood said that while the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, any transfer of the shares without his signature and approval, made them invalid. He went on to say that because of their invalidity, those who held shares of the company's stock without them, were not eligible to attend the annual stockholders' meeting. Osgood was upheld in this opinion by the company's board of directors.[51]
Determined to attend the meeting, Gates hired a special train to get to the meeting in Denver. John Osgood was prepared for Gates' arrival. He had obtained a Circuit Court injunction barring Gates and his associates from attending the meeting; the doors of Colorado Fuel and Iron were guarded by sheriff's deputies armed with shotguns. Gates was angry about being refused entry to the meeting, but he became enraged when he learned he was described in the local Circuit Court as a "high roller and a gambler". Gates returned to New York to try utilizing the Federal Court system there. As the legal wrangles continued, the stock of the company began dropping in value; during this time Gates lost US$3 million, but still was unsure of his legal status with Colorado Fuel and Iron. Osgood announced he was willing to meet Gates halfway, but Gates declined the offer. He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due. Apparently feeling that a long battle was not worth it, Gates gave up the fight some weeks later and sold the shares, which eventually wound up with the Rockefeller family.[51][k]




Tennessee Coal and Iron Company's furnace at Ensley, Alabama, circa 1906


Once more, Gates planned to get back into the steel industry. In 1903, he began buying shares of Republic Steel. Its two main competitors were in the US South-Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company, and the Sloss-Sheffield Iron and Steel Company in Alabama. All three were able to use inexpensive Southern iron ore to produce quality steel with the open hearth process, making the price of the steel produced with it cheaper. The minerals needed for the open hearth process were readily found in Alabama. Gates envisioned bringing Republic, Tennessee Coal and Iron and Sloss-Sheffield together into a steel trust to challenge J. P. Morgan's U. S. Steel. When August Belmont, Jr. resigned his seat on Republic's board to concentrate on consolidating the New York transit system, Gates was elected to fill Belmont's seat.[53][l]
Gates found two like-minded members of the board when he began talking about consolidating the three steel companies. One was L. C. Hanna, the brother of Mark Hanna; the other was Grant Schley, who had a Wall Street brokerage. Gates now began purchasing shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron in preparation of the consolidation. In January 1905 he was ready to outline his plan to potential members of the trust, with the exception of Republic's president, A. W. Thompson. When Thompson was advised of the scheme, he declared there would be no such trust with Republic as a member; when put to a formal vote, Republic's board members voted down the idea of joining a trust. During this time, Gates was able to purchase enough shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron to give him a controlling interest in the company.[55]
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill. His assessment of the open-hearth process for steel production was confirmed by a report from the US Bureau of Corporations. The report stated that an agent for U. S. Steel and a large railroad affiliated with J. P. Morgan pronounced the rails produced by the open-hearth process to be twice as good at those made by the Bessemer process, which was used by U. S. Steel. The report went on to praise Gates and his competitiveness.[56]
The Panic of 1907[edit]
In 1907, Gates took his usual summer holiday in Europe. Upon arriving in Paris, he was met with an urgent cablegram from Grant Schley. Schley, the owner of a brokerage and a board member of Republic Steel and Tennessee Coal and Iron, advised Gates of serious business trouble and asked him to return to the US at once. As the Panic of 1907 began, Schley's brokerage had become short of money and it was necessary for him to obtain large loans to try to keep the brokerage solvent. Schley offered some US$6 million shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company as part of the collateral for the loans.[57][m] Oakleigh Thorne was the president of the Trust Company of America bank and also a member of the Gates coalition. Thorne believed his bank was in sound financial condition until a New York Times article stated otherwise. Thorne told reporters that if he paid off every depositor, he would still have US$4 million in assets. When the clearing house run by J. P. Morgan audited the bank's books, they found the bank was sound, but were quite interested in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock they found and indicated that the stock was not acceptable to them as security.[58][59][n][o]
Morgan proposed to buy Tennessee Coal and Iron to "rescue" all involved with the company. He outlined a plan whereby U. S. Steel would change its second mortgage bonds for Tennessee Coal and Iron stock.[p] Because the U. S. Steel bonds were acceptable to the clearing house, they would be able to be used for the debts. It was suggested that President Theodore Roosevelt be consulted before such action was taken. Roosevelt was given only an outline of the issue; he was never told which institution would fail without U. S. Steel's takeover of Tennessee Coal and Iron. Roosevelt wrote a note to his Attorney General stating he had not learned the name of the troubled business, but felt that he should not object to this occurrence.[62]
The New York Times, however, printed its amazement that Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks were not acceptable to the clearing house and that the Trust Company of America was deemed insolvent when it had more than enough assets to cover all deposits. The newspaper concluded that U. S. Steel wanted to take over a serious business competitor and the company was only worried about the Sherman Antitrust Act.[62] All of this had taken place before Gates was able to return to New York; when he was briefed on the situation, he was told that all other members of the coalition had agreed to Morgan's terms. [q] While Gates realized he had no choice but to submit his shares of stock, he insisted that all stockholders were to be treated equally with regard to the rate of exchange of their shares. Though this was promised, those holding smaller amounts of stock were said to have received less compensation for them.[63][r][s]
Aftermath[edit]




The Texas Company docks, Port Arthur, Texas


Gates involved himself in bettering Port Arthur after losing Tennessee Coal and Iron. He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town's business when either flared up. He still had control of the Texas Company and was able to successfully battle Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who would have liked to take over his company's land.[67] In 1909, he was taking his usual summer holiday in Europe when members of the Republican party from the Eastern District of Texas nominated him for Congress. He wired the convention to refuse the nomination, saying that he preferred to participate through his financial contributions.[68] Gates had purchased an animal show and a stable of performing horses with the idea of creating a circus for himself and Port Arthur, when in early 1911, he found a growth in his throat. The growth was malignant and there were times Gates was hardly able to speak.[67][t]
The US Congress was beset with requests to deal with the U. S. Steel Trust as they had done with the Tobacco Trust and Standard Oil. The House of Representatives formed a committee to examine the dealings of Morgan's company. Congressman Augustus Owsley Stanley of Kentucky, was named chairman of the committee; in his long list of persons to subpoena for their testimony the first was John Gates. Gates appeared to give his testimony on May 28, 1911; he was seriously ill and this was evident by how thin and pale he had become. He planned a trip to Paris to consult with doctors there after his testimony. Gates spoke of all of his dealings with J. P. Morgan, from the American Steel and Wire Company to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and to the time when control of Tennessee Coal and Iron Company was wrested from him forcibly. He left for Paris while the committee was still in session. The result of the hearings was an investigation of U. S. Steel and its practices which would last for almost ten years. J. P. Morgan, who held the belief that he had "saved" the country from the Panic of 1907, was disgusted at the "ingratitude" of both the government and the nation's citizens.[70]
Bet A Million[edit]




The Gates brokerage in the Waldorf-Astoria


Gates maintained a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria of New City from 1894 onwards. Though he paid US$30,000 yearly for it, his visits pained the hotel's manager, George Boldt, at times. Gates and his guests were often loud and boisterous.[7][71] He had a private entrance and elevator, but Gates had a habit of banging on the elevator doors and shouting for service. Boldt instructed his elevator operators to take their time when serving his floor, as it allowed Gates to make as much noise as he wished for a few minutes.[7][72][73] Gates' suite was often home to high-stakes poker parties and Baccarat games. Many poker games began on the train from Chicago to New York and were continued at the Waldorf. One poker game lasted for five days and nights; when it was done at least US$2 million had changed hands.[74] Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them. Gates made it a practice to keep some unset diamonds in his vest pocket for the times when Dellora became angry about the late hours at cards. He would then present a gem to his wife, who would suddenly forget her anger with him. Dellora would take the diamond to Tiffany & Co. to be set in a piece of jewelry of her choice.[75]
In 1900, Gates won $600,000 on a $70,000 bet on a horse race in England, exaggerated at over $1 million, which conferred on him the nickname "Bet-A-Million".[76] The Waldorf's Oscar Tschirky recalled that Gates did not like the nickname, but did little to repudiate the claims as he would bet on practically everything. Oscar recalled a rainy afternoon in the Waldorf's Oak Room as Gates and two associates watched raindrops trickle down the windows. Gates remarked that the drops did not move down the window at the same speed. One of Gates' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him. Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first. His associate took him up on the bet and before Gates' raindrop had won the race, the bets had changed from hundreds of dollars to thousands.[77] Gates believed that all life was a gamble; a farmer gambled that he would have a successful harvest when planting crops, a merchant gambled that customers would buy items when ordering stock and a traveler gambled on arriving safely when setting out on a journey.[78]
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States. In 1902, he attended the American Derby at Chicago's Washington Park Race Track, favoring Wyeth, the horse of an associate. When Wyeth won, Gates had profited close to US $100,000. At yet another race, Gates won US$650,000 from his large bets. The Jockey Club president, August Belmont, Jr., asked Gates to limit his bets to US$10,000, as such large wagers gave the impression that the races were not honest ones.[54] Outside of his own hotel suite, Gates' favorite spot in New York City was the gambling establishment opened by Richard Canfield in 1898. The club was at 5 East 44th Street. Delmonico's was next door and provided catering to the club's guests. When there or at Canfield's Saratoga clubhouse, Gates' favored game was faro which he had learned while selling barbed wire in Texas.[79]
Gates set up a brokerage office in the hotel's main lobby for his son, Charlie, and an experienced stockbroker.[72] He speculated on Wall Street from there. In early 1907, when Gates realized that the market would be headed for a sharp downturn, he closed the offices of Charles G. Gates and Company, announcing he was done with Wall Street for good.[80] Gates also changed his New York residence in May of the same year. He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza.[49]
Death and legacy[edit]




Gates funeral in 1911 in Manhattan



Gates Memorial Library, Port Arthur, Texas




Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor.[81][3][31][82] His funeral was held on August 23, 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel.[83][84] Gates' mourners had come from all parts of the country; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services. A large delegation arrived from Texas, where Gates had done much for the city of Port Arthur.[85][84]
The city of Port Arthur held its own memorial service on the same day Gates was buried. Flags were lowered to half staff and from noon until 6pm all businesses in Port Arthur were closed; the city's docks and refineries also stopped their operations during this time to honor Port Arthur's benefactor.[86][87] While Gates left the bulk of his estate to his wife and son, he inserted a clause in his will that prohibited his family from selling any of his securities until ten years after his death. Gates is said to have included the clause in his will to protect friends who had invested with him from these securities being sold soon after his death.[88][84] Gates' estate was valued at between US$40 and US$50 million.[89] He was buried in the family mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.[90][u]
The Gates Memorial Library in Port Arthur was funded by his widow and donated to the city in 1918.[3] Originally the city's public library, Gates Memorial now serves as the campus library for Lamar State College–Port Arthur. It was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.[93] In 1971, Gates was honored with a state historical marker at the site of his Military Plaza barbed wire demonstration in San Antonio.[94]

Notes[edit]


^ George Gates ran away to enlist in the Union army in 1861. He was 16 at the time he enlisted. George was killed in action in 1864.[4]
^ His brother, Gilbert, set out with a team and wagon bound for California in the 1870. He was traveling there for health reasons, and became friendly with a man named Alexander Jester, who asked to travel with him. When Gilbert Gates' body was found the next day, Jester had disappeared with the team of horses and the wagon. Asel Gates hired detectives in an effort to find his son's killer. Jester was finally arrested in Mexico, Missouri. Asel Gates traveled to the town to confront Jester, but he escaped from the local jail on the day the elder Gates arrived there.[5] Gates never gave up the search for his brother's murderer, but it was 30 years before he had any substantial clues. Jester's sister became angry with him and wrote a letter to John Gates, saying that Jester was living with her and that he had confessed to her that he murdered Gilbert Gates. Jester was 80 years old when he went to trial but was ultimately acquitted.[6][7]
^ Gates never forgot the false accusation. Thirty years later, when he was a very wealthy man, he was asked to contribute to the building fund for a new Methodist church in West Chicago. The false accusation was still vivid in Gates' memory and he refused to give one cent toward a new church building.[9]
^ Because of the times, Gates was only able to give the minister US$5.00 for performing his marriage ceremony. He met Reverend Foster again in 1909 and apologized for not being able to give the clergyman more at the time of the marriage. Saying he was paying some of the interest he owed on the debt, Gates gave Reverend Foster a US$100 dollar bill.[17]
^ Mary Gates realized she had a connection to Joseph Glidden, the patent holder. She was related to his wife, Lucinda. Gates' mother wrote a letter to Lucinda Glidden asking that her son be interviewed for a salesman's job.[21]
^ Isaac Ellwood continued to pursue the matter even after the Southern Wire Company moved to Illinois. Gates, his wife and son, had relocated to St. Louis after he went into business with Alfred Clifford. The family was returning to St. Louis after a visit with family in Turner Junction when Gates caught sight of two suspicious looking men. He knew they were process servers and told his wife to hurry and get on the train. Dellora and Charlie jumped on a coach car while Gates ran with the two men after him. Gates was able to find an open boxcar and jump in; he hid there until the two process servers gave up their search for him. He jumped on the last car of the train his wife and son were already on as it was pulling out of the station.[26]
^ Before the merger was finalized, Morgan kept in regular contact with Gates. When Gates was not named to the US Steel board of directors, it was a surprise to everyone but Morgan.[36]
^ J. P. Morgan was a member of both clubs.[39]
^ The United States Realty Company was also the builder of New York's Plaza Hotel.[49]
^ Some local trouble makers decided to threaten the waiters; the entire wait staff was ready to quit when Gates arrived one morning, because they were afraid. Gates asked his waiters to stay where they were and then sent his valet to his home for a rifle. While he waited for the rifle, Gates tried speaking to both groups. When the rifle arrived, Gates grabbed it and shouted. "Now, by God, I'll shoot the first man who tries to go and I'll shoot the first sonofabitch who tries to make him go!" The trouble making crowd dispersed; the waiters stayed and were no longer troubled by threats.[50]
^ Some ten years later, it was said that the company was a very poor investment, as its shares of common stock had not produced a cent of dividends in all that time.[52]
^ August Belmont, Jr. previously had words with Gates about the size of hie horse racing bets.[54]
^ This was not in keeping with the pledge made to Gates and the other coalition members; they had all agreed not to dispose of the company's stocks and not to use them for speculation.[57]
^ No answer was provided as to why no Tennessee Coal and Iron Company stock was acceptable to Morgan's clearing house. The company was valued at US$100 million: its stock had a par value of US$100 per share. Tennessee Coal and Iron had been operating at peak capacity through that summer; many U. S. Steel plants had been idled and its common stock had dropped from 47 1/2 to 24 1/2.[60]
^ Grant Schley was once more pressured for payment. He again offered his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock as collateral and was told it would not be accepted by Morgan's clearing house. Schley was also told that if his brokerage failed, Oakleigh Thorne's Trust Company of America bank would also fail.[61]
^ The U. S. Steel second mortgage bonds were quoted at 84, while shares of Tennessee Coal and Iron were valued at 134.[62]
^ One of Gates' associates remarked that Tennessee Coal and Iron stock withstood the panic and had never been quoted lower than US$140 a share. He went on to say that the panic was used as a ruse to get control of the company.[63]
^ J. P. Morgan was initially hailed as a hero for putting an end to the panic. A few months later, the newspapers were writing different stories about the incident. It was acknowledged that what was done with Tennessee Coal and Iron stocks was a bold violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Financial expert John Moody wrote that if the panic was ended by this transaction, it was ended by "taking a few million from one pocket and putting millions into another".[64] Morgan's associates were accused of lying to Roosevelt about the issue being serious enough to affect the United States; Roosevelt was chided for believing the lie. Roosevelt continued to state he believed the issue was serious enough to affect the nation. However, he would not release reports about the matter which were drawn by both the Bureau of Corporations and the Department of Justice. Senator Charles Allen Culberson introduced a measure in the US Senate demanding the release of this information. When Roosevelt countered that Congress had no power to impel the Executive Branch of the US government to release information it had collected for its own use, the Senate chose to investigate Roosevelt's Attorney General for failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act when it came to U. S. Steel. The resolution was approved, but Roosevelt still refused to release the reports, claiming they were "nobody's damn business". The committee chose to continue the investigation without the reports.[65]
^ The New York Times continued to follow the story and printed in a January 1909 edition that a certain New York banker would testify that Tennessee Coal and Iron was a stable company with "gilt-edged" stock values and that Roosevelt had been misled. Hearings began on January 28 behind closed doors, but reporters were able to determine enough of the events that took place to file news stories. Oakleigh Thorne testified that his bank was not helped by the actions of Morgan; stock broker Grant Schley said his brokerage could have been assisted without demanding his Tennessee Coal and Iron stock. Morgan's representative was both evasive and forgetful when questioned. Roosevelt, who was in the process of leaving office, was not censured for his actions because the Senate Committee was deadlocked, 6-6, on this question.[66] The New York Times wrote: "If the president had been less dear to Americans, it is likely there would have been such reluctance to revise his discretion in a difficult case. This is an example of saying one man can steal while another is sent to jail for looking over the fence. The verdict is :Not Guilty-but don't do it again.[66] Public ire about J. P. Morgan and U. S. Steel's role in the events of 1907 did not diminish when the Senate hearing was ended in early 1909.[67]
^ Gates and his group of investors had previously provided the funding for New York's Luna Park and its Hippodrome.[69]
^ Gates' son, Charlie, died in his sleep in his private railroad car while in Cody, Wyoming on October 20, 1913.[91] Dellora Gates continued to live in the Plaza Hotel apartment she had shared with her husband. On November 28, 1918, she died suddenly in her suite there. She and Charlie are also buried in the Gates mausoleum at Woodlawn Cemetery.[91] Dellora's brother, Edward J. Baker, and niece, Dellora Agnell Norris, inherited the Gates fortune.[92]


References[edit]


^ "John Warne Gates". Texas State Historical Association. p. 1. Retrieved Jan 8, 2016. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 17.
^ a b c d e f g h "John Warne Gates". Texas Handbook Online. Retrieved March 9, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 18.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 18-19.
^ "Proof in Jester Case". Chicago Tribune. October 13, 1899. p. 2. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b c "Stories Told Of the Life of John W. Gates". The Parsons Daily Sun. September 29, 1911. p. 5. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 19.
^ wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 21.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 22-23.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 23-24.
^ Wendt and Kogan & 11948, p. 24.
^ a b "Passing of John W. Gates Removes Most Interesting Of America's Financiers". The Oregon Daily Journal. August 13, 1911. p. 56. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-24-25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 25.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 25-26.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 26-28.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 28-51.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 31-32.
^ "History of barbed wire". Ellwood House and Museum. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2010-12-19. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 33-49.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 53-64.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 62-65.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 68-69.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 70.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 136-173.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-73.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 71-89.
^ a b "J. W. Gates Dead. Ill For Months In Paris.". New York Times. August 9, 1911. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ Wenst and Logan 1948, pp. 79-80.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 96-101.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 148-155.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 194-196.
^ Owen, O. A. (March 1928). "Promoters I Have Known". The Bookman: 36. Retrieved August 7, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 211-218.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 237-241.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 244.
^ Wednt and Kogan, 1948 & p244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 245.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 207-210.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 203-206.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 294-295.
^ Wednt and Logan 1948, p. 301.
^ Homans 1918, p. 62.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ Wenst and Kogan 1948, p. 300.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 278-279.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 301-302.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp247-249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 249.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 256-258.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 241-243.
^ Wendt and Kogan, 1948 & pp-258-264.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 275-276.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 280-282.
^ Wemdt and Kogan 1948, pp. 282-283.
^ Bruner and Carr 2007, pp. 87-88.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 283-284.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 284-295.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 285-289.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 287-290.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 304.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 304-306.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 306-308.
^ a b c Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 308-311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 302.
^ Casson, Herbert N. (October 1906). "The Romance of Steel and Iron in America". Munsey's Magazine: 92. Retrieved August 3, 2015. (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 311-326.
^ Morehouse III 1991, pp. 22-23.
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 201.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 243-244.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 227-230.
^ Schriftgiesser 1942, p. 118.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 180-181.
^ Schriftgiesser 1943, p. 116.
^ Marcasson, Isaac F. (April 1913). "The Passing of the Plunger". Munsey's Magazine: 11. Retrieved August 7, 2015.  (PDF)
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 224-227.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 272-278.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 326.
^ "Gates Paris Funeral Held". Chicago Tribune. August 13, 1911. p. 9. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 327-328.
^ a b c "Mourners Came From Many States". The Cincinnati Enquirer. August 24, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 9, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 328.
^ "At Port Arthur". The Houston Post. August 23, 1911. p. 4. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 311.
^ Wendt and Kogan 1948, pp. 328-329.
^ "Gates Family Mausoleum". Woodlawn Cemetery. Retrieved March 14, 2015. 
^ a b Wendt and Kogan 1948, p. 330.
^ Szymczak, Patricia M. (January 15, 1989). "The Legacy". Chicago Tribune. p. T-1. Retrieved May 8, 2015. Note that the link takes the reader to page 2 of the paper, scroll up to page 1 to read the source material. 
^ "Gates Memorial Library". Lamar State University. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 13, 2015. 
^ "Marker Placed To Honor Barbed Wire Inventor". The Mexia Daily news. August 3, 1971. p. 2. Retrieved March 14, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  


Bibliography[edit]


Homans, James E. (1918). The Cyclopedia of American biography Volume VIII. The Press Association Compilers Inc. 
Bruner, Robert F.; Carr, Sean D. (2007). The Panic of 1907: Lessons Learned from the Market's Perfect Storm. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-15263-8. 
Morehouse III, Ward (1991). The Waldorf Astoria: America's Gilded Dream. Xlibris, Corp. ISBN 978-1413465044. 
Schriftgiesser, Karl (1943). Oscar of the Waldorf. E. P. Dutton & Co. 
Wendt, Lloyd; Kogan, Herman (1948). Bet a million! The story of John W. Gates. Bobbs-Merrill. 


External links[edit]

1940 biography of John W. Gates, accessed April 1, 2006
John Warne Gates at Find a Grave




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40679143
LCCN: n80113088










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Warne_Gates&oldid=784162350"					
Categories: 1855 births1911 deaths19th-century American businesspeoplePeople from Port Arthur, TexasTexaco peopleNorth Central College alumniPeople from Winfield, IllinoisBusinesspeople from ChicagoBurials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx)Texas RepublicansPeople from West Chicago, IllinoisHidden categories: Good articlesFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 20:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Powering Progress™ in belts, hose & hydraulics










































































POWERING PROGRESS™







































Join Our Team








VISIT GATES SAFETY








Learn more about RMHC








Learn More Today
















Parts/Interchange
Where to Buy
Site Search
Popular Links










            Automotive

            Industrial








Search by Application


VIN Decoder












Search by Application










 
Automotive
Industrial






















All
Automotive
Industrial





























All Search Tools
PartView™ System
Design Flex® Pro™ Software
Power Pro® Login
PT Place® Login
Design IQ™ Software
Hose Advisor
DesignConnect™ Software
eCrimp™ Database











            Agriculture
        



            Farm equipment fails more from weathering than usage.
        

Learn More






            Fleet and Heavy-Duty
        



            See our long-lasting Fleet & Heavy-Duty products here.
        

Click Here






            Automotive Aftermarket
        



            Learn about Gates newest product releases.
        

New Products

















        © 2017. Gates Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
    












Register to Access Your Resource




First Name *

Please enter your first name.


Last Name *

Please enter your last name.


Email *

Please enter your email.

* Required

Submit


There was a problem submitting the form.




Already registered?

Please enter your email.


The email address you entered could not be found, please use the full form above.


There was a problem submitting the form.

Submit














Share the Power































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















 
Bill Gates: top ten greatest hits (and misses) - the Microsoft years





























































































































Engadget








 
                            Login
                          
 

















































Show More Results
























    Latest in Bill gates
  














                The Engadget Podcast Ep 29:  Re-Offender
              






          02.24.17

View












                Bill Gates wants a robot tax to compensate for job losses
              






          02.19.17

View












                Gates Foundation: Empowering women is key to fighting poverty
              






          02.14.17

View












                Bill and Melinda Gates back an implant that could prevent HIV
              






          01.02.17

View











Image credit: 













save



 


Save




































share



 




Bill Gates: top ten greatest hits (and misses) - the Microsoft years











Engadget staff, @engadget 
              06.27.08
          








3
Shares











Share












Tweet












Share












Save












































 
Damn, Bill, you have come a LONG way. Look at you there back in '82, you handsome devil. As part of our tribute, let's take a quick look back at the top ten greatest (and not so great) products created on Bill-time, shall we? Don't worry, it'll only sting a little.
                                  










HitsInternet Explorer (IE) Introduced 1995It's really easy to simply remember "Internet Exploder" as the standards-breaking, web-forking, buggy, monopoly-causing app that helped shape Bill's old image as the evilest baron of all technology companies. But it's also the app that led to the creation Ajax-based web apps through the XMLHttpRequest spec, and the kludgey early popularization of CSS. Love it or hate it, IE's gotten more people on the web over the years than any browser, and that's definitely got to count for something.Media Center Introduced 2002Despite TiVo's DVR dominance and competitors that came and went over the years, Media Center has always been an underrated standout product. Even Bill admits that the company's long struggled with usability, but Media Center is a beacon of hope not only for 10-foot UIs everywhere, but also for the company's ability to create powerful, advanced, user-friendy products. Between its online integration, extensible plugin architecture, ability to stream shows to nodes around the house, and now CableCARD support, the only real downside to Media Center is the fact that you still need a full-blown PC to run it.MS-DOSIntroduced 1981, discontinued 2000It was arcane and nigh-unusable to mere mortals -- but the early cash-cow was one of Bill's most strategic moves, and helped Microsoft define the concept of software licensing. It also helped launched Mossberg's career as crusader of user-friendly technology. But most importantly, MS-DOS was still the OS an entire generation grew up learning, so del crticsm.* for a second because our autoexec.bat and config.sys were so very well crafted, and extensively tweaking Memmaker for a few extra KB of usable RAM definitely ranks amongst our top most formative geek moments. Office Introduced 1989 (on Mac), 1990 (on PC) Word, Excel and PowerPoint certainly did well enough on their own, but when Microsoft combined 'em into the tidy (and pricey) package that is Office -- first on the Mac in 1989, interestingly -- it had a selling point that would prove irresistible to many a productivity-obsessed middle manager even today. The addition of Outlook and its support for the (for some) nigh-indispensable Exchange only further solidified its foothold in the corporate computing world, and that's where Bill knew the real money was. That's certainly not to say that it hasn't been without its share of problems and annoyances, though -- we're looking at you, Clippy.Peripherals Introduced 1982Microsoft has always been a software company first, but it's been cranking out high-quality peripherals for over 25 years -- long before the Xbox and Zune were even a twinkle in Bill's eye. Not only that, but it's been a reliable innovator in the field, with a string of devices that were first, early, or just simply popularized technologies like the wheel mouse, force-feedback joysticks and controllers, the modern optical mouse, and the ergo-keyboard. The division has gone through some bumpy times -- the SideWinder line was killed off for a while there, and there've been some questionable designs along the way -- but it's been riding high as of late, and it doesn't show any signs of slowing down soon. Windows 3.1 / NT 3.5 Introduced 1992 and 1994 It took a few versions to come into its own, but by the time Windows hit 3.1, Microsoft finally had a product that was able to pull PC users away from the command line (for some of the time, at least) and give them a real taste of things to come. Windows NT may not have had quite the same appeal with the average consumer, but it did bring the operating system into the 32-bit world and pave the way for enterprise desktop computing as we know it today. (Plus, it had the NT file system (NTFS), which to this day continues to carry on the legacy in its own little way.) We really wish they'd made a sequel to the Pirates of Silicon Valley, because we'd love to have seen the dramatization of Bill overseeing the first popularized verions of Windows -- especially '95, which came out just a couple of years later.Windows 2000 and XPIntroduced 2000When thinking of Microsoft and the new millennium, few people are able to keep the crinkles out of their nose. Thankfully, Windows ME wasn't the only thing that arrived in late Y2K, as Windows 2000 rushed in to rock the socks off of suits everywhere. The whole Win2K thing went over so well that Gates and company decided to base its next consumer OS, XP, off of it. Some may argue that the resulting product still stands as the last great OS to ship out of Redmond.Windows CE / MobileIntroduced 1996As two of the most ubiquitous projects to come out from under Bill's command, both Windows CE and Windows Mobile are almost impossible to avoid when it comes to handhelds or phones. What began as a mishmash of small components has grown into the adaptable -- though sometimes maddening -- mobile OS that resides on just about every kind of device you can think of. Really, we mean every kind of device, from PMPs to enterprise-level stock-keeping systems. The slimmed down and restructured micro-Windows is at the very least one of the more flexible offerings the company has ever produced. Say what you will about its usability, there's no denying the massive impact it's had on portability and convergence. Xbox and Xbox 360 Introduced 2001 and 2005 Back in 1999, Bill was all about multimedia convergence, and he said that a new gaming / multimedia device would be Microsoft's trojan horse into the world's living rooms with something coined the "DirectX-box." In 2001, the original Xbox entered gaming territory dominated by Sony's PlayStation with Nintendo's N64. But the clunky machine brought with it the first easy to use multiplayer console service, Xbox Live, as well as a developer-centric model that helped turn the tables. Of course, things look quite a bit different today: the Xbox 360 leads the former market leader's PlayStation 3 in spend and attach rate, and with the relative success of media and content sales on Xbox Live, it seems Bill's dream of dominating the living room wasn't just a pipe-dream after all.Visual Basic Introduced 1991, discontinued 1998It's hard to underestimate the impact of Visual Basic. While the average user might have never heard of the original VB that Microsoft released way back when, the simplicity of the language and its graphical toolset made just about any power user a potential app developer, powering the flood of third party application development Microsoft operating systems enjoyed throughout the 90's. Sadly, Visual Basic met its demise at the hands of more modern languages and toolsets, but with a legacy of making programming accessible to the masses, its place in the history books and in Bill's pocketbook is undoubtedly secure.Runners-up: DirectX, Flight Sim, Portable Media Center, Solitaire and Minesweeper Misses Auto PC Introduced 1998, discontinued 2001* Riding high on its previously-introduced sister products -- the Handheld PC and Palm PC platforms, now dead and transformed into Windows Mobile, respectively -- Microsoft's Auto PC initiative was promised to herald a revolution for in-car entertainment and productivity. There's no question it was well ahead of its time; in fact, many of the features debuted in Auto PC have gone on to become standard fare in today's cars. Problem was, when it launched your ride was already pimped with a mere CD player. In-car navigation, voice recognition, and MP3 support were still the stuff of science fiction in those dark days (particularly at the four-digit asking price), and the whole thing was doomed to a geeky, spendy niche. Though products were initially expected from several manufacturers, Clarion ended up being the only one to actually produce a head unit.  *The Auto PC lived on in spirit as Clarion's Joyride, but Microsoft's heart was no longer in the project and Clarion had switched to a generic Windows CE-based core to build the product. Microsoft Bob Introduced 1995, discontinued 1996 Poor Bob. No one ever gave him a chance. Maybe it had to do with the fact that he was really annoying. And as it turns out, Bill was dating Melinda French, Bob's program manager. Which isn't to say there was any nepotism involved -- Bob suffered an early death in 1996 due to general hatred for the little bastard. Bill offered this to a column in January, 1997, "Unfortunately, [Bob] demanded more performance than typical computer hardware could deliver at the time and there wasn't an adequately large market. Bob died." Thankfully, Billinda's blossoming relationship lived on. Oh, did you hear? They're like the world's greatest philanthropists now. Cairo Introduced 1991 (but never released) Ask folks to pick one word to describe Microsoft's technology roadmap in the 1990s and you'll commonly get "Cairo" in response. Announced before Windows NT 3.1 was even released, Cairo was occasionally an operating system, occasionally a collection of new technologies -- it depended entirely upon who and when you asked -- but at its core, it was intended to guide Microsoft on the path beyond the architecture introduced by NT. After throwing countless dollars and man-hours at the ambitious project, Cairo was ultimately canned (though mentions of the storied buzzword continued even into this decade). Although Windows 2000 eventually became NT's heir apparent, the fruits of Microsoft's labor weren't entirely for naught, as various Cairo features found themselves implanted into various versions of Windows throughout the years. Even the WinFS file system can trace its roots back to the project -- fitting, because it too has become such an albatross.MSN Music and URGEIntroduced 2004 and 2006, both fully discontinued 2008When MSN Music -- Microsoft's effort to build its own PlaysForSure-based subscription music based store -- imploded, headstrong Bill did what he usually does: rebrand, and launch again. When he got up at CES 2006 and announced MSN Music would become URGE with MTV, we were all a little skeptical -- after all, the problem wasn't really the service, it was the overbearing DRM and the fact that consumers simply weren't ready for subscription music. Of course, eventually URGE died as well, and MTV shunted customers to Rhapsody America; naturally, Microsoft had a third PlaysForSure-based store waiting in the wings with Zune, which doesn't appear to be going anywhere any time soon.Origami / UMPCIntroduced 2006Note: Intel, please join Microsoft on stage to accept this awardUMPCs... what can we say? Sure, Scoble liked them, but even from day one we never saw the market potential. Fueled by an early and too-successful hype-generating viral campaign of Microsoft's own making, there was no way that these first generation Origami devices would achieve their promise. Overpriced, underpowered, desktop OS-laden (with Microsoft's Touch Pack add-on), and poor battery life all helped ensure drown UMPCs in the wave of "ultramobile lifestyle PC"-hysteria they rode to market. And as UMPCs begin to fade, the shrinking niche between smartphones and laptops can look forward to the sweet release of MIDs -- though that's already been two years... and counting.OS/2 Dates: introduced 1987, discontinued 2006What began as a collaboration between Microsoft and then-partner IBM blossomed into what looked like -- for a time at least -- the logical successor to the DOS / Windows empire. The advanced OS showed early signs of greatness with it's incorporation of the HPFS file system, improved networking capabilities, and a sophisticated UI. But cracks in the relationship between the two powerhouse corporations would ultimately lead to its downfall. With Windows 3 a sudden success, IBM's reluctance to go hardware neutral, and Microsoft's increasing displeasure with code which it called "bloated" (ahem!), the project was eventually swept aside by Gates and the gang to make way for what would become the omnipresent operating system you know and love and/or hate today. SPOT watches and MSN Direct Introduced 2004, discontinued 2008 When the concept of an information-enabled watch that automagically received content over unused FM radio subcarriers was first conjured up by Microsoft in the early part of the decade, it seemed like a fabulous idea. So much so, in fact, Bill personally took the project under his wing. But by the time it had launched, it was already doomed by a perfect storm of problems: the devices were uglier than sin and comically oversized, the bizarre ad campaign featured frighteningly hairy cartoon arms, and -- as the mobile web was just starting to pick up steam at that time -- virtually anyone who would've been interested in that kind of product had already discovered ways to get the same information from their phone. The underlying data network Microsoft built out to support the watches, MSN Direct, lives on to this day and sees plenty of use in Garmin's nüvi line, but will it ever be used to beam weather, news, and MSFT stock reports to wrists other than Bill's? Not bloody likely.Windows Activation Introduced 2001Depending on who you talk to, Windows Product Activation is a serious privacy violation, a headache, minimal protection against piracy, or all of the above. Lucky for us, Microsoft is finally seeing (some of) the folly of its overbearing ways, and has gone with a more permissive nagware method with Vista SP1. This as opposed to the regular method of routinely locking users out of their systems, which, wouldn't you know it, tended to hurt legitimate users more than pirates. Perhaps the best example of Windows Activation's legacy was the great WGA outage of 2007, which left 12,000 systems out in the cold due to a few downed servers at Microsoft. It didn't take long for the servers to bounce back, but any shred of reputation the service had at that point went out the window with the uptime.Windows MEIntroduced September 2000It's not exactly clear what the point of Windows Millennium Edition was -- our guess is that Microsoft needed to keep up with that year-based product naming scheme it had going at the time, and cranked out this half-baked update to '98 in order to capitalize on the turn-of-the-millenium frenzy. Unlike the NT-based Windows 2000 released at the same time, Windows ME retained its MS-DOS-based core, while managing to somehow get even more slow and unstable than its predecessors 95 and 98. And to add insult to injury, it restricted access to shell mode, rendering many MS-DOS apps incompatible. Thankfully, Windows ME was only inflicted upon consumers for little over a year; it was replaced by indomitable Windows XP in 2001.Windows Vista Introduced 2007Vista doesn't suck. Let's just get that off our chests. In fact, it's a quite capable, secure and sexy OS when you get right down to it. Unfortunately, its problems just loomed too large for many folks to overlook. A multitude of delays and a rapidly diminishing feature list soured people right out of the gate, and once the dust settled people just weren't happy with the minor improvements they were getting in exchange for their hard-earned monies and fairly mandatory RAM upgrades. Mix that in with the standard driver incompatibilities of any Microsoft OS upgrade, and you've got a whole bunch of disgruntled downgraders on your hands -- and plenty of bad press to fill in any remaining gaps. Sadly, improvements to Media Center, aesthetics and even that quirky little sidebar got overlooked in the process. Microsoft's already scrambling to get Windows 7 together to capture the multitude of users that've decided to skip Vista altogether, let's just hope it's not too late.Runners-up: Actimates, Pocket IE, Games for Windows - Live, Xenix (yeah, Microsoft actually did a Unix at one time!)

                          

























    49m 


















  49m ago in




    Gadgetry
  





                  Apple's HomePod firmware spills more details on the smart speaker
              
 

Its early incarnation doesn't seem to support third-party apps, but that could change before release. 










By 
D. Lumb, 
                 49m ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    1h 


















  1h ago in




    Internet
  





                  YouTube recommendations inadvertently serve up illegal livestreams
              
 

Copyrighted content of shows like Futurama and Bob's Burgers are available to stream 24/7.  










By 
N. Lee, 
                 1h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    1h 


















  1h ago in




    Space
  





                  A molecule found on Saturn's moon Titan could foster life
              
 

It could be an essential ingredient in Titan's cold, methane-rich environment. 










By 
M. Locklear, 
                 1h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    2h 


















  2h ago in




    AV
  





                  YouTube hopes to patch things up with the music industry
              
 

Executives hope to chart a more collaborative course between record labels and streaming services.  










By 
R. LeFebvre, 
                 2h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    2h 


















  2h ago in




    AV
  





                  What we're watching: 'Shirobako,' 'American Gods' and 'Robot & Frank'
              
 

From game shows to classic anime. 










By 
R. Lawler, 
                 2h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  








    From around the web  
























ear iconeye icontext file 

































Tarter Farm and Ranch Equipment | American Made Quality Since 1945






















































































Improving life on your land since 1945











Thousands of authorized retailers sell Tarter Products.Click on the Retailer Locator to find your closest store.See how a mother of 5 has turned her Tarter Tank into a swimming pool!NEW! TARTER TANKS HAVE ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES!
Tarter tanks are for folks on the farm, the city, and everywhere in between! We have the best quality, American-made galvanized steel stock tanks on the market. Need an outdoor sink for gardening or entertaining? Tarter tanks have you covered.  Dream of having your own backyard pool this summer? Watch the "how-to" videos on this page, and in less than an hour Tarter can make your dream a reality.






















































Gates & Corrals

Tarter has a wide range of gates and corrals to fit your needs. From heavy to light confinement, various lengths and colors.View Products











Cattle Handling Equipment

Tarter knows what is needed in working cattle. We manufacture the standard or heavy-duty squeeze chutes with automatic headgates or manual. View Products











3-Point Equipment

Tarter’s 3 Point products range from dirt scoops to heavy duty grade blades. These products are top-of-the-line and — as always — durable, dependable, and tough.View Products 











Equine Products

Tarter sought the advice of people who breed, raise, train and feed horses in order to develop equestrian products that were both practical and safe. The result is an unparalleled line of horse management equipment.View Products 


























Featured VideosTarter's Elite Series Dog KennelHow To Manage Wildlife with a Tarter Rotary CutterHow to fix a pot holeRotary Tiller Extreme Challenge










 Improving Life On Your Land Since 1945.Since 1945 farmers and ranchers around the world have counted on the Tarter family to help improve life on their land. Tarter Farm and Ranch Equipment is privately owned and operated by the fourth generation of the Tarter family. From cattle squeeze chutes and horse stalls to farm gates and galvanized tanks, all of our products are made in the USA and can be found in thousands of retailers across the country. Visit tarterusa.com and click on the Retailer Locator to find your closest store.Retailer Locator

Find a Retailer
 

















