



GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC



Get the Full Report
















 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Overview



												   Gavekal Capital Llc is an investment advisor that manages 581 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 9 employees, of which 4 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/11 to 12/31/16. The fund's latest filing disclosed 322MM in positions, representing 55% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC StockAlpha 
					
					






+2.3%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness






Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Steven C. Vannelli
Manager
January-2006


Jill B. Rakowski
Chief Compliance Officer
July-2008










 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Principal Investment StrategiesGaveKal will invest primarily in common stock of companies of any size located throughout the world, including the United States. The GaveKal Knowledge Leaders Strategy (the “Strategy”) will invest primarily in companieswhich GaveKal considers to be companies that incorporate knowledge components, or intellectual property, into their products and services, unlike companies that simply produce commodities or other raw materials. Examples of these companies include companies that focus on knowledge-based elements such as research and development, design, marketing, distribution and services. Such companies are largely service-based and advanced manufacturing businesses and often operate globally. In selecting companies for investment, GaveKal focuses on companies withhistories of demonstrating superior operating results through intelligent application of their knowledge ...Get the Full Report







 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Location



370 17TH STREET								SUITE 4930
DENVER, 
Colorado
UNITED STATES, 
80202








  GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC Contact Information



							Phone Number: 303-763-1810
							Fax Number: 303-763-1811
							Website: http://www.gavekalcapital.com









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

GAVEKAL CAPITAL LLC FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF Outperforms in First Full Year | Business Wire


























































Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF Outperforms in First 
      Full Year






New ETF Delivered Excess Returns of Highly Innovative Companies Since 
      Inception










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










FIGURE 1 - KLDW delivered greater total return and alpha than all six of the top benchmark indexes tracked by the largest international core equity ETFs over 1-year, NAV as of 7/31/2016. Source: Morningstar


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







FIGURE 1 - KLDW delivered greater total return and alpha than all six of the top benchmark indexes tracked by the largest international core equity ETFs over 1-year, NAV as of 7/31/2016. Source: Morningstar





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












FIGURE 2 - KLDW delivered a lower max drawdown than all six of the top benchmark indexes tracked by the largest core equity ETFs over 1-year, NAV as of 7/31/2016. Source: Morningstar





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














August 15, 2016 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Gavekal Capital LLC today announced the Gavekal Knowledge Leaders 
      Developed World ETF (NYSE: KLDW) outperformed during its first full year 
      of trading. The ETF, which seeks to capture the Knowledge Effect -- the 
      excess returns of highly innovative companies -- bested the MSCI World 
      Index by 5.50% since inception as of 7/31/2016 (NAV).
    


      “The last 12 months proved innovation truly can be indexed and captured 
      in an ETF,” said Steven Vannelli, CFA, CEO and Chief Investment Officer 
      of Gavekal Capital. “In a year in which global markets were negative, 
      stocks of Knowledge Leader companies performed as the academic research 
      predicted: they outperformed relative to the overall market.”
    

      The firm also announced the Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World 
      ETF was awarded the “Most Innovative International Equity ETF & the 
      I-Invest ETF Alpha Generator Award” in the I-Invest 2016 ETF Awards.
    

      KLDW’s 1-year risk-adjusted performance illustrates Knowledge Leaders’ 
      tendency to deliver excess returns while also falling less during 
      periods of market weakness. For example, KLDW delivered greater total 
      return and alpha than all six of the top benchmark indexes tracked by 
      the largest international core equity ETFs over 1-year, as of 7/31/2016 
      (NAV, see fig. 1).
    

As of 6/30/2016, the since inception cumulative market return and NAV 
      return for the Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF (KLDW) were 
      3.24% and 2.60%, respectively. The inception date is 7/7/2015. The 
      Fund’s expense ratio is 0.75%. Performance data quoted represents 
      past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current 
      performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. 
      Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that an 
      investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than 
      original cost. Returns less than one year are not annualized. NAV prices 
      are used to calculate market price performance prior to the date when 
      the Fund first traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Market performance 
      is determined using the bid/ask midpoint at 4:00pm Eastern time, when 
      the NAV is typically calculated. Market performance does not represent 
      the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. For 
      the fund’s most recent month end performance, please visit www.gavekalfunds.com/etf-developed/.


      In addition, KLDW delivered a lower max drawdown than all six of the top 
      benchmark indexes tracked by the largest core equity ETFs over 1-year, 
      as of 7/31/2016 (NAV, see fig. 2).
    

      The Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF is designed for core 
      exposure to developed world equities. Download the Product 
      Tour or the Fact 
      Sheet.
    

      The Gavekal Knowledge Leaders ETFs are the first ETFs designed to 
      capture the Knowledge Effect, a market anomaly by which highly 
      innovative companies tend to generate excess returns in the stock 
      market. Gavekal’s Knowledge Leaders Strategy seeks to transform the 
      Knowledge Effect into portfolio alpha. The Knowledge Effect is grounded 
      in academic literature. It was first discovered in a series of studies 
      in the 1990s where NYU’s 
      Baruch Lev analyzed 20 years of financial data and discovered an 
      association between a firm’s level of knowledge capital and its 
      subsequent stock performance. Further research advanced the findings, 
      and in 2005, Lev proved the existence of a market inefficiency 
      attributable to missing information about knowledge investments. This 
      phenomenon leads highly innovative companies to deliver persistent 
      abnormal returns.
    

About Exchange Traded Concepts


      Exchange Traded Concepts is a private-label ETF advisor with passive and 
      active exemptive relief from the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 
      1940 to launch custom domestic and international equity and fixed income 
      exchange traded funds through a complete turnkey solution. To learn more 
      about ETC, please visit www.ExchangeTradedConcepts.com.
    

About Gavekal Capital


      Gavekal Capital identified the Knowledge Effect and created the first 
      investment methodology designed to capture the excess returns of highly 
      innovative companies. Gavekal Capital is creator and designer of the 
      Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Strategy, indexes and investment products. 
      Learn more about the Gavekal 
      Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF or email info@gavekal-usa.com.
    

Please consider the Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and 
      expenses before investing. The prospectus or summary prospectus that 
      contains this and other information about the Fund, is available by 
      calling 888.998.9890 and should be read carefully.


      Equity securities, such as common stocks, are subject to market, 
      economic and business risks that may cause their prices to fluctuate. 
      Currency Risk is the risk that the values of foreign investments may be 
      affected by changes in the currency rates or exchange control 
      regulations. Investments in foreign securities may involve risks such as 
      social and political instability, market illiquidity, exchange-rate 
      fluctuations, a high level of volatility and limited regulation. 
      Investing in emerging markets involves different and greater risks, as 
      these countries are substantially smaller, less liquid and more volatile 
      than securities markets in more developed markets. The Fund’s return may 
      not match or achieve a high degree of correlation with the return of the 
      Index.
    

      The Gavekal ETFs are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC.
    

      Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF (KLDW) was awarded the 
      2016 I-Invest Most Innovative International Equity ETF & the I-Invest 
      ETF Alpha Generator Award. Award methodology: Voting forms were sent out 
      to 151,000 subscribers and over 5,000 industry experts, allowing 
      I-Invest to accept third party, peer, public and self-nominations. 
      Winners were determined by three factors: 1) by the number of votes 
      received; 2) using our own in-house research; and 3) by the supporting 
      evidence received. Past performance is no guarantee of future 
      results.


      Alpha is a measure of the portfolio’s risk adjusted performance. When 
      compared to the portfolio’s beta, a positive alpha indicates 
      better-than-expected portfolio performance and a negative alpha 
      worse-than-expected portfolio performance.
    

      Max Drawdown is the maximum single period loss incurred over the 
      interval being measured.
    


Contacts

      Gavekal CapitalAmy Reardon, 303-596-0041areardon@gavekal-usa.com














Release Summary
Gavekal Capital LLC today announced the Gavekal Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF (NYSE: KLDW) outperformed during its first full year of trading.








Contacts

      Gavekal CapitalAmy Reardon, 303-596-0041areardon@gavekal-usa.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























GaveKal Capital, LLC Buys Silicon Laboratories Inc, Meredith Corp, The Scotts Miracle Gro Co, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































GaveKal Capital, LLC Buys Silicon Laboratories Inc, Meredith Corp, The Scotts Miracle Gro Co, ...


May 25, 2017, 06:38:03 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


GaveKal Capital, LLCNew Purchases: SLAB , MDP , SMG , KN, FLIR, OIS, PTR, STO, RIO, ABB,Reduced Positions:SLB, NBL, NOV, SU, CVX, MSFT, DOW, ADBE, GOOGL, IEF,Sold Out:OXY, XOM, COL, FTI, COH, EDV, TLO, TLH, VREX,For the details of GaveKal Capital, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=GaveKal+Capital%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of GaveKal Capital, LLCNational Oilwell Varco Inc ( NOV ) - 179,515 shares, 4.77% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50.55%Adobe Systems Inc ( ADBE ) - 49,865 shares, 4.3% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 51.01%Schlumberger Ltd ( SLB ) - 80,988 shares, 4.19% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50.79%Noble Energy Inc ( NBL ) - 175,419 shares, 3.99% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50.74%Waters Corp ( WAT ) - 37,725 shares, 3.91% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50.61%New Purchase: Silicon Laboratories Inc (SLAB)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in Silicon Laboratories Inc. The purchase prices were between $64.75 and $73.55, with an estimated average price of $69.95. The stock is now traded at around $73.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.58%. The holdings were 73,381 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Meredith Corp (MDP)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in Meredith Corp. The purchase prices were between $55.25 and $65.7, with an estimated average price of $61.54. The stock is now traded at around $53.40. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.4%. The holdings were 79,451 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: The Scotts Miracle Gro Co (SMG)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in The Scotts Miracle Gro Co. The purchase prices were between $89.36 and $96.08, with an estimated average price of $92.71. The stock is now traded at around $88.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.39%. The holdings were 54,702 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Knowles Corp (KN)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in Knowles Corp. The purchase prices were between $16.27 and $19.49, with an estimated average price of $18.28. The stock is now traded at around $17.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.3%. The holdings were 262,756 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: FLIR Systems Inc (FLIR)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in FLIR Systems Inc. The purchase prices were between $34.15 and $37.05, with an estimated average price of $36.04. The stock is now traded at around $36.92. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.27%. The holdings were 135,710 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Oil States International Inc (OIS)GaveKal Capital, LLC initiated holdings in Oil States International Inc. The purchase prices were between $30.6 and $41.2, with an estimated average price of $36.69. The stock is now traded at around $28.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.99%. The holdings were 135,940 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in Occidental Petroleum Corp. The sale prices were between $62.06 and $72.27, with an estimated average price of $66.53.Sold Out: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in Exxon Mobil Corp. The sale prices were between $80.93 and $90.89, with an estimated average price of $83.54.Sold Out: TechnipFMC PLC (FTI)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in TechnipFMC PLC. The sale prices were between $31.22 and $36.43, with an estimated average price of $32.71.Sold Out: Rockwell Collins Inc (COL)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in Rockwell Collins Inc. The sale prices were between $89.21 and $99.3, with an estimated average price of $94.01.Sold Out: Coach Inc (COH)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in Coach Inc. The sale prices were between $34.99 and $41.69, with an estimated average price of $37.68.Sold Out: Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury (EDV)GaveKal Capital, LLC sold out the holdings in Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury. The sale prices were between $106.52 and $113.9, with an estimated average price of $110.75.Reduced: Schlumberger Ltd ( SLB )GaveKal Capital, LLC reduced to the holdings in Schlumberger Ltd by 50.79%. The sale prices were between $76.96 and $87.48, with an estimated average price of $81.77. The stock is now traded at around $69.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.23%. GaveKal Capital, LLC still held 80,988 shares as of 2017-03-31.Reduced: Noble Energy Inc ( NBL )GaveKal Capital, LLC reduced to the holdings in Noble Energy Inc by 50.74%. The sale prices were between $32.82 and $40.3, with an estimated average price of $37.02. The stock is now traded at around $29.73. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.19%. GaveKal Capital, LLC still held 175,419 shares as of 2017-03-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with SLAB. Click here to check it out.SLAB 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SLABPeter Lynch Chart of SLABPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        NOV
                                    
, 

                                        ADBE
                                    
, 

                                        SLB
                                    
, 

                                        NBL
                                    
, 

                                        WAT
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Cypress Semiconductor Enjoys Broad-Based Growth


						7/28/2017 06:49 PM
					



4 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement


						7/28/2017 06:30 PM
					



Lower Earners Just Lost a Key Retirement-Savings Option


						7/28/2017 06:18 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





NOV








82%



Rate It





ADBE








73%



Rate It





SLB








90%



Rate It





NBL








50%



Rate It





WAT








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































						  Gavekal Capital Increased Its Varian Medical Systems (VAR) Position, Dorman Products (DORM)’s Sentiment Is 1.03								







 


 
























 


























Stock News
Market News
Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News






Gavekal Capital Increased Its Varian Medical Systems (VAR) Position, Dorman Products (DORM)’s Sentiment Is 1.03

July 24, 2017 - By Adrian Erickson

Dorman Products, Inc. is a supplier of replacement parts and fasteners for passenger cars, light trucks and heavy duty trucks in the automotive aftermarket. The company has market cap of $2.62 billion. As of December 31, 2016, the Company distributed and marketed approximately 155,000 different stock keeping units of automotive replacement parts and fasteners. It has a 24.06 P/E ratio. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 83% of its products were sold under brands that it owned and the remainder of its products were sold for resale under customers’ private labels, other brands or in bulk.
Gavekal Capital Llc increased Varian Medical Systems Inc (VAR) stake by 25.96% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Gavekal Capital Llc acquired 23,650 shares as Varian Medical Systems Inc (VAR)’s stock rose 13.68%. The Gavekal Capital Llc holds 114,743 shares with $10.30 million value, up from 91,093 last quarter. Varian Medical Systems Inc now has $9.51 billion valuation. It closed at $103.88 lastly. It is down 29.46% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 12.76% the S&P500.







Rk Asset Management Llc holds 6.89% of its portfolio in Dorman Products Inc. for 117,798 shares. Summit Creek Advisors Llc owns 235,976 shares or 2.95% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Conestoga Capital Advisors Llc has 2.2% invested in the company for 452,268 shares. The Texas-based Ranger Investment Management L.P. has invested 1.98% in the stock. Snyder Capital Management L P, a California-based fund reported 435,174 shares.
Analysts await Dorman Products Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM) to report earnings on July, 25. They expect $0.85 EPS, up 13.33% or $0.10 from last year’s $0.75 per share. DORM’s profit will be $28.94 million for 22.63 P/E if the $0.85 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.85 actual EPS reported by Dorman Products Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 0.00% EPS growth. 
Ratings analysis reveals 0 of Dorman Products’s analysts are positive. Out of 2 Wall Street analysts rating Dorman Products, 0 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 2 recommend “Hold”. DORM was included in 2 notes of analysts from January 4, 2017. The stock of Dorman Products Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM) earned “Neutral” rating by CL King on Wednesday, January 4. The firm earned “Mkt Perform” rating on Thursday, February 23 by FBR Capital.
It closed at $76.94 lastly. It is down 57.51% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 40.81% the S&P500.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 buys, and 5 sales for $2.78 million activity. 
Gavekal Capital Llc decreased Cgi Group Inc Class A (NYSE:GIB) stake by 42,111 shares to 146,686 valued at $7.05M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Celanese Corp Class A (NYSE:CE) stake by 13,042 shares and now owns 128,516 shares. Microchip Technology Inc (NASDAQ:MCHP) was reduced too. 
Investors sentiment increased to 0.9 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.01, from 0.89 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 38 investors sold VAR shares while 188 reduced holdings. 59 funds opened positions while 144 raised stakes. 88.84 million shares or 2.22% less from 90.86 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Greenleaf Trust holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR) for 3,600 shares. First Quadrant Limited Partnership Ca owns 16,700 shares or 0.03% of their US portfolio. Fdx Advsr reported 16,012 shares. Henderson Gru Public Limited Co stated it has 0.17% of its portfolio in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR). Jacobs Levy Equity Mngmt reported 0% in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR). Meiji Yasuda Asset Mgmt Limited has 0.19% invested in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR) for 19,395 shares. Franklin Res reported 360,570 shares stake. Moreover, Price T Rowe Assocs Md has 0% invested in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR) for 173,170 shares. Us National Bank De stated it has 0.02% of its portfolio in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR). Advantus Mgmt reported 9,304 shares. City holds 0% of its portfolio in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR) for 36 shares. Invesco Limited has invested 0.02% in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR). Northeast Mgmt has 0.02% invested in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR). 3.63 million are held by Janus Cap Mgmt Ltd Liability. American Century Inc holds 0% or 23,102 shares in its portfolio.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Bp Wealth Management Has Increased By $3.93 Million Its Marsh & Mclennan (MMC) Stake, Mid Penn Bancorp Has 0.4 Sentiment


Capital International Investors Upped Microsoft (MSFT) Stake By $135.53 Million; Airain LTD Has Raised By $1.29 Million Its Parsley Energy (PE) Holding


Jane Street Group Has Lowered Thor Inds (Call) (THO) Position By $1.47 Million; Edgewood Management Decreased Its American Tower New (AMT) Stake


Mountain Lake Investment Management Cut Owens Ill (OI) Position, Perrigo Company Plc (PRGO) Shorts Increased By 14.96%


Scopia Capital Management LP Has Trimmed By $264.73 Million Its Spirit Aerosystems Hldgs (SPR) Holding; Ppl (PPL) Shorts Lowered By 3.62%


Capital Guardian Trust Company Cut Its Xilinx (XLNX) Stake; Zweig-Dimenna Associates Has Raised By $3.32 Million Its St Jude Med (STJ) Position


Gotham Asset Management Has Lifted Raytheon Co (RTN) Stake By $7.27 Million; Post Holdings (POST) SI Decreased By 14.83%


Greystone Managed Investments Has Raised American Tower New (AMT) Holding By $513,345, Pope Resources (POPE) Sellers Decreased By 35.71% Their Shorts


Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management LP Lowered Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) Holding By $1.22 Million, Wolverine Bancorp (WBKC) Has 0.25 Sentiment


Vertex One Asset Management Has Upped By $957,100 Its Diamond Offshore Drilling In (DO) Stake; Qci Asset Management Increased By $10.27 Million Its General Dynamics (GD) Holding






© Copyright 2015-2017 Huron Report










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle



>























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Gavekal Capital, LLC is now Knowledge Leaders Capital | Knowledge Leaders Capital Blog





















































Knowledge Leaders Capital Blog
Knowledge Leaders Strategy
Navigation






 









Gavekal Capital, LLC is now Knowledge Leaders Capital





		March 17, 2017	

		by Steven Vannelli, CFA in Knowledge Leaders





I’m delighted to share some firm news: as of today, we are Knowledge Leaders Capital.
Independently owning and operating an investment advisory has been my dream since interning at my father’s firm in the early 1990s. I founded this advisory firm in 2006, in Denver, with early backing from Gavekal Research, a leading research boutique based in Hong Kong. Last year, I purchased a majority interest in our firm, taking the final step on the path to independence.
Knowledge Leaders Capital is an extension of the strategy with which our followers have come to identify us. Every industry has two groups of companies, those that lead and those that follow. Knowledge Leaders innovate and introduce new products; followers mimic and react. Research shows the stock market tends to reward innovation. We invest in companies that lead innovation in their industries, and we apply the same standard to our own work. We believe in embracing change.
As Knowledge Leaders Capital, we continue our focus on serving the US advisor community with our Knowledge Leaders research and investment products. Our Knowledge Leaders investment strategy and methodology remain the same. Based on the Knowledge Effect, a market anomaly first identified in the research of New York University’s Baruch Lev, I created the Knowledge Leaders investment strategy and method for capitalizing intangibles to identify Knowledge Leaders. This strategy is grounded in work that capitalizes investments in intangible assets to identify Knowledge Leaders and analyzes those Knowledge Leaders to isolate those that deploy intellectual property in the most efficient manner. I first began work on the methodology in 2006, and today, with the advanced quantitative tools we have developed to manage the Knowledge Leaders Strategy, which many of you have seen in visits to our office in Denver, we continue to advance this investment strategy to find new investment opportunities for our actively managed portfolios.
The Knowledge Leaders Indexes also remain the same. Our indexes are the backbone of our intellectual property and an exciting area of development for the firm. Already this year, we have created a new Knowledge Leaders All Country Resources Index to capture the large-scale productivity increases over the last year in the global resources sector. Last year we introduced six new indexes to capture the Knowledge Effect in new geographies and versions of existing indexes that employ international exposure via American Depository Receipts. We are working toward completing US and International Knowledge Leaders Small-Cap indexes as well as US and International Knowledge Leaders Financials indexes and US and International Knowledge Leaders Utilities indexes.
We remain focused on delivering superior risk-adjusted returns and are energized about the future as we continue to advance our capabilities, products and processes. Questions? Feel free to email us at info@gavekal-usa.com.



Tweet




LinkedIn
0




Email

 







Subscribe to Email Updates 
 Learn more about how we capture the Knowledge Effect  in our investment process.



Most Popular





6 Reasons and 21 Charts Arguing for Continued Foreign Stock Outperformance



Mixed Employment Report Points to More of the Same for Economic Growth



Chinese Corporate Financials Keep up Disturbing Trend of Deterioration



Are Investors Switching From Active to Passive or From Passive to Cheaper Passive?



One (more) Reason to Expect the USD to Continue to Fall





 
 

Disclosure The information presented here is for informational purposes only, and this document is not to be construed as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, securities. Some investments are not suitable for all investors, and there can be no assurance that any investment strategy will be successful. An investor cannot invest directly in an index. Hyperlinks may be included in this message that provide direct access to other internet resources, including web sites. While we believe these links are to reliable sources, Knowledge Leaders Capital has no control over the accuracy or content of information contained on these sites. Although we make every effort to ensure such links are accurate, up to date and relevant, we have no control over pages maintained by external providers. The views expressed by these external providers on their own web pages or on external sites they link to are not necessarily those of Knowledge Leaders Capital.
The information listed on this blog is for example purposes only and should not be construed as the investment Advisor's opinion or investment outlook. As of the most recent quarter end, the named companies may have been held by the investment Advisor. Please review the most recent disclosures. For full information including additional policies and full disclosures on the Advisor, please visit our website KnowledgeLeadersCapital.com.
An investor cannot invest directly in an index. Any reference to Index performance does not represent the performance of any investment product offered by Knowledge Leaders Capital, LLC. The performance of client account may vary from the Index performance. Index returns shown are not reflective of actual investor performance nor do they reflect fees and expenses applicable to investing. The Index data is the property of Knowledge Leaders Capital, LLC, which has contracted with SolactiveAG to calculate and maintain the indexes.
The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders Knowledge Leaders Developed World Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGX is 7/1/14 and the base date of the index calculation is 3/31/2000. The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders Emerging Markets Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGEX) is 9/2/14 and the base date of the index calculation is 4/1/2005. The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders International Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGINX) is 8/15/16 and the base date of the index calculation is 3/31/2000. The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders United States Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGUSX) is 8/15/16 and the base date of the index calculation is 3/31/2000. The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders Developed World ADR Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGAX) is 9/13/16 and the base date of the index calculation is 3/31/2000. The launch date of the Knowledge Leaders International ADR Index (Bloomberg ticker KNLGINAX) is 8/30/16 and the base date of the index calculation is 3/31/2000.
The returns of the Index prior to the launch date are based on applying the rules in effect as of the launch date retroactively to historical periods to and including the base date. Such historical results are not based on an Index that was maintained in real time. To obtain additional index methodology and constituent components, please visit KnowledgeLeadersCapital.com.

Comments Please click here
 to submit a comment or question to our investment team.
Archives 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013













Knowledge Leaders Capital | Knowledge Leaders Capital - Identifying and investing in Knowledge Leaders











































































 












 














Capture the Knowledge Effect in your portfolio





Knowledge Leaders Investment Products


KL Allocation Fund



Knowledge Leaders
Developed World ETF


Managed Accounts





Embrace Change

We believe in embracing change. Every industry has two groups of companies, those that lead and those that follow. Leaders innovate and introduce new products; followers mimic and react. Research shows the stock market tends to reward innovation. We invest in companies that lead innovation in their industries, and we apply the same standard to our own work. 



Investment Strategy
The Knowledge Leaders Strategy seeks to transform the Knowledge Effect into portfolio alpha. We identify Knowledge Leaders, or highly innovative companies, by measuring a company’s investment in its future growth. Knowledge Leaders possess deep reservoirs of intangible capital as a result of their history of investing in knowledge-intensive activities like R&D, brand development and employee education. Developed by founder Steven Vannelli and based on decades of academic research, our proprietary model adjusts a company’s financial history to capitalize these investments and reveal the companies with the greatest knowledge intensity. The companies that pass our quantitative Knowledge Leaders screen comprise the Knowledge Leaders Indexes, the first indexes designed to capture the Knowledge Effect. We look for the best opportunities among Knowledge Leaders for investment by our actively managed products. 



Featured Research

A quick overview of
this market anomaly

A complete guide to
understanding why highly
innovative companies
generate excess returns

This quarter:
Structural Rotation






In the News
























  



Gavekal | Gavekal - Group Site

































Home







Toggle navigation







Login 








                        Gavekal is one of the world's leading independent providers of global investment research. It also advises a select range of funds and offers software solutions for the financial community.                        
	        		






Is US Manufacturing A Leading Indicator?









Things Fall Apart









Arthur Kroeber: Is China At A Crisis Point?









When Will Monetary Policy Get Interesting Again?














Research


Gavekal is one of the world's leading independent providers of global investment research. The firm's unique culture prizes thinking, debate, listening and accessibility. There is no 'house view' or 'party line': our partners engage in vigorous arguments on major economic and financial questions, and we share these debates openly with our readers. 

Learn more 





Money Management


In a world in which ‘beta’ can be accessed at highly competitive rates, Gavekal Capital aims to offer investors non-benchmark-correlated, cost-effective streams of returns. Our investment strategies can be accessed either through managed accounts, through our UCITS funds, or through mutual funds. 

Learn more 





Software Services


At Gavekal, we believe in being as ‘open source’ as possible with our institutional clients. This means that we do not only want to share our investment conclusions with clients, but also our process and our data. For this reasons we have, over the years, invested in a number of software companies that make our jobs of sharing with clients easier. 

Learn more 





China's Asian Dream: Empire Building along the New Silk Road — a new book by Tom Miller
Gavekal Books 
Close






!


 



 






Gavekal Capital, LLC | Wealthminder











































Gavekal Capital, LLC


Gavekal Capital, LLC
(CRD# 144482) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Denver, CO.
They
manage $611,000,000 in 4 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Gavekal Capital, LLC




370 17th Street, Suite 4930,
Denver,
CO
80202
303-763-1810
http://www.gavekalcapital.com




http://www.gavekalcapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

611
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

4
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$152,750,000







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CO






Financial Advisors at Gavekal Capital, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Research  Gavekal Capital  ETFs - ETF Explorer | XTF





































































































Register
   |   

Login










 









                                Ratings


                                                ETF Ratings

                                                Methodology



                                Marketplace


                                                Market Summary

                                                New ETFs

                                                Fund Sponsors and Index Providers

                                                Industry Statistics



                                Research


                                                ETF Explorer

                                                ETF Comparison

                                                ETF Charting

                                                Trading Volume Analysis

                                                ETF Insider



                                Heatmaps


                                                Thematic Global Heatmaps

                                                Thematic Performance & Fund Flows

                                                XTF Thematic Indexes



                                Education Center


                                                What is an ETF?

                                                ETFs vs. Mutual Funds

                                                Types of ETFs

                                                ETF Investment Strategies















ETFs
Companies
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Investment Objectives






Loading…















ETF Symbol: DescriptionAsset Class





  

































        Please enable javascript for the menu to work.






                                        XTF provides ratings on Exchange Traded Products that are not intended and should not be construed as financial or investment advice, a recommendation or promotion. Accordingly no liability is accepted by or on behalf of London Stock Exchange Group or any of its affiliated companies, their respective directors or any other person, in respect of any reliance placed, act taken or omission, in relation to any information contained on this website. 
                                        Access to this area of the website may be restricted by law or unlawful in certain jurisdictions. This notice requires first time users to confirm certain matters before you may obtain access to the information on this area of the website that may affect your rights and responsibilities.  If you are in any doubt about the contents of this area of the website or the action you should take in respect of this notice, you should seek your own independent professional advice.
                                        By closing this notice or interacting with this site you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more please read our Disclaimer and Privacy Policy.
                                    

X


PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
 
1. INTRODUCTION
 
1.1 This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains
how the LSEG Information Services (US) Inc, (“LSEGIS”, “we”, “us” or “our”)
collects information from you when you visit or register to use
www.xtf.com  (the “Website”) and how this
information is then used. If you have any questions about this statement or
your personal information that we may collect from you, please contact us at support@xtf.com.
 
 1.2
Please read this Privacy and Cookie Policy carefully and re-visit this page
from time to time to review any changes that may have been made.
 
1.3  As a member of
the London Stock Exchange group of companies, we will process any personal
information we collect about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act
1998.
 
1.4 This Privacy and Cookie Policy applies
to you whether you use the Website as a casual browser, have registered to use
the Website or have entered into a contract with LSEGIS in relation to the
supply of specific services and/or products. In the event of any conflict
between this Privacy and Cookie Policy and the terms of a contract you have
with LSEGIS as appropriate, the relevant provision of that contract shall
prevail to the extent of any inconsistency.
 
1.5 LSEGIS is a member of a group of
companies headed by the London Stock Exchange Group plc (the “LSE Group”). Your
details may be held in our contact database which can be accessed and used by
other entities in the LSE Group, which may be located outside the EEA.
 
1.6 Other companies within the LSE Group
may have further company-specific Privacy Policies. Please refer to the
applicable company’s website for further information.
 
2. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES LSEGIS COLLECT,
AND HOW IS THAT INFORMATION THEN USED?
 
2.1 Information collected when you browse
the Website
 We
will not collect any personal information about you from your browsing of the Website
unless you agree to collection and use of your personal data.
2.2 Information collected when you become a
customer of LSEGIS
 When
you enter into a contract with us for our services or products, you may be
asked to submit personal information about yourself in order to receive or use
these services or products. This information may include, for example, your
name, address, job title, telephone number, email address and financial
information necessary to conclude the contract and enable administration and
management of such services or products. We will only collect information that
is necessary for us to provide you with the product or service that you have
requested. The type of information that we may collect will depend upon the
nature of that service or product.
 
2.3 How will we use any personal
information that we collect?
 
2.3.1 Where we collect personal
information, we will use it for administration and to tailor our service and/or
products to match your needs. We may also use personal information to conduct
market research surveys, for statistical analysis to determine site usage, to
run competitions and for direct marketing purposes relating to our business.
 
2.3.2 We may employ the services of a third
party to help us in certain areas, such as website hosting, marketing and
market researching. In some cases that third party may receive your
information. However, at all times we will control and be responsible for the
use of your information.
 
2.3.3 By providing us with your personal information,
you consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions
which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, including
without limitation countries or jurisdictions outside the EEA. If we do make
such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure
that your information is protected.
 
2.3.4 At all times we are legally obliged
to collect, retain and process any personal
information that you provide in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Each time you provide us with personal information we aim to let you know how
we intend to use it and ask you to give your consent to such use. This will
include:
 
(a) where we would like to use that
information to send you details of other products and services we offer which
are similar to the product/service for which you have subscribed; and
 
(b) where we would
like to share that information with certain selected third parties to allow
them to provide you with details of their services and/or products which might
be of interest to you.
 
2.5 How can I remove, update, prevent use
of or correct my personal information?
 Should you wish LSEGIS to cease marketing to
you, contact support@xtf.com. 
 
3. HOW DOES LSEGIS PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
 
3.1 We will hold your personal information
securely and will only keep it for as long as is reasonably necessary in the
circumstances you are registered to use the Website or for as long as you use
the service that you have requested, unless you have provided us with your
consent to use the data for any additional purposes. We take the security of
the Website and the information you provide very seriously and we will take all
appropriate technical measures using recognized security procedures and tools
in accordance with good industry practice to protect your personal information.
 
3.2 Whilst we use all reasonable endeavours
to protect your security in the manner described above, we consider that it is
only appropriate to advise users that data transmission over the Internet and
the World Wide Web cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure, and therefore
that you use the Website at your own risk.
 
4. DOES LSEGIS USE COOKIES?
 
4.1 Your Internet browser has a feature called
"cookies" which store small amounts of data on your computer about
your visit to the Website. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit
most of the Website. A cookie does not provide us with any personal
information. Therefore, if you have not supplied us with any personal
information, you can still browse our site anonymously.
 
 4.2
We do not automatically capture or store personal data from browsers to the
site, other than to log your IP address and session information such as the
duration of the visit to our site and the nature of the browser used. This
information is used only for administration of the site system and in the
compilation of statistics used by LSEGIS.
 
 4.3
Cookies may be required to allow you to access and participate in certain areas
of the Website. Once you have closed your browser, this type of cookie is
deactivated. Like all cookies, you are able to remove or block particular
cookies at any time (see 4.4 below).
 
 4.4
The majority of browsers will allow you to alter the settings used for cookies
and to disable and enable them as you require. If you do not want cookies then
please refer to the help menu on your browser for instructions on disabling
them. For further general information on cookies and more detailed advice on
how to disable and enable them please go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
 
 
LIST OF COOKIES USED
A.     
Strictly necessary cookies -
allow you to use essential features of our Website such as enabling you to log
in to our Website portal.
The essential features of our Website
require strictly necessary cookies so that we can identify you as being logged
in to our Website portal and to ensure that you are able to connect to the
right service on our Website when we make any changes to the way our Website
works. If you choose not to accept these cookies, you will be unable to use
some functions of our Website.
 The
following lists of cookies are those used on our Website which we have
identified as being strictly necessary cookies:
·        
ASPXAUTH – 24 hours or per
session
·        
SessionID – 24 hours or per session
·        
Lsegresident – expires 2020
 
B.     
Performance
cookies - collect information about how you use our Website, so that we can
improve the quality of our Website and service.
Our performance
cookies do not collect any information that could potentially identify you. All
information collected is anonymous and is used by us to:

provide statistics on how our Website
     is used;


monitor visitor trend information,
     where you click on our Website and which website you arrived from; and
help us improve the Website by measuring
     any errors which occur during your browsing experience.

The following lists
of cookies are those used on our Website which we have identified as being
performance cookies:
 
C.     
Functionality
cookies - provide you with improved Website functionality by allowing access to
additional services or to enhance your future visits to our Website.
Functionality
cookies used on our Website provide you with improved Website functionality
whilst you are browsing, for example, allowing us to remember your language
preferences for subsequent visits to our Website or allowing you to access
additional services offered on our Website. These cookies may share information
with partners to provide services on our Website. The information shared is
only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any
other purpose.
The following lists
of cookies are those used on our Website which we have identified as being
functionality cookies:
 

Ratingtab
Selectedetfs
Etflist
Lasthref
maList


Targeting & sharing cookies - We
     have not identified any cookies used on our Website as being targeting and
     sharing cookies.

These types of
cookie offer you a customized browsing experience by providing you with
interest based services both on this Website and on some other websites too.
For more information
about this type of internet based advertising, please visit: www.youronlinechoices.co.uk.
 
D.     
Cookies
for improving service by measuring traffic
We use Google
Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, in order to find out how
visitors interact with Russell Investments so we can improve it. Information is
collected anonymously and Website trends are reported without identifying
individual visitors.




Cookie name


Purpose





__utma


Keeps track of the number of times a
  visitor has been to a site, when their first visit was, and when their last
  visit occurred. It expires after two years.




__utmb and __utmc


The B and C cookies work together to calculate
  how long a visit takes.

  __utmb takes a timestamp of the exact moment in
  time when a visitor enters a site, while __utmc
  takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site.

  __utmc has no way of knowing when a user closes their
  browser or leaves a website, so it waits 30 minutes for another pageview to happen, and if it doesn't, it expires.




__utmz


Keeps track of where the visitor came
  from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was
  used, and where they were in the world when the website was accessed.




s_vi


Keeps track of where the visitor came
  from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was
  used, and where they were in the world when the website was accessed.

  It expires after six months.




gpv_p3 and s_nr


gpv_p3 takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor
  enters a site, while s_nr takes a timestamp of the
  exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site.




s_sq


Keeps track of where the visitor came from,
  what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was used,
  and where they were in the world when the website was accessed. It expires
  after six months.




Visitor_ID


These cookies are used to collect
  information about how visitors use our Website. This information is used to
  compile reports and to help us improve the Website. The cookies collect
  information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the
  site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they
  visited. 



 
 
 
 



__ar_v4


 
These category 4 cookies are set by our
  advertising partner Google in order to show you relevant adverts.
These cookies collect information about
  your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your
  interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information
  is shared with other parties such as advertisers. For example we use 3rd
  party companies such as Google to provide you with more personalised adverts
  when visiting other websites.  These may be set from a few different
  domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com.



 
5. CHANGES TO
THIS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
If we make any
changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy these changes will be detailed on
this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is
collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
6. LINKS
This Privacy and
Cookie Policy applies only to information collected by this Website. The
Website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the privacy policies of such other sites and we would advise
you to read the privacy statement of any website that collects personal information
from you
 
 
 
 
 
 



X


Legal Disclaimer
© 2016 LSEG Information Services (US), Inc.
 “XTF®” and other service marks and trademarks
related to the XTF Information are trademarks of LSEG Information Services (US),
Inc. (“LSEGIS”) and are used under license.
All information is provided for information
purposes only. Every effort is made to ensure that all information given in
this publication is accurate, but no responsibility or liability can be
accepted by the LSEGIS nor its licensors for any
errors or for any loss from use of this publication.
Neither LSEGIS, its companies nor any of
their licensors make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever,
expressly or impliedly, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of
the XTF Information or the fitness or suitability of the Indexes for any
particular purpose to which they might be put.
LSEGIS does not provide investment advice
and nothing in this communication should be taken as constituting financial or
investment advice. LSEGIS makes no representation regarding the advisability of
investing in any asset. A decision to invest in any such asset should not be
made in reliance on any information herein. Indexes cannot be invested in directly.
Inclusion of an asset in an index is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
that asset. The general information contained in this publication should not be
acted upon without obtaining specific legal, tax, and investment advice from a
licensed professional.
 



Confirmation of Understanding and Acceptance of Disclaimer

                                    By clicking ‘yes’ to any of the following you agree to be bound to the terms of this notice.
                                    

                                        For users in the USA: Please confirm you are a USA resident  
                                        Yes
                                        No
                                    

                                        For users in the UK: I agree I am an Exempt UK Person
Yes
                                        No

                                        
X
                                            For the purpose of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 this website is communicated by XTF, which is not authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, the website is  only directed at persons who: (i) are investment professionals falling within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (“FPO Order”) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments; or (ii) persons falling within any of the categories (a) to (d) of article 49(2) of the FPO Order (broadly, companies or partnerships with net assets of £5 million sterling or more and trustees of trusts with assets of £10 million sterling or more) (all such persons together being “Exempt UK Persons”). 
                                            This website must neither be communicated by an Exempt UK Person to any other person nor acted upon or relied on by persons who are not Exempt UK Persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this website relates is available only to Exempt UK Persons and should be engaged in only with Exempt UK Persons.  If you are not an Exempt UK Person you must not proceed any further. 
                                            By clicking “I agree I am an Exempt UK Person” above, you confirm you are an Exempt UK Person. 
                                        

 
                                        For users outside the USA and UK: I agree I am an Exempt Other Person
Yes
                                        No
    
                                        
X
                                            Access to and the distribution of the content of this website in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. By clicking on the acceptance button below, you represent to XTF that you are a person of a kind and in a jurisdiction to whom the content of this website may lawfully be made available by XTF (an "Exempt Other Person"). 
                                            This website must neither be communicated by an Exempt Other Person to any other person nor acted upon or relied on by persons who are not Exempt Other Persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this website relates is available only to Exempt Other Persons and should be engaged in only with Exempt Other Persons.  If you are not an Exempt Other Person, you must not proceed any further. If you are in any doubt as to any applicable restrictions please consult your professional advisers before clicking the acceptance button below and gaining access to the information on this website.
                                            By clicking “I agree I am an Exempt Other Person” above, you confirm you are an Exempt Other Person.
                                        














Displaying
                                
                                    US-Listed
                                    Exchange Traded Products
                                 with the following investment objective: as of 07/27/2017





















                                            Fund Filter
                                        















Country Of Domicile





Country Of Domicile









US-Listed     

JP-Listed     





DUMMY

Primary-Listings

Cross-Listings
























Fund Type





Fund Type









Exchange Traded Fund

Exchange Traded Note

Exchange Traded Managed Fund

DUMMY
























Fund Exposure





Fund Exposure









Excludes Other ETFs

Holds Other ETFs

DUMMY





Long Exposure Only

Short Exposure Only

Long & Short Exposure

DUMMY
























Currency-Hedged





Currency-Hedged









DUMMY

Currency Hedged Only

Currency Hedged Excluded
























Socially Responsible





Socially Responsible









Non-Social

All Socially Responsible

Environmental

Social / Governance

Faith-Based




















Fund Sponsor












Aptus Capital Advisors, LLC

ACSI Funds

AlphaMark Advisors, LLC

ARK Investment Management LLC

ALPS Advisors, Inc.

AdvisorShares

Active Alts Corp

Arrow Funds

Amplify Investments LLC

Barclays Bank PLC

Brandometry

Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

BMO Asset Management

BlackRock, Inc.

China Asset Management

Cambria Investment Management, LP

ClearShares LLC

Charles Schwab Investment Management

Columbia Management Investment Advisers

Guggenheim Funds Distributors, Inc.

CSOP Asset Management Limited

Victory Capital Management Inc.

Credit Suisse AG

Citigroup

Daiwa Asset Management

Deutsche Bank AG

Diamond Hill Capital Management, Inc.

DIAM Co., Ltd

Direxion Shares

Davis Selected Advisers, L.P.

Emerging Global Advisors, LLC

Exchange Traded Concepts

BNP Paribas

Empowered Funds, LLC

Elkhorn Investments, LLC

Etho Capital, LLC

ETF Managers Capital LLC

ETF Securities USA LLC

Eaton Vance Management

FormulaFolio Investments, LLC

Franklin Resources, Inc

Fidelity Management & Research

First Trust Advisors LP

GraniteShares Advisors LLC.

Gavekal Capital, LLC

GAMCO Investors, Inc.

Goldman Sachs Asset Management L.P.

Global X Management Company

Strategy Shares, Inc.

Infrastructure Capital Advisors, LLC

iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC

Innovator Management LLC

Invesco PowerShares Capital Management

IndexIQ Advisors

Inspire Investing

ITEQ ETF Partners LLC

Ivy Investments

J.P.Morgan Investment Management Inc.

Janus Capital Management LLC

John Hancock Advisers, LLC   

JPM Structured Fund Management

KOKUSAI Asset Management Co., Ltd

Krane Funds Advisors LLC

Hartford Funds Management Company, LLC

LifeSci Index Partners, LLC

Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC

LocalShares Inc

Mizuho Bank

Merk Investments, LLC

Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd

Morgan Stanley

Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management

Nikko Asset Management

Newfleet Asset Management, LLC

Nomura Asset Management

Northern Trust

Nuveen Investments

Natixis Global Asset Management

Norinchukin Zenkyoren Asset Management Co., Ltd

O’Shares Investments

Pacer Advisors, Inc

PIMCO Funds

Principal Management Corporation

Premise Capital, LLC

ProShares Advisors LLC

PureShares, LLC

Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors

FFCM LLC

Blue Sky Asset Management, LLC

Rakuten Investment Management, Inc

Renaissance Capital International, LLC

OppenheimerFunds Inc.

Reality Shares, Inc.

W.H. Reaves & Co., Inc.

REX Shares

SerenityShares Investments LLC

Samsung Investment Trust Management

Swedish Export Credit Corp (SEK)

Spirited Funds, LLC

Simplex Asset Management

Saba Capital Management, L.P.

SSGA Funds Management, Inc

Sprott Asset Management LP

Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management

Strongvest Global Advisors, LLC

Summit Water Capital Advisors

Teucrium Trading, LLC

Tierra Funds

Tortoise Capital Advisors, LLC

TrimTabs Asset Management, LLC

Tuttle Tactical Management LLC

UBS Global Asset Management

USCF Advisers LLC

U.S. Global Investors, Inc.

United States Commodities Fund LLC

Validea Capital Management, LLC

Van Eck Associates Corp

Vident Financial, LLC

Vanguard

Virtus ETF Advisers LLC

WBI Investments, Inc.

World Gold Trust Services, LLC

WisdomTree Investments




















Index Provider












Accretive Asset Management LLC

AlphaClone LLC

AMEX Dynamic Intellidex

ACSI LLC

Alerian Capital Management

Aptus Capital Advisors, LLC

Atlantic Trust

AlphaShares, LLC

Auspice Capital Advisors Ltd.

Blue Sky Asset Management, LLC

Bloomberg L.P.

Barclays Capital

BlackRock Index Services, LLC

BullMark Financial Group

Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

BM&BOVESPA S.A.

BlueStar Global Investors LLC

Big Tree Capital LLC

Brandometry, LLC

BUZZ Indexes

Cambria Indices, LLC

Chicago Board Option Exchange

China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd

Compass Efficient Model Portfolios, LLC

Credit Suisse Group AG

Citigroup

Beacon Indexes

Guggenheim Partners

Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC

Concinnity Advisors, LP

Center for Research in Security Prices

Cohen & Steers, Inc.

China Securities Index Co., Ltd.

Cleantech Group LLC

Swank Capital

Deutsche Bank AG

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP

Diamond Hill Capital Management, Inc.

Denver Investments

Deutsche Börse

Dorsey Wright & Associates

INDXX

ERI Scientific Beta

EE Fund Management LLC

Empirical Finance, LLC

EGA Indices

Etho Capital

Economic Data - No Index Provider

EQM Indexes LLC

ETFx Investment Partners, LLC

ETP Ventures

FactSet Research Systems Inc.

Fidelity Investments

FTSE Russell

Gavekal Capital, LLC

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.

Horizon Kinetics

Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited

Inspire Investing

Process Solutions LLC

Markit Indices Limited

Infrastructure Capital Advisors, LLC

IndexIQ

India Index Services & Product Limited

Indus Advisors LLC

IPOX Schuster, LLC.

iBillionaire Inc

International Securities Exchange

Janus Index & Calculation Services LLC

JPMorgan Chase & Co.

JASDAQ Securities Exchange

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

Korea Stock Exchange

Hartford Funds Management Company, LLC

London Bullion Market Association

Lunt Capital Management, Inc

Level ETF Ventures LLC

Loncar Investments, LLC

LPX GmbH

LocalShares Inc.

London Fix

Indxis (Mergent, Inc.)

MarketGrader

Miller/Howard Investments

MAC Indexing, LLC

Bank Of America Merrill Lynch

MorningStar

MSCI

Neil Macneale, Inc

ICE NYSE

S-Network Global Indexes

Nikkei Inc.

New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.

Nomura Holdings, Inc.

NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.

Northern Trust

Index Design Group

Premise Capital, LLC

QS Investors, LLC

RARE Infrastructure (North America) Pty Limited

Royce&Associates

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC

Reality Shares Advisors, LLC

Rogers

Research Affiliates

Renaissance Capital International, LLC

Red Rocks Capital LLC

Russian Trading System Stock Exchange

ROBO-STOX, LLC

Ryan ALM, Inc.

State Street Global Advisors

Sabrient Systems, LLC.

SPADE

The Stock Exchange of Thailand

Spirited Funds, LLC

Société Générale

Shanghai Stock Exchange

Sit Fixed Income Advisors II, LLC

Samsung Investment Trust Management Co., Ltd.

STOXX Limited

Standard & Poor's

SportsETFs LLC

Solactive AG

SummerHaven Index Management, LLC

Shenzhen Securities Information Co., Ltd.

Teucrium Trading, LLC

Trust & Fiduciary Management Services, Inc

Thomson Reuters

Tortoise Index Solutions, LLC

Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc.

Toroso Asset Management

U.S. Global Indices, LLC

Vident Financial, LLC

MV Index Solutions (VanEck)

Value Line, Inc.

VelocityShares Index Calculation Services

VTL Associates, LLC

Wells Fargo

Wildershares, LLC.

Wilshire Associates Incorporated

WisdomTree

No Index Provider

Zacks Investment Research






































Geography
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (1)

Global (0)

International (Ex-US) (0)

Regional (0) > 

Country Specific (0) > 

Developed Markets (1)

Emerging Markets (0) > 

Frontier Markets (0)

















Investment Philosophy
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (1)

Passively Managed (0)

Enhanced Strategy (1) > 

Actively Managed (0)

















Asset Class
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                



















All (1)

Equity (1) > 

Fixed Income (0) > 

Commodity (0) > 

Currency (0) > 

Real Estate (0) > 

Multi-Asset / Hybrid (0) > 

Volatility (0)

















Index Composition
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (1)

Traditional (0) > 

Fundamental (0) > 

Alternative (1) > 

















Leveraged / Inverse
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (1)

No Leverage (1)

Leveraged (0) > 

Inverse (0)

Inverse Leveraged (0) > 




























Geography: All     |    
Investment Philosophy: All     |    
Asset Class: All     |    
Index Composition: All     |    
Leveraged/Inverse: All































                                                                Selected:
                                                                
                                                                    no ETFs selected
                                                                
























Average XTF Rating:    7.1Average Expense Ratio: .75%Total # Of ETFs: 1Aggregate Market Cap: $80.89M10














ETF Symbol



ETF Description



XTF Rating



Expense Ratio



Asset class



Index Provider (filtered)



Index



Market Cap



Similar ETFs



 KLDWKnowledge Leaders Developed World ETF7.10.75%EquityGavekal Capital, LLCKnowledge Leaders Developed World Index$80,886,031 CIZ, JPGE, HFXI, SCHF, PIZ







-








% chg from 52-wk High





% chg from 52-wk Low





Annualized Return 1Y





Annualized Return 3Y





Annualized Return 5Y





Annualized Return 6M





Avg # of Components







                                                        Avg Bid Ask Ratio
                                                    






Avg Daily Volume (shares)





Avg Trade Size (shares)





Beta  6M





Beta 1Y





Beta 2Y





Beta 3Y





Cap Gains Dist





Concentration Risk





Diversification





Dividend Yield





Drawdown  6M





Drawdown 1Y





Drawdown 2Y





Drawdown 3Y





Earnings Yield





Efficiency (bps)





Fund Turnover (days)





Futures Available





Interest Rate Risk





Investment Metric Rank





Legal Structure





Market Impact





Net Asset Value





Options Available





Premium (Discount)





Sharpe Ratio 1Y





Sharpe Ratio 3Y





Sharpe Ratio 5Y





Sharpe Ratio 6M





Short Interest





Standard Deviation (risk) 1Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 3Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 5Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 6M







                                                        Structural Integrity Ranking
                                                    






Tracking Error





Yield to Maturity










Page 1 of 1 (1 items)[1] (page size can be changed by  subscribers only)  Rows per page:





									10
								






Create Filter Clear



Loading…


































Please upgrade to view Premium Content.











Loading…














                Home
                

   |   


            
                About
                

   |   


            
                Press & Media
                

   |   


            
                Contact


                            ©
                            
                            LSEG Information Services (US) Inc., All Rights Reserved.
                            Disclaimer.
                            Terms of Use.
                            Privacy Policy.
                            .59











						 
                    Please upgrade to view Premium Content.










Loading…








