




GCF - National Center for Law Enforcement, LLLP - Commercial- Walker  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









GCF - National Center for Law Enforcement, LLLP

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2111 East Highland Avenue Suite 305 
    Phoenix, AZ, 85016Phone: 6026482700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-05


New


$2,500,000


$2,500,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Kyle Walker 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












GCF Knowledge Database





Home
About The Database
GCF States & Provinces


 Brazil


Acre


Amapá


Amazonas


Maranhão


Mato Grosso


Pará


Rondônia


Tocantins




 Indonesia


Aceh


Central Kalimantan


East Kalimantan


North Kalimantan


West Kalimantan


Papua


West Papua




 Mexico


Campeche


Chiapas


Jalisco


Quintana Roo


Tabasco


Yucatán




 Peru


Amazonas


Huánuco


Loreto


Madre de Dios


Piura


San Martin


Ucayali




 Colombia


Caquetá


 Ivory Coast


Bélier


Cavally


 Nigeria


Cross River State




Send Us Feedback
Back to GCFTaskforce.org



West Kalimantan Indonesia







Overview
Carbon Accounting
REDD+ Implementation
Financing
Audits & Reviews





Current REDD+ Program Progress


Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Strategy

--


The provincial government of West Kalimantan will support REDD in 3 ways, namely:1. Reducing deforestation through continuous improvement in local government policies and institutions including law enforcement and management of Technical Implementation Units (UPT’s). Current UPTs already established include UPT Inventarisasi dan Pemetaan Hutan (forest inventory and mapping), UPT Pengendalian Kebakaran Hutan dan Lahan (forest and land fire control), UPT Bukit Baka Bukit Raya National Park, UPT Gunung Palung National Park, UPT Betung Karihun National Park, Balai Pengelolaan DAS (River Basin Management Office), Balai Konservasi Sumber Daya Hutan (Forest Resource Conservation Office), Balai Pemantapan Kawasan Hutan Wil III (regional office of the forestry planning agency (BAPLAN) – Region 3), Balai Pemantauan Hasil Hutan Produksi Wil X (Production Forest Product Monitoring Agency – Region X), Pusat Info Kehutanan (center for forestry information), FLEG-T (currently nonoperational).2. Creating incentives for better forest management and removing incentives that lead to deforestation from private parties who exploit natural resources belong to the public; establishing a Green Investment Award to forestry, plantation, agriculture and mining companies which implement Zero Burning and Reduced Impact Logging (RIL) policies; and establishing a mechanism for environmental assessment through an integrated team consisting of NGOs, universities and government agencies.3.  Overseeing payments / incentives for REDD so as to avoid corruption by certain elites through a mechanism which is transparent, accountable and free from political influence. This mechanism would involve the stakeholders / community organizations that already exist such as the Council of Traditional Malay Culture (MABM), the Council of Indigenous Dayak (DAD), and other indigenous people alliances at both district/city and village level.REDD-Related RegulationsIn order to implement the action plan in the field of forestry, the provincial government has issued several related regulations, these being:West Kalimantan Provincial Regulation No. 8 Year 2006 on the Utilization and Distribution of Belian Wood in the Region of West Kalimantan Province.West Kalimantan Provincial Regulation No. 6 of 1998 on Prevention and Control of Forest and Land Fires.Governor Regulation No. 103 of 2009 on Procedure for Mobilization of Controls for Land and Forest Fires in West Kalimantan Province.Governor's Decree No. 35 of 2010 on Guidelines for Verification of Applications for Village Forest Management Rights in West Kalimantan Province.The provincial government and legislature (DPRD) of West Kalimantan are currently discussing the proposed provincial regulation on investment in West Kalimantan Province, and the proposed provincial regulation on quality management of surface water.




REDD+ Related Regulations

--


Content Currently Unavailable






Spatial Planning

--


In the governmental context, the provincial government of West Kalimantan has integrated sustainable development vision and mission into its policy strategies. It is currently revising its spatial plan (50-60% of the province is forested) and optimizing 1,509,000 hectares of non-productive forested land for HTI (industrial plantation forest) (under licensing process). The province’s regional development concept is divided into 5 regions: 1. intercountry border region in the north (Serawak, Malaysia), 2. coastal region in the west, 3. interprovince border region in the east (Central Kalimantan), 4. central region, which is the Tayan Development Area, and 5. HoB (Heart of Borneo) Conservation Region. The regions are clearly shown on the map.West Kalimantan spatial pattern includes:Settlement areas (village/kampong) in forest areas or protected forests;±18.2% of the province area is part of Heart of Borneo;Development of Border Regions, KAPET Khatulistiwa, Kawasan Terpadu Mandiri (KTM), and other strategic regions ;Coastal regions and small islands (not yet accommodated in Perda (provincial regulation) No.5 Th. 2004 on West Kalimantan Spatial Plan);Declining agricultural land (Law No. 41 of 2009 on Protection of Sustainable Food Land);Development of mining areas (Government Regulation No. 22 of 2010 on Mining Areas);Natural disaster threat: abrasion, floods (tidal floods, flash floods, landslides), forest and peat fires.




Stakeholder Engagement

--


More than 60% of the province’s population relies on forest resources and forest services for their socioeconomic life. Therefore, the government encourages community involvement in forest protection, namely:Strategic Environmental Assessment (KLHS) of Kapuas River Basin developed by Forum DAS (River Basin Forum), which involved all the stakeholders (NGOs, media, universities, professional associations, related government agencies);Forest Protection (Pamhut) by indigenous peoples in several districts;REDD+ Community, whose establishment is being assessed by the related government agency when there are REDD-related activities to be implemented in West Kalimantan.The provincial government of West Kalimantan will cooperate with NGOs such as OEDAS, which will coordinate all the activities concerned. Communities can advantageously use the opportunities provided by carbon funding and carbon trade schemes, such as:Opportunity to have support for technical capacity building, technology to quantify carbon stocks, more accurate database, monitoring system and institutional building;Engagement in developing a pilot model from now on or when the province is selected as a REDD pilot province;Opportunity to have their management units certified, particularly those for the purpose of carbon trade;Opportunity to receive offset from companies/other sectors, including those operating nearby, so a mutually beneficial relationship can be established to maintain the environment;Direct incentives from forest products if they are engaged in carbon trade mechanism;Opportunity to have recognition of the legality of community-based forest management.REDD Programs & Safeguards





REDD+ Programs

Overview
Laws & Regulations

Institutional Framework
                                

State/Province
National
REDD+ Governance



REDD strategies conceived or in process of conception to reverse deforestation and degradationThe Provincial Government of West Kalimantan has adopted three principles strategies for the development and implementation of REDD, these being:1.  Reducing deforestation through continuous improvement in local government policies and institutions including law enforcement and management of Technical Implementation Units (UPT’s). Current UPTs already established include the UPT on Forest Inventory and Mapping, Land and Forest Fire Control Unit, the National Parks Unit, the Institute for Watershed Management, the Forest Resources Conservation Center, the Institute for Monitoring of Forest Production and the Forestry Information Center.2.   Creating incentives for better forest management and removing incentives that lead to deforestation from private parties who exploit natural resources that belong to the public.  Establish a Green Investment Award to companies in the field of forestry, plantation, agriculture and mining in implementing Zero Burning and Reduced Impact Logging (RIL) policies. Establish a mechanism for environmental assessment through an integrated team consisting of NGOs, media, universities and government agencies.3.   Overseeing payments / incentives for REDD so as to avoid corruption by certain elites while supported by mechanisms which are transparent, accountable and free from political influence. This mechanism would involve the stakeholders / community organizations that already exist such as the Council of Traditional Malay Culture (MABM), Council of Indigenous Dayak (DAD), the Alliance of other indigenous communities both at the level of district / city or village.In addition to this the Government of West Kalimantan is revising its spatial plan with the goal of maintaining 50-60% of West Kalimantan forested while optimizing 1.5 million hectares of non-productive forest estates.


The Agrarian Law of 1960 - Indonesian forestry jurisdiction and natural resource management. Guiding regulation for recognizing and awarding types of rights over land. - FunctionalThe Forestry Law of 1999 - Empowers the Department of Forestry to determine and manage Indonesia’s Kawasan Hutan (Forest Zone). Outlines forest function. - FunctionalPermenhut No. 68/2008 - Describes the permission and approval procedures of REDD’s demonstration activities - FunctionalPermenhut No. 30/2009 - Regulates procedures on the implementation of REDD including requirements that should be fulfilled by developers, verification and certifications, and terms and conditions of REDD’s implementing bodies - FunctionalPermenhut No 36/2009 - Regulates the permission procedures of REDD projects through carbon sequestration and storage. It includes revenues sharing, application, collection, depositing, and utilisation procedures of revenues from REDD projects - Semi-functional / under reviewWest Kalimantan Provincial Regulation No. 8 Year 2006 - About the Utilization and Distribution of Belian Wood in the Region of West Kalimantan Province.  - ActiveWest Kalimantan Provincial Regulation No. 6 of 1998 - About Fire Prevention and Control of Forest and Land.  - ActiveGovernor Regulation No. 103 of 2009 - Procedure and Controls for Land and Forest Fires in West Kalimantan - ActiveGovernor's Decree No.  35 of 2010 - Concerning Guidelines and Verification for the  Application of Village Forest Management Rights In West Kalimantan Province – ActiveP.20/Menhut-II/2012 – on Implementation of Forest CarbonP.18/Menhut-II/2012 dated 11 April 2012 – on Procedures for Assessing Compensation for Plants Rehabilitated from Forest Use and Changes in Forest UseP.19/Menhut-II/2012 dated 11 April 2012 – on Second Amendment to Forestry Minister’s Decree (Permenhut) No. P.62/Menhut-II/2008 on Work Plan for Utilization of Timber Products from Industrial Plantation Forests and People’s Plantation ForestsP.17/Menhut-II/2012 dated 8 April 2012 – on Technical Guidelines to People’s NurseryP.13/Menhut-II/2012 dated 2 April 2012 – on Provision of Online Information on Forestry LicensingP.14/Menhut-II/2012 dated 8 April 2012 – on Guidelines to Implementation of Forest and Land Rehabilitation in 2012P.15/Menhut-II/2012 dated 8 April 2012 – on General Guidelines to Development of Conservation-Based Rural ForestryP.16/Menhut-II/2012 dated 8 April 2012 – on Guidelines to One-Billion-Tree Planting in 2012P.12/Menhut-II/2012 – on Second Amendment to Permenhut No. P.32/Menhut-II/2009 on Procedures for Developing Technical Plan for Forest and Land Rehabilitation in Riparian Areas (Rtk RHL-DAS)Government Regulation No.37 of 2012 dated 1 March 2012 – on River Basin ManagementP.6/Menhut-II/2012 dated 10 February 2012 – on Devolution of Part of Governmental Affairs in the Field of Forestry in 2012 to 33 Governors as Government’s RepresentativesP.7/Menhut-II/2012 dated 10 February 2012 – on Devolution of Part of Governmental Affairs in the Field of Forestry in 2012 to Berau Regent, Malinau Regent, and Kapuas Hulu Regent in the framework of REDD Demonstration ActivitiesP.4/Menhut-II/2012 dated 26 January 2012 – on Amendment to Permenhut No. P.48/Menhut-II/2010 on Ecotourism Development in Reserves, National Parks, Forest Parks and Natural Tourism ParksP.1/Menhut-II/2012 dated 9 January 2012 – on Guidelines to Province Level Forestry PlanningInstitutional Framework


Content Currently Unavailable


Content Currently Unavailable


Content Currently Unavailable





REDD+ Safeguards

Overview

Social
                                

Rights & Tenure
Transparency & Participation
Benefits Sharing


Environmental
                                

Biodiversity
Ecosystem Services



Target population and rights recognitionSocial groups reached by the REDD Program and number of people directly benefitedThe social groups targeted for outreach by the REDD Program are a) indigenous peoples who have traditional ownership rights to land / forest areas impacted by the REDD Program and 2) social groups (who may or may not be indigenous peoples) who directly impact the land / forest areas through their daily activities (both legal and illegal, i.e. collecting firewood, logging, conversion to agriculture, grazing). Other social groups include those who rely on the supply of forest products to support their own industry (i.e. small-scale logging mills / manufacturers, agricultural industry, supply of meat). In this way the REDD Program is aimed at benefiting those social groups who directly impact the forest and those groups who act as part of the ‘supply-chain’ of forest products. The number of people directly benefiting is not able to be quantified at this time because the program itself is still under development / implementation phase characterized by pilot projects identified in point 13.   Procedures taken by proponent and evidence that REDD Program acknowledges the rights and role of indigenous peoples and local communitiesIn West Kalimantan, the West Kalimantan Malay Customary Council, the Council of Indigenous Dayak and the Ethnic Alliance are both active and respected entities. It is together with these entities that the government is active in capacity building, technical assistance and technology transfer with the goal that social institutions can be strengthened in line with government institutions in order to strengthen the ability to calculate carbon stocks and establishment of a forestry database in order to effectively implement community-based forest management.  It is envisaged that REDD will be able to preserve a balanced forest function in terms of economy and ecology while directly benefiting both local and global communities. Needs identified for rights recognition improvementThere is a need for analysis of current legal frameworks (national and regional) to address rights recognition (incorporating land and carbon ownerships rights) in particular as relates to local and indigenous communities and regional and special autonomy laws.  This framework would need to be harmonized across provincial and central government regulations.


Land/forest tenure administration and relation with REDDLegal support and protection of forest tenureAs outlined in Benefits Sharing, currently the only way to establish forest tenure which could be used to develop either voluntary or compliance REDD projects (i.e. establish long term carbon rights) is via the Central Government regulated system of land tenure licenses / permits.  Clear responsibilities, capacity and authority for forest tenure administrationAuthorities are devolved from the National Forestry Law and regulated by the system of land tenure licenses / permits outlined previously. In all cases permits granted by the Governor / Regent (Bupati) are subject to approval / recommendation by the Minister. Subsequently, in almost all cases, the final authority for forest tenure comes in the form of a Ministerial Decree (forest utilization license in the case of forest-based activities issued by the Minister of Forestry or land use permits for oil palm issued by the Minister of Agriculture).  Actions planned or developed by governments to solve issues related to land tenure uncertainties within REDD priority areas - to be definedRelation of forest tenure solving and REDD objectives/actionsThe relation between forest tenure and REDD is central to REDD objectives / actions and importantly (being one of the objectives) equitable benefits sharing (as the process to establish tenure is reflected in the parties receiving benefits under the current mechanism). This point is also reflected in national vs. regional REDD objectives, in the sense that the current focus on meeting national emissions reductions should not be at the expense of meeting regional development. The harmonization of these factors is inherent in the Provincial Spatial Plan, although the impact of the impending (Norway-backed) moratorium will also need to be addressed in terms of REDD objectives / actions and the impact of the moratorium on tenure. Recognition of communities and indigenous peoples’ rightsThe recognition of communities and indigenous people’s rights is considered a top priority within Provincial REDD development. It is also an extremely complex issue given its relationship to the National Forestry Law and lack of clarity regarding recognition of traditional rights in the Indonesian legal context. It is widely hoped that through development of FPIC mechanisms the recognition of community and indigenous people’s rights will be able to be strengthened.  Participation of communities and indigenous peoples in forest tenure definitionForest tenure definition is established by the Forestry Law 41 in 1999 (Forestry Ministry (Central Government)). Under this law, community / indigenous forest is incorporated as a sub-set of State (national) Forest. There are various NGO’s and community groups active in lobbying this definition and asserting stronger participation of communities and indigenous people’s groups in this definition and its impact on REDD (and REDD’s alternatives). Definition of legal aspects related to property and rights to forest carbon in REDD project areas.As outlined in Benefits Sharing, property rights (i.e. rights to land) are administered by the Central Government and are required prior to establishing rights to forest carbon under regulation P.36. Currently voluntary REDD project developers are using ‘Utilisation of Wood Forest Produce’ (IUPHHK) licenses to establish carbon rights (although none have yet sold verified carbon credits) and it is widely agreed (although not yet established) that legislated community (Hutan Rakyat) and indigenous ownership (Hutan Adat), both by Ministerial Decree, could be used to establish both property and carbon rights for communities under a voluntary scheme. Conflict resolution measures in place - to be definedNeeds identified - to be determined


Transparency and participation mechanismsWhat actions have been taken to guarantee free, prior and informed consent? - to be definedBriefly describes mechanisms for consultation and continuous participation addressedGiven that more than 60% of the socio-economic conditions in West Kalimantan are dependent on the forests and resultant eco-system services, the government has taken the initiative to ensure as much as possible the participation of local communities and their representatives. In addition to working with the West Kalimantan Malay Customary Council, the Council of Indigenous Dayak and the Ethnic Alliance, the government of West Kalimantan has encouraged consultation and participation via the following activities:1. Development of Strategic Natural Assessment (KLHS) and Watershed Forum (DAS) with multi-stakeholder involvement including NGO’s, communities, media, universities, professional associations and service agencies.2. Forest Rangers (Pamhut) comprised of indigenous people to secure forest in several districts.3. Engagement of the ‘REDD+ community’. In order to achieve this the government is engaged with a number of NGOs including OEDAS who are assisting in coordinating activities and building on opportunities which will be available to local communities (including pilot models). Information on transparency of REDD programTransparency is built upon the efforts to the West Kalimantan government as outlined above.Needs identified for improvement in participation and transparency - to be determined


Benefit sharing mechanismsDescribe the broad picture of how REDD program addresses social and economic well-being of forest dependent communities Currently, the REDD program is seeking to find the best ways through which to address the social and economic well-being of forest dependent communities. FPIC is a key part of this, but so too is certainty on national policy and international carbon markets. Without certainty on carbon markets (and supporting national regulations) it will not be possible to say that REDD can address the economic well being of forest dependent communities as it will not be possible to value the communities principle ‘asset’ (carbon). Naturally, social and economic wellbeing are interlinked, with pathways to support social wellbeing needing to be supported by economic drivers / mechanisms. Description of the PES or benefit sharing mechanisms currently in place or planned (concrete elements)Currently, the only legislated benefit sharing mechanism in Indonesia is as outlined in Forestry Ministry Decree P.36/Menhut-II/2009 (Central Government) which stipulates the procedures for granting business license for the utilization of absorption and/or storage of carbon in production forest and protected forests. This license must be held in order to establish carbon rights and cannot be held as an independent license – it must be held in addition to a separate license (outlined in the below table as permits) through which the license-holder establishes an underlying right to the land itself. The first 4 license types are ‘Utilisation of Wood Forest Produce’ (IUPHHK) licenses including natural forest logging (HA), plantation forests (HT), ecosystem restoration (RE – note: this can also be used for PES), and community plantation forest (HTR). Points 5-8 refer to legislated community and indigenous ownership (note this ownership is not inherent / automatic – community / indigenous groups would need to attain Mini terial Decree in order to establish a legal right to the land which could be used to ascertain carbon rights under P.36 (with the possible exception of Papua and Aceh, although this is ongoing). Note that P.36 is currently under review pending additional input from the Ministry for Finance. No distributions have as yet been made under this scheme. Describe evidences for participation of stakeholders in the development of the mechanismsP.36 was widely hailed as the first benefit sharing mechanism legislated by any national government. However, it is widely considered that the mechanism could have benefitted further from more comprehensive stakeholder participation, both from within Government itself and affected stakeholder groups. As mentioned above, this regulation is currently under review.  Needs identified - A comparison of different benefit sharing mechanisms being discussed / developed internationally. This would be most effectively done by coordination of the GCF Secretariat with GCF members. Important points would include more detailed analysis of the realities of potential beneficiaries (i.e. ‘on the ground’) and technical mechanisms on the checks and balances on the flow of REDD funds and benefits.EnvironmentalEcosystem ServicesOne of the potential environmental services in West Kalimantan Province is its typical ecosystems, which can be utilized as ecotourism destinations. Based on the data from National Park Offices and the Provincial Natural Resource Conservation Agency (BKSDA) (2010), there are some potential areas inside the forests for ecotourism purposes. All these potential areas lie in conservation areas. It is estimated that there are a large number of non-conservation areas potentially developed for ecotourism but both the locations and potential are not well documented.BiodiversityWest Kalimantan Province contains exceptionally rich flora and fauna biodiversity. Some endemic species are established as the province’s icons such as the Enggang Gading bird and the tengkawang tree. Some of the province’s flora and fauna are protected.Three ecosystem types exist in the forests and strongly support the existence of diverse flora and fauna. Among the species found in the province are Meranti (Shorea spp), Jelutung (Dyera costulata), Keladan (Dryobalanops becarii), Mabang (Shorea pachyphylla), Kebaca (Melanorrhea walicchii) and Ramin (Gonystylus bancanus). Wild animals are also found here, including wild boars (Sus barbatus), Owa (Hylobathes agilis), monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) and Enggang Hitam bird (Bucherotidae).FinancingAudit & ReviewsThe GCF Knowledge Database will provide links to relevant audits and reviews of REDD related activities in GCF states and provinces. In addition to making this information available as part of the database, the information generated through relevant audits and reviews will be used to update and improve the quality of the information in the database and to provide feedback to GCF states and provinces as they move forward in developing programs to reduce emissions from land use and deforestation.[For now, this is the same on each state/province page.]Registry


West Kalimantan Province contains exceptionally rich flora and fauna biodiversity. Some endemic species are established as the province’s icons such as the Enggang Gading bird and the tengkawang tree. Some of the province’s flora and fauna are protected.Three ecosystem types exist in the forests and strongly support the existence of diverse flora and fauna. Among the species found in the province are Meranti (Shorea spp), Jelutung (Dyera costulata), Keladan (Dryobalanops becarii), Mabang (Shorea pachyphylla), Kebaca (Melanorrhea walicchii) and Ramin (Gonystylus bancanus). Wild animals are also found here, including wild boars (Sus barbatus), Owa (Hylobathes agilis), monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) and Enggang Hitam bird (Bucherotidae).FinancingAudit & ReviewsThe GCF Knowledge Database will provide links to relevant audits and reviews of REDD related activities in GCF states and provinces. In addition to making this information available as part of the database, the information generated through relevant audits and reviews will be used to update and improve the quality of the information in the database and to provide feedback to GCF states and provinces as they move forward in developing programs to reduce emissions from land use and deforestation.[For now, this is the same on each state/province page.]Registry


One of the potential environmental services in West Kalimantan Province is its typical ecosystems, which can be utilized as ecotourism destinations. Based on the data from National Park Offices and the Provincial Natural Resource Conservation Agency (BKSDA) (2010), there are some potential areas inside the forests for ecotourism purposes. All these potential areas lie in conservation areas. It is estimated that there are a large number of non-conservation areas potentially developed for ecotourism but both the locations and potential are not well documented.






Sources













          © Governors' Climate and Forests Task Force, 2017.
        






Privacy Policy | Surgical Center for Excellence



























Surgical Center for Excellence


850-522-1930


Skip to content
Home
About

Our Mission


Staff
Physician Partners
Patients

About Your Surgery
Satisfaction Survey
Insurance and Billing
Patient Rights
Privacy Policy
Grievances and Directives


FAQ
Contact
Pay My Bill
 






Privacy Policy

THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED
AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE
REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Notice describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment, payment or health care operations and for other purposes permitted or required by law. We must follow the privacy practices described in this Notice while it is in effect. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Notice and to make the new Notice effective for all future protected health information we maintain. We will post the most current Notice and make the new Notice available to anyone. You may request a copy of current Notice at any time. This Notice also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information, which is health information that is created or received by your health care provider.
USES AND DISCLOSURES OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
We will use and disclose health information to provide treatment, obtain payment, and conduct health care operations.

Treatment: To provide and coordinate your health care. For example, we may disclose protected health information to physicians or other health care professionals who may be treating you or consulting with us. Examples include your physicians, anesthesia provider, or pharmacist.
Payment: To obtain payment for the services. This may include contact with your insurance company to get the bill paid and to determine benefits of your health plan. We may also disclose information to another provider involved in your care so the provider can get paid. For example, we may give information to anesthesia providers so they can contact your insurer about payment for their services.
Operations: To perform our own health care activities such as quality assessment and improvement, licensing or credentialing, and general business administration.
Other Uses and Disclosures: To remind you of appointments or to a family member, friend, or other person to the extent necessary to help with your healthcare or with payment for your healthcare, or to notify family or others involved in your care concerning your location or condition. You may object to these disclosures. If you do not or cannot object, we will use our professional judgment to make reasonable assumptions about to whom we can make disclosures.
Other Uses and Disclosures Permitted: to comply with laws and regulations.

When Legally Required by any federal, state or local law.
When There Are Risks to Public Healthsuch as:

To prevent, control, or report disease, injury or disability as required
or permitted by law.
To report vital events such as birth or death as required by law.
To conduct public health surveillance, investigations and interventions
as required by law.
To collect or report adverse events and product defects, track Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulated products, enable product recalls, repairs or replacements and review.
To notify a person who has been exposed to a communicable disease or who may be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease as authorized by law.
To report to an employer information about an individual who is a member of the workforce as legally permitted or required.


To Report Suspected Abuse, Neglect Or Domestic Violence as required by law.
To Conduct Health Oversight Activities such as audits; civil, administrative, or criminal investigations, proceedings, or actions; inspections; licensing or disciplinary actions; or other activities necessary for appropriate oversight as required
or authorized by law.
In Connection With Judicial And Administrative Proceedings such as in the course of any judicial or administrative proceeding.
For Law Enforcement Purposes.Examples are:

As required by law for reporting of certain types of wounds or other physical injuries.
Upon court order, court-ordered warrant, subpoena, summons or similar process.
For the purpose of identifying or locating a suspect, fugitive, material witness or missing person.
Under certain limited circumstances, when you are the victim of a crime.
To law enforcement if there is concern that your health condition was the result of criminal conduct.
In an emergency to report a crime.


For Organ Donation or to Coroners or Funeral Directors such as for organ, eye or tissue donations; identification purposes; performing other duties authorized by law.
For Research Purposes when the use or disclosure for research has been approved by an institutional review board that has reviewed the research proposal and research protocols to address the privacy of your protected health information.
In the Event of a Serious Threat to Health or Safety and consistent with applicable law and ethical standards of conduct, if we believe, in good faith, that such use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety or to the health and safety of the public.
For Specified Government Functions relating to military and veterans activities, national security, protective services, medical suitability determinations, correctional institutions, and law enforcement situations.
For Worker’s Compensation to comply with worker’s compensation
laws or similar programs.



PATIENT RIGHTS
Other than as stated above, we will not disclose your health information other than with your written authorization. You may revoke your authorization in writing at any time except to the extent that we have taken action based upon the authorization. At the end of this Privacy Notice is information about how to contact the Privacy Officer to request information, copies, express concerns, complain, or authorize additional uses and disclosure of your information.

See and copy your medical records and other records used to make treatment and payment decisions about you. There are some limitations, based upon the federal law. You must submit a written request. We may charge you a fee for copying, mailing or incurring other costs in complying with your request. We may deny your request to see or copy your protected health information if, in our professional judgment, we determine that the access requested is likely to endanger life or safety of you or another person. You have the right to request a review of this decision.
Request a restriction on uses and disclosures of your protected health information. The facility is not required to agree to a restriction and we will notify you if we deny your request. If the facility does agree to the requested restriction, we will abide by this agreement unless use or disclose of the information becomes essential to provide emergency treatment.
The right to request to receive confidential communications by alternative means or at an alternative location. You have the right to request that we communicate with you in certain ways. We will not require you to provide an explanation for your request. We will accommodate reasonable requests. We may condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact.
The right to request we amend your protected health information. A request for an amendment must be in writing and it must explain why the information should be amended. Under certain circumstances, we may deny your request.
The right to receive an accounting of disclosures. You have the right to request an accounting of how we or our business associates disclosed your protected health information for purposes other than treatment, payment or health care operations. We are not required to account for disclosures that you requested, disclosures that you agreed to by signing an authorization form, disclosures to friends or family members involved in your care, or certain other disclosures we are permitted to make without your authorization. The request for an accounting must be made in writing. We are not required to provide an accounting for disclosures that occurred prior to April 14, 2003 or for periods of time in excess of six years. The first accounting you request during any 12-month period will be without charge. Additional accounting requests may be subject to a reasonable fee.
The right to obtain a paper copy of this notice at any time.
The right to be informed in writing of a breach where your unsecured protected
health information has been accessed, acquired, used or disclosed to an unauthorized person or entity.

COMPLAINTS
You have the right to express complaints to the facility if you believe that your privacy rights have been violated. We encourage you to express any concerns you have regarding the privacy of your information. You will not be retaliated against in any way for filing a complaint. You may complain to the facility’s Privacy Officer in person, by phone, or in writing. You also have the right to express complaints to the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
CONTACT PERSON
TO MAKE REQUESTS, TO LEARN MORE, TO FILE A COMPLAINT, OR TO EXPRESS CONCERNS, PLEASE CONTACT THE PRIVACY OFFICER. YOU MAY MAKE CONTACT IN PERSON, BY EMAIL, OR IN WRITING.
Attention: Kim Pascoe – Privacy Officer
By Email: Kim Pascoe

By Mail: 202 Doctors Drive, Panama City, Florida 32405



Comments are closed.





Patient Information Before Surgery
Pre-Operative Instructions and procedures that the patient will need to follow prior to surgery >>
Day of Surgery
Operative Instructions and procedures that the patient will need to follow day of surgery >>
After Surgery
Post-Operative Instructions and procedures that the patient will need to follow after surgery >>
Frequently Asked Questions
Satisfaction Survey
Patient Rights
Insurance and Billing
Privacy Policy
Grievances & Directives
 
 We are conveniently located near Gulf Coast Hospital.
Our hours of operation:
Mon - Fri  6AM - 5PM
Map and Directions
 






© 2017 Surgical Center for Excellence, LLLP. All rights reserved.
202 Doctors Drive, Panama City, FL 32405-4454
(850) 522-1930



Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
|
Florida Health Finder




































































































Green Climate Fund steps up to reduce deforestation and forest degradation | CIFOR Forests News Blog
 

























CIFOR 

SUBSCRIBE 







ENGLISH 


ENGLISH
FRANÇAIS
BAHASA
ESPAÑOL



ENGLISH
FRANÇAIS
BAHASA
ESPAÑOL

























                                            MENU
                                        

CLOSE ×





 

IN FOCUS
Peatlands
Restoration
Climate change
Rights
 











SUBSCRIBE












FORESTS NEWS 












FORESTS NEWS 











Connect: 














































































 



 











IN FOCUS : 


























FORESTS NEWS 


























                                            Green Climate Fund steps up to reduce deforestation and forest degrada ...                                                                                    










+
































Helping Indonesian craftsmen go global, sustainably  Next Article 

FLEGT in Indonesia: Golden child or guinea pig?  Previous Article 








Analysis 


										Green Climate Fund steps up to reduce deforestation and forest degradation									





										Key insights from the 17th Meeting of the GCF Board in Songdo, Korea
									


 Share

			Tweet
0 Shares







+





















Stephen Leonard @svleo1111


Friday, 14 Jul 2017




									Shares								
0










 



												Related stories
											









									Progress and preservation – a dichotomous struggle								










									Is REDD+ playing fair?								










									The cost of missed opportunities								










									Forests, people and data								







 South Korea - The Green Climate Fund (GCF) recently adopted two new decisions intended to reduce global emissions from deforestation and forest degradation, as well as to support forest restoration and conservation in developing countries via REDD+.
These two new decisions relate to:

The GCF’s role in financing development of policies and preparatory activities in developing countries; and
The GCF’s policy related to making payments for verified emission reductions achieved through such policies and measures.

 CONTEXT OF THE GCF
It has been a long trek to get to this point at the international level. The work on REDD+ started as early as 2005, and the international framework was finalized between 2013 and 2015. The UN Climate Convention Standing Committee on Finance has more recently been undertaking work to move the finance discussion forward since 2014 and much groundwork has been done through initiatives led by the World Bank, UNDP, UNEP and the FAO, such as the Forest Carbon Partnership Facility and the UN-REDD Programme.
Since efforts to curb forest loss and restore and conserve forests commenced through REDD+, there has been more than USD $6 billion provided to countries across Asia, Africa and Central and South America- mostly on behalf of the governments of Norway, Germany, the U.K. and the U.S. Now, more funding (likely several hundreds of millions of USD), is expected to come from the GCF.
However, despite all these efforts, only one country- Brazil- has been able to show a decrease in deforestation. But this trend has been reversed with a recent growth in deforestation. The complexities associated with REDD+ and its lack of emissions reductions results has thus caused many to question the potential for the framework to mitigate climate change.
Attempts to achieve these objectives by relying on private sector finance and carbon markets (negligible to non-existent) have been marred with controversy associated with on the ground realities of rights of indigenous peoples and local communities. These tensions remain, with deep divides persisting on topics such as carbon markets, offsets, lack of respect for indigenous rights, and continued uncertainty related to land tenure in many countries.
Despite this, slowing, halting and reversing forest cover and carbon loss remains a global priority. The UN Sustainable Development Goal 15 seeks to achieve this by 2020. Reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation, and restoring and conserving forests was also identified as a priority action in the Paris Agreement.
The global community is well-aware of the importance of forests to the climate change agenda, and heavy reliance is being placed on forest and land use to achieve the goals outlined by the Paris Agreement.
GCF RELATING TO EARLY PHASES OF REDD+
The first decision made at the recent 17th Meeting of the GCF Board in Songdo, Korea, addressed the type of support to be provided by the GCF to enact the enabling conditions, policies and measures required to support Phases 1 and 2 of REDD+.





REDD+
REDD+ results-based finance


The multi-billion dollar fund will support countries to develop strategies and action plans, reference levels to measure emissions, forest monitoring systems and safeguard systems, as well as land tenure reform, and will put emphasis on issues related to gender, indigenous peoples rights and environmental integrity.
The GCF intends to makes it a priority to enhance countries’ capacities to safeguard the rights of local and indigenous communities and to seek strict adherence to social and environmental safeguards.
The GCF says it will ensure relevant stakeholders and civil society groups are consulted, with particular attention paid to the rights of indigenous peoples. It will focus on investments that build local and long-lasting capacities and stakeholder engagement processes.
The GCF will support projects and programs, which target the following:

Previously forested lands: to reduce pressure on forests by increasing productivity of agricultural lands through more efficient and proven technologies, reforestation and agroforestry and restoration of natural forests;
Managed forests: targeting forests in proximity to the agricultural frontier. This may come in the form of sustainable forest management for timber or non‐timber forest products, payments for ecosystem services, and ecotourism; and
Primary forests: recognizing land tenure rights, strengthening law enforcement measures, creating large‐scale protected areas, maintaining the livelihoods and cultural values of forest‐dependent people and long‐term conservation of these forests and the ecosystem services they provide.

The decision also identifies that the GCF will engage with the private sector through its Private Sector Facility. Through this facility, the GCF considers that it may provide support by:

Providing funding and instruments to generate credit lines with improved loan conditions for sustainable agricultural practices conditional to maintaining natural forests and/or increasing forest areas;
Financing technical assistance to small‐scale farmers to improve capacities and generate opportunities to engage in deforestation‐free supply chains; and
Providing guarantees to reduce market risks, and other risks inherent to the forestry and land use sectors, including climate variability.

At this point in time, the GCF’s approach to engagement with the private sector is still in its infancy. Work will commence in the coming months to further develop a policy on the way in which the Fund interacts with the private sector, likely including the topic of trading in forest carbon.
Tosi Mpanu Mpanu of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), a leading Board Member working on this issue, underscored the intention of the GCF to become a global leader on this topic. It was emphasized by Mpanu Mpanu and other Board members that funding should not be limited to just a few countries, but to all the countries that require support to achieve emissions reductions from forests.
Germany’s Board Member Karsten Sachs emphasized the need to ensure clarity on the comparative advantage of the GCF over other funds proving finance on the same subject. He elaborated that further work needs to be done on the cohesion and complementarity with initiatives such as the FCPF and UN-REDD. Sachs also emphasized the importance of support for work by Germany and the importance of strengthening the role of the private sector, including through supply chain management.
The decision was welcomed by representatives of indigenous peoples, who reinforced that land rights are the basis of success for interventions of this type. They emphasized the need to ensure prevention of risks arising from implementation and their desire to see support from the GCF in strengthening land rights.
PAYMENTS FOR FOREST EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS
The second decision was on the topic related to payment for results – meaning verified emissions reductions achieved by following the processes set out by the UNFCCC Framework related to REDD+. The decision was entitled, “Pilot Program for REDD+ Results Based Payments”.





Paris Agreement
Getting down to business in Bonn 


This was a more technical decision than the previous one, and one in which the GCF Board members ensured their UNFCCC expert negotiators were present to provide consul on (including the U.S., Norway, Malaysia and Brazil).
The results-based payments decision contained the following aspects as the “Key Procedural and technical elements”:
a) Access modality: requests would be channeled through accredited entities of the GCF, albeit acting in a more limited role.
b) Financial valuation of results: proposed a uniform and fixed price of USD $5 per ton CO2 eq. for the pilot program.
c) Size of the Request For Payments (RFP): proposed allocating between USD $300 million and USD $500 million for the pilot program. It was noted that as of June 2017, 25 countries have completed their reference levels, and the Technical Analysis by the UNFCCC and four countries have submitted REDD+ results to the UNFCCC Secretariat with a potential volume of emissions reductions from countries ranging between 600 and 2500 million tonnes of CO2 eq. over the last two to four years.
d) Double payment and double financing: considered by the GCF Secretariat to be where a country receives both support for activities pertaining to Phases 1 and 2 of REDD+, and payments for the results achieved during the same periods in Phase 3, proposing that this can be managed through appropriate control policies (i.e. registry systems).
e) Use of proceeds: Proposed that countries receiving REDD+ results-based payments (RBPs) should reinvest the proceeds in activities in line with countries’ Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs).
f) Ownership, legal title and implications on NDCs: the emissions reductions paid for by the GCF under the pilot program are proposed not to be transferred to the GCF and should be retired. In other words, it’s a ‘non market’ approach.
g) Eligibility date for results and length of the RFP: Concerns the eligibility date of results (past or future) for payments. The Secretariat suggested the pilot only consider recent ex-post results. The length of the entire process could take up to two years (from the launch of the request for payments to the distribution of payments).
h) Scale of implementation: proposals should be designed to achieve tons of emissions reductions or enhanced removals at national, or in the interim, sub-national level.
i) Forest reference emission levels / Forest reference levels (FREL/FRL) and results: The GCF proposes to employ a scorecard to create a bridge from UNFCCC Technical Analysis processes to GCF RBP payments.
j) Operationalization of the Cancun safeguards: Noting differences between the Cancun safeguards and the GCF environmental and social standards, countries applying for results-based payments will have the primary responsibility of demonstrating how the Cancun safeguards have been addressed and respected in the implementation of the REDD+ activities through their Summary of Information. The AEs, working with the countries, will prepare and document an assessment describing how the GCF interim standards have been met and applied in the REDD+ activities. Again, a scorecard will play an important role.
The Secretariat identified the need to better understand the size of the pilot, the eligibility date, the distribution of payments, and the application of the scorecard.
The Board members approached the issue with caution, recognizing the complexities, sensitivities and history of international negotiations on the topic.
Caroline Leclerc of Canada, one of the champions leading the process, mentioned the complexities and the inter-linkages of topics, as well as the fact that the Board is not in a place to fully agree on all the parts of the proposed decision.
Mpanu Mpanu mentioned that the price may be a complicated issue as it costs many countries more per ton than USD $5 to reduce emissions through the forest and land use sector.
The Board members commenced putting forward different positions, making it clear that there was not going to be agreement on many issues. Diverse positions and concerns arose on various topics including: eligibility dates, transfer, the size of the GCF envelope, price, double financing, assessment, and the content of the scorecard.
NEXT STEPS
Following a full day of consultations and closed room negotiations, the Board finally took note of the progress made. It asked the Secretariat to undertake further analysis to finalize the draft request for further consideration on proposals at the 18th Meeting of the Board, which will be held in Cairo, Egypt this September.





PMRV
Participatory monitoring for REDD+ put to the test 


The GCF approach to forests, on paper at least, seems encouraging in many ways. This major global fund is seeking, at this point in time, to look beyond merely economic incentives such as markets and carbon trading to holistic landscape and cross-sectoral approaches with broad stakeholder engagement. The fund seems to embrace both market and non-market approaches.
Although these decisions are about REDD+ specifically, the GCF is making efforts to look beyond the limitations associated with the current REDD+ framework concerning matters such as addressing drivers of deforestation.
It is also seeking to enhance respect for rights. In recent years, there has been a significant improvement of the Fund’s approach to indigenous peoples’ rights. This is reflected in the recent decisions taken and the ongoing work related to a standalone indigenous peoples policy expected to be put forth at the next Board meeting.
It is also noteworthy that the GCF is progressively laying the groundwork to engage in more depth on carbon trading-related interventions, which will no doubt in due course give rise to increasing controversy and potential for reputational risk to the fund.
The proof, however, will be in the project approval, implementation, monitoring and evaluation. The GCF is still on a learning curve when it comes to project implementation, with 43 projects now approved and valued at around USD $2 billion.
Very little funding has started to flow and getting money out the door has been challenging. Projects approved by the GCF have come under some criticism for lacking consultations with stakeholders, and the Fund will need to ensure that these issues do not reoccur as it moves further into the realm of forests and landscapes.
(Visited 960 times, 11 visits today)

For more information on this topic, please contact Stephen Leonard at s.leonard@cgiar.org.  This research forms part of the CGIAR Research Program on Forests, Trees and Agroforestry. 






















Topic(s) :   
								Climate change 

Keyword(s) :   
																	climate
climate change
climate change adaptation
climate change mitigation
deforestation
degradation
GCF
Green Climate Fund
REDD+


Location:   
							South Korea





										Most popular									









										Green Climate Fund steps up to reduce deforestation and forest degradation									










										Make it rain: Planting forests could help drought-stricken regions									










										Forests as food									










										FLEGT in Indonesia: Golden child or guinea pig?									












  

Stephen Leonard @svleo1111 
 




									More by 										Stephen Leonard  






															REDD+ results-based finance														








															Getting down to business in Bonn														






									See all stories by									Stephen Leonard  




										More in										Climate change 







															Got a minute? Get facts on dry forests … fast														








															REDD+ pioneers or guinea pigs?														








															REDD+ results-based finance														








															To find real solutions, focus beyond climate emissions														




										See all on 										 Climate change or  Peruvian Amazon 


Most popular







									Green Climate Fund steps up to reduce deforestation and forest degradation								








									Make it rain: Planting forests could help drought-stricken regions								








									Forests as food								








									FLEGT in Indonesia: Golden child or guinea pig?								






















Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR)


					CIFOR advances human well-being, equity and environmental integrity by conducting innovative research, developing partners’ capacity, and actively engaging in dialogue with all stakeholders to inform policies and practices that affect forests and people. CIFOR is a CGIAR Research Center, and leads the CGIAR Research Program on Forests, Trees and Agroforestry (FTA). Our headquarters are in Bogor, Indonesia, with offices in Nairobi, Kenya, Yaounde, Cameroon, and Lima, Peru.
					







































































In Focus


Peatlands
Restoration
Climate change
Rights





Newsletter












Latest Tweets



Follow @cifor







 The views expressed in forests news are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the Center for International Forestry Research.
Content may be published by others according to a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommerical-Share
					Alike License.
























































