










 













 







GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund V, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Dwin  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund V, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Maples Corporate Services Limited  
    Ugland House, Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 312-506-6500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-09


New


$90,967,084


$90,967,084


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Dasha Dwin 
 Executive 


 Lilly Farahnakian 
 Executive 


 Eric Felton 
 Executive 


 N/A Gcm Fiduciary Services, Llc 
 Director 


 N/A Gcm, L.L.C. ("Gcm") 
 Promoter 


 N/A Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. ("Grosvenor") 
 Promoter 


 N/A Grosvenor Holdings, L.L.C. 
 Promoter 


 Jonathan Levin 
 Executive 


 Paul Meister 
 Director, Executive 


 Burke Montgomery 
 Executive 


 Michael Sacks 
 Executive 












GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P.
List of persons related to the company GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001689878Company address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED PO BOX 309 UGLAND HOUSE, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 312-506-6500



People related to GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryJ. Montgomery  Burke900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILS. Dwin  Dasha900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Felton  Eric900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILR. Levin  Jonathan900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILFARAHNAKIAN  LILLY900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE SUITE 1100CHICAGOILJ. Sacks  Michael900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  GCM Fiduciary Services, LLC900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  GCM, L.L.C. ("GCM")900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. ("Grosvenor")900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Holdings, L.L.C.900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Meister  Paul900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoIL




GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesGCM Credit Opportunity Fund LP, GCM Equity Partners LP, GCM GLOBAL PARTNERS, LP, GCM Grosvenor California Impact SBIC Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Charter Oak, LLC, GCM Grosvenor China Harvest III Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor CIS II Onshore Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Co-Investment Opportunities Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Co-Investment Opportunities Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Customized Infrastructure Strategies II, L.P., GCM GROSVENOR HPP INVESTMENT LP, GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd., GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund V, Ltd., GCM Grosvenor Secondary Opportunities Feeder Fund II, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Secondary Opportunities Fund II, L.P.












 








GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd.
List of persons related to the company GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd..

CIK Number: 0001631696Company address: MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE, SOUTH CHURCH STREET GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 312-506-6500



People related to GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryJ. Montgomery  Burke900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILS. Dwin  Dasha900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Felton  Eric900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILN/A  GCM, L.L.C.900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILN/A  Grosvenor Holdings, LLC900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILBasso  Ivaldo900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILR. Levin  Jonathan900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILD. Gutman  Joseph900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILH. Nesler  Joseph900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILFARAHNAKIAN  LILLY900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE SUITE 1100CHICAGOILJ. Sacks  Michael900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P.900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILn/a  Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. ("Grosvenor")900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoILA. Meister  Paul900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100ChicagoIL




GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd. on the Web
Related companiesGCM Credit Opportunity Fund LP, GCM Equity Partners LP, GCM GLOBAL PARTNERS, LP, GCM Grosvenor California Impact SBIC Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Charter Oak, LLC, GCM Grosvenor China Harvest III Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor CIS II Onshore Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Co-Investment Opportunities Feeder Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Co-Investment Opportunities Fund, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Customized Infrastructure Strategies II, L.P., GCM GROSVENOR HPP INVESTMENT LP, GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund V, Ltd., GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Master Fund V, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Secondary Opportunities Feeder Fund II, L.P., GCM Grosvenor Secondary Opportunities Fund II, L.P.












 


















GCM Grosvenor










































Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Client Login








About GCM Grosvenor

Who We Are
Our History


Investment & Advisory

How We Invest
How We Work With Clients
Our Clients


Our People
Corporate Citizenship
Join Us

Why Join GCM Grosvenor
Campus Recruiting
Careers


Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Client Login
 





 



Our People

























Close






Filter by:
Office of the Chairman

Reset




Thumbnail
Name
Title
Group
Location
Sortable Name
Filters
Bio

Michael J. SacksChairman and CEOOffice of the ChairmanChicagoSacks, Michael J.CHAIR|EXECMr. Sacks is the firm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sacks leads all investment and operational aspects of the firm. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1988 through 1990, Mr. Sacks was associated with Harris Associates, L.P. Mr. Sacks graduated with his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Tulane University in 1984 and received two degrees from Northwestern University in 1988: his Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management and his Juris Doctor from the School of Law.Paul A. MeisterVice ChairmanOffice of the ChairmanChicagoMeister, Paul A.CHAIR|EXECMr. Meister is the firm's Vice Chairman and serves as Chair of the Operations Committee. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor in 1991, from 1987 to 1991, Mr. Meister was an Associate with the Chicago law firm of Barack, Ferrazzano, Kirschbaum & Perlman, except for a 12-month period from 1989 to 1990, when he managed the real estate operations for a retail company. He received his Bachelor of Science in Accountancy with high honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1984 and his Juris Doctor cum laude from Northwestern University School of Law in 1987, where he was a member of the Northwestern University Law Review and was Order of the Coif. Mr. Meister is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the Illinois Bar. Since 2000, Mr. Meister has served on the Law Board of Northwestern University School of Law and is currently a member of its Executive Committee. Mr. Meister is also an Adjunct Professor at Northwestern University School of Law and teaches a course covering, among other things, hedge fund strategies and regulation. He also previously served on the Board of the Managed Funds Association as an Appointed Director.Jonathan R. LevinManaging DirectorOffice of the ChairmanChicagoLevin, Jonathan R.CHAIR|EXECMr. Levin is a member of the Office of the Chairman, Head of the Strategy and Corporate Development Team and Chair of the Global Investment Council. He assists in managing the firm on a day-to-day basis and is responsible for guiding the short- and long-term objectives of the business. Mr. Levin is also a member of the Investment Committees for Private Markets, Public Markets Seeding and certain opportunistic investing strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Levin was the Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., where he was responsible for managing KKR’s balance sheet investments, engaging with public investors and industry analysts, and leading strategic projects. Prior to his role as Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Levin worked in KKR’s private equity business and focused on investments in the financial services industry. Mr. Levin began his career as an Analyst within the private equity group of Bear Stearns. He holds an A.B. in Economics from Harvard College. Mr. Levin is a member of the Board of Directors of the Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago.Francis IdehenManaging DirectorOffice of the ChairmanChicagoIdehen, FrancisCHAIR|EXECMr. Idehen is the firm’s Chief Operating Officer and is a member of the Operations Committee. Mr. Idehen directly oversees the Finance, Corporate Finance, Investor Relations, Marketing, Technology, Compliance and Legal Departments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Idehen held relevant senior roles at Exelon Corporation, including Treasurer, Head of Investor Relations and Managing Director of Exelon’s Private Investments Team.  During his tenure at Exelon, he was responsible for leading the treasury organization, developing key strategic relationships with external sources of financing, implementing the investor relations program and leading and managing the Private Markets Investments team. Previously, Mr. Idehen was a Senior Portfolio Manager at Intel Corporation where he was responsible for developing investment policy and strategy, conducted due diligence and managed investment performance of public fixed income portfolios. Prior to working at Intel, Mr. Idehen held various positions at Lehman Brothers, J.P. Morgan Chase & Company, Streamline Capital, LLC, and Goldman, Sachs & Company.  Mr. Idehen received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Yale University in 1999 and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 2006.Dasha Smith Dwin Managing DirectorOffice of the ChairmanNew York Dwin, Dasha SmithCHAIR|EXECMs. Dwin serves as a member of the Office of the Chairman and is the Chief Human Resources Officer.  Ms. Dwin assists in managing the firm on a day-to-day basis and is responsible for guiding the short- and long-term objectives of the business.  Ms. Dwin is also responsible for overseeing human capital, administration, real estate, diversity, corporate and social responsibility and other key strategic initiatives. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Dwin spent ten years at Time Inc. Early in her career, Ms. Dwin practiced as a corporate attorney for the international law firms of Latham & Watkins, Covington & Burling, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. Ms. Dwin graduated from Georgetown University with a Bachelor of Science in Finance and received her Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia. Ms. Dwin serves on the Georgetown University Board of Regents and the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business.  She is also a Trustee of the Dalton School in New York City. 


Michael J. SacksChairman and CEOOffice of the ChairmanChicagoSacks, Michael J.CHAIR|EXECMr. Sacks is the firm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sacks leads all investment and operational aspects of the firm. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1988 through 1990, Mr. Sacks was associated with Harris Associates, L.P. Mr. Sacks graduated with his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Tulane University in 1984 and received two degrees from Northwestern University in 1988: his Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management and his Juris Doctor from the School of Law.Paul A. MeisterVice ChairmanOffice of the ChairmanChicagoMeister, Paul A.CHAIR|EXECMr. Meister is the firm's Vice Chairman and serves as Chair of the Operations Committee. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor in 1991, from 1987 to 1991, Mr. Meister was an Associate with the Chicago law firm of Barack, Ferrazzano, Kirschbaum & Perlman, except for a 12-month period from 1989 to 1990, when he managed the real estate operations for a retail company. He received his Bachelor of Science in Accountancy with high honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1984 and his Juris Doctor cum laude from Northwestern University School of Law in 1987, where he was a member of the Northwestern University Law Review and was Order of the Coif. Mr. Meister is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the Illinois Bar. Since 2000, Mr. Meister has served on the Law Board of Northwestern University School of Law and is currently a member of its Executive Committee. Mr. Meister is also an Adjunct Professor at Northwestern University School of Law and teaches a course covering, among other things, hedge fund strategies and regulation. He also previously served on the Board of the Managed Funds Association as an Appointed Director.Jonathan R. LevinManaging DirectorOffice of the ChairmanChicagoLevin, Jonathan R.CHAIR|EXECMr. Levin is a member of the Office of the Chairman, Head of the Strategy and Corporate Development Team and Chair of the Global Investment Council. He assists in managing the firm on a day-to-day basis and is responsible for guiding the short- and long-term objectives of the business. Mr. Levin is also a member of the Investment Committees for Private Markets, Public Markets Seeding and certain opportunistic investing strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Levin was the Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., where he was responsible for managing KKR’s balance sheet investments, engaging with public investors and industry analysts, and leading strategic projects. Prior to his role as Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Levin worked in KKR’s private equity business and focused on investments in the financial services industry. Mr. Levin began his career as an Analyst within the private equity group of Bear Stearns. He holds an A.B. in Economics from Harvard College. Mr. Levin is a member of the Board of Directors of the Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago.Francis IdehenManaging DirectorOffice of the ChairmanChicagoIdehen, FrancisCHAIR|EXECMr. Idehen is the firm’s Chief Operating Officer and is a member of the Operations Committee. Mr. Idehen directly oversees the Finance, Corporate Finance, Investor Relations, Marketing, Technology, Compliance and Legal Departments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Idehen held relevant senior roles at Exelon Corporation, including Treasurer, Head of Investor Relations and Managing Director of Exelon’s Private Investments Team.  During his tenure at Exelon, he was responsible for leading the treasury organization, developing key strategic relationships with external sources of financing, implementing the investor relations program and leading and managing the Private Markets Investments team. Previously, Mr. Idehen was a Senior Portfolio Manager at Intel Corporation where he was responsible for developing investment policy and strategy, conducted due diligence and managed investment performance of public fixed income portfolios. Prior to working at Intel, Mr. Idehen held various positions at Lehman Brothers, J.P. Morgan Chase & Company, Streamline Capital, LLC, and Goldman, Sachs & Company.  Mr. Idehen received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Yale University in 1999 and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 2006.Dasha Smith Dwin Managing DirectorOffice of the ChairmanNew York Dwin, Dasha SmithCHAIR|EXECMs. Dwin serves as a member of the Office of the Chairman and is the Chief Human Resources Officer.  Ms. Dwin assists in managing the firm on a day-to-day basis and is responsible for guiding the short- and long-term objectives of the business.  Ms. Dwin is also responsible for overseeing human capital, administration, real estate, diversity, corporate and social responsibility and other key strategic initiatives. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Dwin spent ten years at Time Inc. Early in her career, Ms. Dwin practiced as a corporate attorney for the international law firms of Latham & Watkins, Covington & Burling, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. Ms. Dwin graduated from Georgetown University with a Bachelor of Science in Finance and received her Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia. Ms. Dwin serves on the Georgetown University Board of Regents and the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business.  She is also a Trustee of the Dalton School in New York City.Vikram BhaskarManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkBhaskar, Vikram0|EXECMr. Bhaskar is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee and serves on the Global Investment Council. He leads the infrastructure investment team and is involved in relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on private equity and infrastructure investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Bhaskar was a Managing Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, he was at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Credit Suisse from 1997 to 2000. Prior to joining Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Mr. Bhaskar was a Relationship Manager with Deutsche Bank from 1993 to 1997. He began his career as an audit professional for a KPMG affiliate in India from 1989 to 1992. He received his Bachelor of Commerce with honors from the University of Delhi and his Master of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Michigan. Mr. Bhaskar is a qualified chartered accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.Richard BlakeDirectorBusiness DevelopmentLondonBlake, Richard0|0Mr. Blake shares responsibility for business development and client service. He is located in the London office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Blake was responsible for global business development as a Director of Sales at BlueBay Asset Management from 2013 to 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Blake spent three years at Moore Capital Management LLP, where he was responsible for investor relations and marketing throughout Europe as Head of Investor Relations, Europe.  From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Blake was a Senior Portfolio Manager for Commerzbank AG.  From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Blake was responsible for identification and due diligence of hedge fund managers located outside of the U.S. as a Director of Research at EIM UK Ltd.  Mr. Blake received his Bachelor of Arts with honors in Financial Services from Sheffield University in 1998.  He holds the Investment Management Certificate with the CFA Society UK, and is a CFA charterholder.Peter A. BraffmanManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkBraffman, Peter A.0|EXECMr. Braffman is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee and serves on the Global Investment Council. He leads the real estate investment practice and is responsible for real estate sourcing and underwriting activities. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Braffman was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, he was a Senior Vice President at Zurich Alternative Asset Management, where he was responsible for sourcing, underwriting and executing U.S.-based real estate investments. Prior to joining Zurich Alternative, Mr. Braffman was a Vice President in the Merger and Strategic Advisory Group at Goldman Sachs, where he advised corporate clients on structured real estate valuations, monetizations and dispositions of their directly owned and used assets. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, he was an Associate at Kirkland & Ellis LLP and focused on merger, securities and asset-backed law. Mr. Braffman holds a Bachelor of Arts in Biology and History from the University of Rochester, a Master of Business Administration from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management, and a Juris Doctor from Northwestern University School of Law.Lee J. BrashearDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsCharlotteBrashear, Lee J.0|0Mr. Brashear is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department. He is involved in fund coverage, investment execution and relationship management.  Mr. Brashear focuses on equity and mezzanine co-investments, with responsibilities for deal sourcing, structuring and due diligence across diverse industries. Additionally, he serves as a Board Observer or Advisory Board member of several portfolio companies and buyout funds. He is located in the Charlotte office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Brashear was a Principal in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. He joined Credit Suisse in 2006. Previously, he was a Senior Analyst in the Private Fund Advisory Group at Lazard Freres from 2003 to 2006, where he was involved in fund raising activities for private equity funds. Mr. Brashear received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  Stephen J. BrewsterManaging DirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoBrewster, Stephen J.0|EXECMr. Brewster shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Mr. Brewster also manages the strategy for the firm’s alternative investment solutions business. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor in 1991, Mr. Brewster was associated with JMB Realty Corporation from 1985 to 1991. In 1988, he became Vice President of JMB Institutional Realty Corporation responsible for business development for U.S. institutional investors. Prior to joining JMB, Mr. Brewster was Staff Assistant to the Under Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. He received his Bachelor of Arts with honors in Economics from Williams College.Lisa A. KastigarDirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoKastigar, Lisa A.0|0Ms. Kastigar shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, she was the Director of Research at Marco Consulting Group, where she guided asset allocation studies, research and investment manager due diligence. A subset of her responsibilities was leading fund of hedge funds research, which included client education, due diligence, on-going monitoring, and reporting. She also worked at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and at the Financial Services Authority in London as a financial markets regulatory policy economist. She began her career in the financial industry working on the derivatives exchanges of the CME Group. Ms. Kastigar received her Bachelor of Science in Business Economics from Marquette University and her Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.Aris R. HatchManaging DirectorBusiness DevelopmentBostonHatch, Aris R.0|0Ms. Hatch shares responsibility for business development, client service, and consultant relations; she is located in our Boston office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Hatch was a Managing Director at HarbourVest Partners, LLC, where she led the Custom Solutions business and focused on coordinating, monitoring, and enhancing relationships with new and existing investors and consultants. Previously, she was a Vice President of the Client Service Group and Chief Administrative Officer at Rock Maple Funds, where she was responsible for business development, investor relations, and origination. Prior to this, she held various positions within the LP Services Group of Advent International Corporation, where she raised assets for global private equity and venture funds. Ms. Hatch began her career as a Consultant in the Marketing and Communication Strategy division at Ernst & Young LLC.  She received a Bachelor of Arts in English, cum laude, from Wellesley College.Christopher J. CastanoManaging DirectorBusiness DevelopmentNew YorkCastano, Christopher J. 0|0Mr. Castano shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2009 to 2010, he was head of business development at Sonar Capital Management, a long/short equity fund. From 2001 to 2009, he held a number of roles at Merrill Lynch, including head of high net worth sales for alternative investments, head of the product platform for the private banking group, and head of private equity origination for the private client group. From 1999 to 2000, he served as a consultant at Square Foot, which specializes in managing downtown revitalization and renovation projects. From 1995 to 1999, he was an attorney at Waters, McPherson, McNeill, P.C., which specializes in environmental litigation and urban redevelopment. From 1994 to 1995, he worked for the New Jersey Superior Court, in the Appellate Division. Mr. Castano received his Bachelor of Arts from Villanova University in 1991 and his Juris Doctor from Seton Hall University in 1994. He is a member of the New York Bar.Wai Yee ChengSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoCheng, Wai Yee0|0Ms. Cheng serves as a Public Markets Portfolio Manager for multi-strategy portfolios as well as other specialized strategies and custom mandates. Ms. Cheng leads activities related to the construction, implementation and monitoring of portfolios. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Cheng was a Senior Portfolio Manager for Texas Treasury Safekeeping Trust Company from 2010 to 2015. In this role, she managed the Alternative Fixed Income and Private Debt strategies for the trust company’s endowment. From 2007 to 2010, Ms. Cheng was an Associate Director in the Portfolio Management Department at Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, a $10 billion fund of hedge funds. Prior to business school, Ms. Cheng worked as an Analyst in foreign exchange sales and trading at Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong. She received her Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Chicago and her Master of Business Administration from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Ms. Cheng holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Anar A. ChudgarDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkChudgar, Anar A0|0Ms. Chudgar is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department. She is involved with deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on real estate investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Chudgar was a Principal in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Ms. Chudgar was a Senior Associate at Onex Real Estate Partners, a subsidiary of Onex Corp., where she was responsible for new business origination and execution of real estate acquisitions. Prior to joining Onex, Ms. Chudgar was an Associate at iStar Financial, Inc., where she focused on identifying, evaluating and executing strategic expansion acquisitions and financing options for the firm. She began her career as a real estate investment banker at JP Morgan Chase, where she focused on mergers and acquisitions in the Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Group. Ms. Chudgar graduated magna cum laude from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Science in Economics and a concentration in Finance, Accounting and Management.Sean J. ConroyDirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoConroy, Sean J.0|0Mr. Conroy shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1999 to 2004, he was a Vice President with ABN AMRO, working within the Fixed Income Sales Group. From 1996 to 1999, he worked as a U.S. Government Fixed Income Trader at UBS. From 1995 to 1996, he worked at Prudential Securities on the U.S. Government Fixed Income trading desk. Mr. Conroy received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Fairfield University in 1994 and his Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 2004. Mr. Conroy is a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and serves as a member of the Markets Advisory Council for the Council of Institutional Investors.Dianna Di Iorio HenrichSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoHenrich, Dianna D. 0|0Ms. Henrich serves as a Public Markets Portfolio Manager for multi-strategy portfolios as well as other specialized strategies and custom mandates. Ms. Henrich leads activities related to the construction, implementation and monitoring of portfolios. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Henrich was a Senior Financial Analyst at Goldman Sachs in Private Wealth Management and worked closely with clients to make asset allocation and manager selection decisions. She was also previously at the JPMorgan Private Bank, where she worked with bankers, investors, wealth advisors, and fiduciary officers to service ultra high net worth individuals. Ms. Henrich received her Bachelor of Arts cum laude with department honors, double majoring in Economics and Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences, from Northwestern University and her Master of Business Administration with honors and Beta Gamma Sigma membership from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Ms. Henrich holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Kevin W. DoonanSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoDoonan, Kevin W.0|0Mr. Doonan is a member of the Public Markets Research Team. He is the Strategy Head of Europe and commodity strategies. He is also a Portfolio Manager. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Doonan worked at Citigroup on the Fixed Income Capital Markets desk. From 2002 to 2006, he worked in the investment banking division at Salomon Smith Barney (now known as Citigroup), providing merger and strategic advisory services and debt and equity financing for companies in a variety of industries, including automotive, metals and mining, and agribusiness. Prior to Citigroup, Mr. Doonan worked as a Floor Analyst at Refco, Inc., a Chicago based commodities firm. He received his Bachelor of Science in Finance from Boston College in 2001.Roger AmmounManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsLondonAmmoun, Roger0|0Mr. Ammoun is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department and the Global Investment Council.  He specializes in energy, infrastructure, and renewable investments, primarily in Europe. He is located in the London office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Ammoun was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Mr. Ammoun worked at Consensus Business Group, a multi-billion dollar UK private equity group. Mr. Ammoun also led renewable, energy and infrastructure investments and sat on the group’s Investment Committee. Prior to Consensus, Mr. Ammoun worked at Reuters for more than eight years, where he held various management roles across different business units, including the management of Reuters’ internal technology venture capital portfolio. In 2004, Mr. Ammoun was appointed to lead the Reuters Consulting Group, focusing on market and credit risk management and algorithmic trading. Mr. Ammoun holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer and Communication Engineering from the American University of Beirut and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University.John K. EvansSenior Vice PresidentCorporate FinanceChicagoEvans, John K.0|0Mr. Evans shares responsibility for the firm's corporate finance operations. Mr. Evans is also responsible for managing the firm’s tax operations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he was a Tax Manager at Deloitte & Touche, L.L.P. for two years in the Investment Management Practice. He also worked as a Senior Tax Associate with Arthur Andersen, L.L.P. from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Evans graduated summa cum laude with his Bachelor of Arts from Illinois College in 1999. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of Phi Beta Kappa, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Illinois CPA Society. Mr. Evans is a member of the Tax Committee of the Managed Funds Association.Heidi H. FangSenior Vice PresidentFund FinanceNew YorkFang, Heidi H.0|0Ms. Fang oversees GP Administration and LP Administration for the Private Markets business. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Fang was a Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG for 11 years, overseeing fund administration. Previously, Ms. Fang was an Investment Banking Associate at Bear Stearns. Prior to joining Bear Stearns, Ms. Fang was a Senior Auditor at Deloitte & Touche, LLP in the Leveraged Buyout Funds Group. Her clients included Merrill Lynch and Blackstone. Ms. Fang received both a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Business Administration from the Stern School of Business, New York University. Ms. Fang is a Certified Public Accountant.Lilly FarahnakianManaging DirectorLegal and ComplianceChicagoFarahnakian, Lilly0|EXECMs. Farahnakian serves as GCM Grosvenor's Global Chief Compliance Officer. She leads the firm's Compliance Team and is responsible for ensuring that the firm maintains compliance with various federal, state, and international regulations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2010 to 2014, she was a Managing Director and Assistant General Counsel at JPMorgan Chase. During this time, she was also Head of Regulatory and Compliance functions for Research, Americas Investment Banking, Americas Control Room, and Disclosure of Interest. From 2006 to 2010, she was an Executive Director in Legal at Morgan Stanley, where she advised its Global Research Department on legal and compliance issues. From 2003 to 2006, she practiced as an in-house litigator and Assistant General Counsel at JPMorgan Chase, covering sales and trading, investment banking, research and retail. She began her legal career as a litigation associate at Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP in 1999. Ms. Farahnakian graduated with distinction, Phi Beta Kappa, from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1994 with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and French. She was also a Morehead-Cain Scholar. She received her Juris Doctor from Yale University in 1999. Ms. Farahnakian is a member of the Illinois Bar and the New York Bar.Michael KirchnerSenior Vice PresidentStrategic Investments ChicagoKirchner, Michael0|0Mr. Kirchner is a member of the Strategic Investments Group. He focuses on the Group’s direct investing and co-investment strategies and shares responsibility for sourcing, underwriting, and structuring investments in both public and private securities across asset classes.  Mr. Kirchner is also the Strategy Head for the firm’s hedge fund seeding platform, where he is responsible for sourcing and structuring seed investments in new hedge fund managers and working to support the managers’ growth. Mr. Kirchner received his Bachelor of Science in Finance with high honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2008. Mr. Kirchner holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Meichun PanSenior Vice PresidentFund FinanceChicagoPan, Meichun0|0Ms. Pan shares responsibility for the firm’s fund finance operations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, she was a Vice President in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Ms. Pan was a Manager at RSM US LLP (formerly Goldstein, Golub, Kessler & Co.) from 2003 to 2006, where she focused on hedge fund audit engagements, write-up engagements, and partnership tax return preparations. From 1999 to 2002, she was a Senior Auditor at BDO Seidman, LLP. Ms. Pan began her career at Eastwest Institute as a Staff Accountant and Accounting Manager in 1996. Ms. Pan received her Bachelor of Arts in Finance from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics, China in 1992 and her Master of Arts in Accounting from CUNY Brooklyn College in 1996. She is a Certified Public Accountant.Robert Z. FuSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoFu, Robert Z0|0Mr. Fu is a member of the Public Markets Research Team. He is the Strategy Head of macro and relative value strategies. He is also a Portfolio Manager. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2008 to 2011, he was the Strategy Head of Tactical Trading & Relative Value at Attalus Capital. From 2003 to 2008, he was a Portfolio Manager and Quantitative Analyst at Martello Investment Management. Early in his career, he held various engineering roles at Kimberly Clark Corporation. Mr. Fu graduated summa cum laude with his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics from the University of Arizona in 1995 and received his Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2003. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.David A. GeifmanSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Risk ManagementChicagoGeifman, David A.0|0Mr. Geifman is a member of the Public Markets Risk Management Team. Mr. Geifman is responsible for risk management due diligence, performance analytics, and quantitative analysis of hedge fund managers and direct investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Geifman was a Risk Management Team Leader with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago from 2009 to 2011. From 2002 until 2009, Mr. Geifman was an Executive Director with JPMorgan, where he ran the Principal Investment Group’s execution of a CMBS relative value investment strategy, portfolio hedging activity and related securitizations. Mr. Geifman was also President of One Mortgage Partners, a $4 billion captive insurance subsidiary of JPMorgan. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Geifman was Head of Risk Management for Banc One Capital Corporation. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Geifman was a Vice President in First Chicago NBD’s Venture Capital Group, where he conducted due diligence on fund investments and was the primary strategist responsible for hedging the portfolio. Mr. Geifman began his career with the First National Bank of Chicago as an Internal Auditor in 1989. Mr. Geifman graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a Bachelor of Arts in Finance and Political Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1989 and earned a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1996.Sherryl A. GilfillianDirectorInvestor OperationsNew YorkGilfillian, Sherryl A.0|0Ms. Gilfillian shares responsibility for investor operations, focusing on client on-boarding and other key client-facing functions. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Gilfillian was a Vice President at Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, from 2002 to 2005, she was Director of Investor Services at Northport Partnership Management, where she led on-boarding and anti-money laundering compliance operations. From 1997 to 2001, Ms. Gilfillian worked at MBF Clearing Corp., most recently as a Trading Desk Manager and Compliance Officer. From 1995 to 1997, she was a Manager at Demarco Commodities, Inc. She began her career at BFF Trading Group, Inc. as a Compliance Manager. Ms. Gilfillian received her Bachelor of Arts with honors in Economics and History from the University of the West Indies in 1989 and her Master of Arts in Economics from Long Island University in 1997. She is a Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist and a member of the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists.L. Layne GluntManaging DirectorCorporate FinanceChicagoGlunt, L. Layne0|0Mr. Glunt leads the firm's corporate finance operations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he was an Assistant Vice President and Controller for Jackson National Asset Management, L.L.C. for six years. Mr. Glunt also worked as an Audit Manager in the Investment Management Practice at Deloitte & Touche, L.L.P. during his tenure from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Deloitte, he worked at Ernst & Young, L.L.P. from 1994 to 1997 and left the firm as an Audit Senior in the Investment Management Practice. He graduated summa cum laude with his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Kansas State University in 1994. Mr. Glunt is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.Craig H. GoldsmithManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoGoldsmith, Craig H.0|0Mr. Goldsmith is a member of the Public Markets Research Team and serves on the Global Investment Council.  He focuses on complex credit and special opportunities. Mr. Goldsmith is also a Portfolio Manager and a member of the Special Opportunities Investment Committee. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Goldsmith worked at Banc One Capital Markets in a variety of capital markets and corporate banking positions between 1989 and 1991 and again between 1993 and 2004. From 2003 to 2004, he was a Director in the Hedge Fund Credit Group and was responsible for structured derivatives and flow trading. From 1998 to 2002, he was a Director in the Asset‐Backed and Credit Products Groups. Prior to 1998, he worked in corporate banking, middle market lending, and commercial real estate. He received his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Michigan in 1989 and his Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 1998.John DavisSenior Vice PresidentFinanceChicagoDavis, John0|0John Davis is the Head of Treasury and is responsible for cash, liquidity, and counterparty risk management for GCM Grosvenor’s funds. Mr. Davis also oversees the trading of cash and derivative instruments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor in 2014, he was the Global Head of Liquidity Management Operations at Goldman Sachs, where he was responsible for overseeing firm-wide liquidity projections, collateral optimization, and supporting the firm’s secured funding activities. Mr. Davis received his Bachelor of Science in Finance from Villanova University in 2005.Erik L. HallDirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoHall, Erik L.0|0Mr. Hall shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations.  Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he spent fourteen years with Citigroup in New York and Chicago where he held various senior positions in the Institutional Clients Group, including specializing in derivative structuring and origination. He began his career at the Chicago Office of Budget and Management in 1996.  Mr. Hall received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics with honors from Hampton University and his Master of Public Policy from the Harvard Kennedy School.  Mr. Hall serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the Chicago Community Loan Fund and the National Association of Securities Professionals (NASP).Ryan I. HanManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsHong KongHan, Ryan I.0|0Mr. Han is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department, where he is responsible for client relationship management, business development and investment activities in Asia. He is located in the Hong Kong office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Han was a Principal in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, he was one of the co-founders of EQ Partners, a Korean private equity fund. Prior to EQ partners, Mr. Han worked at Macquarie Capital in its Seoul office from 2004 to 2009, specializing in principal investment and private equity activities. From 2000 to 2003, he was with Ernst & Young, where he was mainly responsible for providing M&A advisory service to financial institutions and due diligence service to private equity funds. Mr. Han received his Master of Commerce with a concentration on Finance and Banking from the University of Sydney in 2000.Wing Yan Theresa HanManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsHong KongHan, Wing Yan Theresa0|0Ms. Han is a member of the Public Markets Research Team, serves on the Global Investment Council, and is located in the Hong Kong office. She is the Strategy Head of Asia and other globally oriented strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2008 to 2012, she was a Managing Director at China Investment Corporation, where she co-managed the hedge fund allocation portfolio. From 2001 to 2008, she was an Investment Officer with Alternative Investment Solutions of UBS Global Asset Management with responsibilities in manager research and operational due diligence in Asia. Prior to joining UBS, she was an Associate Fund Manager with Value Partners Hong Kong, responsible for the research and investment of Hong Kong listed shares and China B shares. From 1997 to 2000, she served as a Manager with the Licensing Division of the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. She began her career with PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP in the audit division as a Senior Accountant from 1994 to 1997. Ms. Han holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accountancy from Chinese University of Hong Kong. She is a qualified accountant and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® and Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst designations.Jason R. HowardDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsLos AngelesHoward, Jason R.0|0Mr. Howard is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department. Mr. Howard focuses on client portfolio management and private equity fund investments, as well as private equity co-investments and secondary fund purchases. He is located in the Los Angeles office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Howard was a Principal in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, he was an Associate in the Investment Banking Division at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Howard was also a Manager of Deal Analysis at Walt Disney Pictures and Television and a consultant for Turner Broadcasting. He began his career in the Mergers & Acquisitions Group at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Howard graduated with high honors from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University with a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1999. Mr. Howard currently serves as a member of The Salvation Army's National Advisory Board.Matthew J. HynesManaging DirectorStrategy and Corporate DevelopmentChicagoHynes, Matthew J.0|0Mr. Hynes is a member of the Strategy and Corporate Development Team and helps guide the short- and long-term objectives of the firm. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Hynes was a Senior Advisor to the Mayor and Director of the Mayor’s Office of Legislative Counsel and Government Affairs for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel. Mr. Hynes served as a key strategist on matters critical to the Mayor’s office and city government, including communications, policy development, legal strategy, crisis management, senior staffing, and city operations. Previously, he worked as an attorney in private practice, specializing in local government law, municipal finance and government relations. Mr. Hynes began his career as a staff attorney for the Federal Public Defender Program in Chicago. Mr. Hynes received his Bachelor of Arts in Government from the University of Notre Dame and his Juris Doctor from Loyola University Chicago School of Law. Mr. Hynes currently serves on the Board of Choose Chicago, where he is a member of the executive committee, and is Vice Chairman of the Chicago Sports Commission.Nicola H. IdehenSenior Vice PresidentHuman ResourcesChicagoIdehen, Nicola H. 0|0Ms. Idehen is a member of the Human Resources Team, specializing in talent development. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2010 to 2012, Ms. Idehen was a Director at Management Leadership for Tomorrow. From 2006 to 2009, she was a hedge fund product specialist at Lehman Brothers/Neuberger Berman, where she focused on creating hedge fund solutions for high net worth and institutional clients. Ms. Idehen began her career at the JP Morgan Private Bank, where she was a fixed income product specialist for both the discretionary and non-discretionary fixed income businesses. Ms. Idehen received her Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Yale University in 2000 and her Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 2006.Jonathan A. JacobySenior Vice PresidentFund FinanceNew YorkJacoby, Jonathan A.0|EXECMr. Jacoby is a senior member of the Private Markets Fund Finance department, where he oversees teams responsible for investment operations, valuations, and performance analysis and reporting. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he was the Chief Financial Officer of and a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2005. Prior to joining Credit Suisse, Mr. Jacoby worked in KPMG's asset management practice from 2002 to 2005, most recently as an audit manager focused on audits of mutual and private equity funds. Early in his career, he was an Associate at Arthur Andersen. Mr. Jacoby earned his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of Delaware in 2000 and his Master of Business Administration from Fordham University in 2010.Derek K. JonesManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkJones, Derek K.0|EXECMr. Jones is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee and serves on the Global Investment Council. He leads the co-investment team and the diverse managers practice. His responsibilities also involve relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Jones was a Managing Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Prior to Credit Suisse, he was a Managing Partner at Oncore Capital, as well as a General Partner at Provender Capital. He started his private equity career at Prudential Insurance Company as part of Prudential Equity Investors, which subsequently became Cornerstone Equity Investors, where he was a partner. Mr. Jones received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from American University and his Master of Business Administration in Finance from New York University. Mr. Jones currently serves on the Board of and was former Treasurer to the National Association of Investment Companies. He is also a recipient of the Pacesetter Award from the National Association of Investment Companies in 2012. He was also recognized as one of the 75 Most Powerful Blacks on Wall Street by Black Enterprise Magazine in 2011.Jeremy E. JosephManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoJoseph, Jeremy E.0|0Mr. Joseph is a member of the Public Markets Research Team and serves on the Global Investment Council. He is the Strategy Head of equity and event-driven strategies. He graduated magna cum laude with his Bachelor of Business Administration, double majoring in Finance and International Business, from George Washington University in 2002. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Girish S. KashyapSenior Vice PresidentLegal and ComplianceChicagoKashyap, Girish S. 0|0Mr. Kashyap is a member of the firm’s Legal and Compliance Department and leads the Public Markets Investment Product Committee. He specializes in structuring investment vehicles, product offerings, and business relationships. Mr. Kashyap also shares responsibility for managing various legal and compliance functions on a day-to-day basis. Additionally, Mr. Kashyap serves as Chief Legal Officer, Vice President, and Secretary of the Grosvenor Registered Multi-Strategy Funds. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Kashyap practiced in the Investment Management Group at K&L Gates LLP. He received his Bachelor of Arts summa cum laude in Psychology from the University of Southern California in 2002 and his Juris Doctor from Boston University School of Law in 2005. Mr. Kashyap is a member of the Illinois Bar and the Massachusetts Bar.Susan E. KirshnerDirectorMarketingChicagoKirshner, Susan E.0|0Ms. Kirshner is Head of the firm’s Marketing Department and oversees client and prospect marketing communications. Ms. Kirshner has extensive experience in the alternative investment and derivatives industries, assuming roles at the crossroads of finance, marketing and technology. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Kirshner worked in marketing for Ritchie Capital Management, L.L.C., a hedge fund investment management firm. She also worked in the derivatives industry with Wolverine Trading, L.P., Arthur Andersen L.L.P., Bank of Montreal, and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., in roles that variously included marketing, software development and research. Ms. Kirshner received her Bachelor of Science with honors in Computer Science Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and her Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.   Tomohiko KomadaJapan ExecutiveGCMJTokyoKomada, Tomohiko0|0Mr. Komada is a member of GCM Investments Japan K.K. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Komada was associated with Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank from 1991 to 2014. Most recently, he was Global Head of the Private Equity Investment Team, based in Tokyo. From 2008 to 2013, he was Head of the Private Equity Team in the Hong Kong office, where he was responsible for executing investments in a variety of private equity partnerships. He also spent five years with responsibilities in private equity portfolio management for a Sumitomo Mitsui Trust proprietary account and was involved in direct investments in middle-market Japanese companies. During his tenure, Mr. Komada worked in other businesses for the company, including corporate finance within domestic departments and an overseas subsidiary. Mr. Komada received his Bachelor of Law from Waseda University. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the United States.Scott J. LedermanManaging DirectorLegal and ComplianceChicagoLederman, Scott J.0|0Mr. Lederman shares responsibility for various business relationships and complex product offerings. Mr. Lederman is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Grosvenor Registered Multi-Strategy Funds complex, a member of the Public Markets Seeding Investment Committee, and is responsible for the legislative and regulatory affairs of the firm. In addition, he manages regulatory and administrative matters relating to GCM Grosvenor’s non-U.S. affiliates and structures and implements and manages relationships with certain third party asset managers. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1993 to 1998, Mr. Lederman was successively the General Counsel and Chief Operating Officer of S.A.C. Capital Advisors, L.L.C Before joining S.A.C., he was a Partner in the Chicago law firm of Coffield Ungaretti & Harris. From 1984 to 1988, Mr. Lederman practiced at Goldberg Kohn Bell Black Rosenbloom & Moritz, and from 1982 to 1984, he was associated with Levy & Erens. Mr. Lederman received his Bachelor of Science magna cum laude in Economics in 1978 and his Master of Business Administration in Finance in 1979 from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He then earned his Juris Doctor cum laude from the University of Chicago in 1982. Mr. Lederman is a member of the Illinois Bar and New York Bar. Mr. Lederman is the author of “Hedge Fund Regulation, Second Edition,” as well as chapters on hedge funds contained in “Financial Product Fundamentals” and “Investment Adviser Regulation,” all of which are publications of the Practicing Law Institute. Ivaldo M. BassoManaging DirectorFinanceChicagoBasso, Ivaldo M.0|0Mr. Basso is the Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Operations Committee. Prior to becoming the Chief Financial Officer, he was Head of Investment Operations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2002 to 2004, Mr. Basso worked in the Financial Services Industry Practice for Ernst & Young, L.L.P. in its Chicago office. From 1994 to 2002, he worked in the same capacity for Arthur Andersen, L.L.P. in its Chicago office. He received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Northern Illinois University in 1994. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois CPA Society.Arnaud LipkowiczManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsLondonLipkowicz, Arnaud0|0Mr. Lipkowicz is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee. Mr. Lipkowicz leads EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) private equity investments and is involved in relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on both fund and direct private equity investments. He is located in the London office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Lipkowicz was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2007. Previously, Mr. Lipkowicz was a Vice President and Director of Investments for the LCF Rothschild Group in London, where he co-founded and developed a European third-party private equity business focused on co-investments, secondary transactions and fund investments. Prior to that, Mr. Lipkowicz was in the AXA - AIG Private Equity Funds-of-Funds group in New York. Mr. Lipkowicz holds degrees in Finance and Management from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and the Université Paris IX Dauphine as well as a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School.Corey E. LoPreteDirector/PartnerInvestor RelationsLos AngelesLoPrete, Corey E.0|EXECMr. LoPrete is Head of Investor Relations for the firm.  Mr. LoPrete has an extensive alternative investments background, including significant experience with client relationship management, operations, product development, fund structuring and legal and compliance matters. He is located in the Los Angeles office. Previously, Mr. LoPrete was a Partner and the Chief Operating Officer of the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2007. Prior to joining Credit Suisse, he was a senior Associate in the private investment funds group of the global law firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP from 2006 to 2007 and an Associate in the private investment funds group of the global law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP from 2000 to 2006. Mr. LoPrete received his Bachelor of Arts with distinction in Sociology and Government from the University of Virginia in 1997 and a Juris Doctor from New York University School of Law in 2000. He is a member of the New York and California Bars.Hajime MatsuzawaJapan ExecutiveGCMJTokyoMatsuzawa, Hajime0|0Mr. Matsuzawa is a member of GCM Investments Japan K.K. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2003 to 2005, Mr. Matsuzawa was an independent consultant providing compliance consulting services, including assistance for regulatory inspection and related remedial actions. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Matsuzawa headed and supervised the compliance department at several major international financial institutions in Japan, including Barclays Capital, Nikko Salomon, and Lehman Brothers. He was also responsible for maintaining and enhancing relationships with regulatory authorities. From 1988 to 1997, Mr. Matsuzawa was a manager of the business planning and administration function at Jardine Fleming Securities (Asia) Limited. Mr. Matsuzawa began his career in the securities industry at Daiwa Securities and remained there through 1987. Mr. Matsuzawa received a B.A. in Business and Commerce from Keio University in 1983. He is a Chartered Member of the Securities Analysts Association of Japan.Patrick J. McGarveyManaging DirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoMcGarvey, Patrick J.0|0Mr. McGarvey shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. McGarvey worked in business development at Reservoir Capital Group. Mr. McGarvey was previously a Partner at Onyx Capital Ventures, a private equity fund, and was also a Managing Director in the Private Funds Group of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Credit Suisse, responsible for marketing alternative investment funds. Previously, Mr. McGarvey worked at Merrill Lynch, where he was responsible for marketing private funds and structured products, and at Goldman Sachs, where he worked in the Fixed Income Division. Mr. McGarvey received his Bachelor of Science from Cornell University in 1980 and his Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 1985. Mr. McGarvey serves on the Advisory Council of the Dyson School at Cornell University.Thomas F. Meagher Jr.Managing Director Business DevelopmentChicagoMeagher Jr., Thomas F.0|0Mr. Meagher shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1998 to 2001, Mr. Meagher was a Director with First Union National Bank, responsible for business development in the public sector investment banking market. From 1995 through 1998, Mr. Meagher was a Director with The ServiceMaster Company. Mr. Meagher also served as Assistant to the Governor on Economic Affairs in the Office of Governor Thompson as well as the Deputy Director for the Illinois Housing Development Authority from 1986 to 1990. Mr. Meagher received his Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing and Management from Texas Christian University in 1982. Mr. Meagher is a member of: the Economic Club of Chicago; the Texas Christian University Chancellor’s Advisory Council and Neeley School of Business International Board of Visitors; Loyola University Chicago Board of Regents; American Friends of the Yitzhak Rabin Center Board of Directors; and The American Ireland Fund Board of Directors, where he is also Chair of the Executive Committee.Alok MehtaManaging DirectorTechnologyChicagoMehta, Alok0|EXECMr. Mehta serves as the firm’s Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Mehta is responsible for overseeing the strategic implementation of technology and information systems for the firm. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Mehta was the Chief Technology Officer at Continental Assurance Company, where he directed all aspects of technology strategy and infrastructure from 2012 to 2015.  Mr. Mehta had similar responsibilities as Chief Architect at Allstate Financial Insurance Company from 2007 to 2012.  From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Mehta was a Senior Vice President at Insurance Technologies.  Mr. Mehta began his career at American Financial Systems as a Senior Consultant from 1990 to 1995 and later became the Chief Technology Officer of the firm from 1995 to 2005.  Mr. Mehta received his Bachelor of Science from the University of Rajasthan in Physics and Mathematics in 1987, his Bachelor of Business Studies from Southern New Hampshire University in Finance in 1988, his Master of Business Administration from Plymouth State University in Computer Information Systems in 1990, his Master of Science from Northeastern University in Computer Engineering in 1993 and his Doctor in Software Engineering at Worchester Polytechnic Institute in 2003.  Jason L. MetakisManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkMetakis, Jason L.0|0Mr. Metakis is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee and serves on the Global Investment Council. He focuses on private equity co-investments and direct investments and is responsible for deal sourcing, due diligence, and managing client relationships. Mr. Metakis has served as a Director or Board Observer of various public and private portfolio companies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Metakis was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2010. Previously, Mr. Metakis was a Principal with DLJ Merchant Banking Partners, which he joined in 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Metakis was an investment banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, which he joined in 1999. Mr. Metakis received an A.B. with honors in Economics from Harvard College in 1999 and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 2004.Bradley H. MeyersManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoMeyers, Bradley H.0|EXECMr. Meyers is a member of the Public Markets Investment Committee, Head of Public Markets Portfolio Management and serves on the Global Investment Council. Mr. Meyers is also a member of the Public Markets Seeding and Special Opportunities Investment Committees. Mr. Meyers is responsible for overseeing the portfolio management process and approves portfolio allocations prior to implementation. Prior to assuming his role as Head of Public Markets Portfolio Management, Mr. Meyers was a Vice President on the Public Markets Research Team with a focus on credit and arbitrage strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he worked as a Financial Analyst for Merrill Lynch in the Mergers & Acquisitions Group. Prior to Merrill Lynch, he worked as an Associate for PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Mr. Meyers received his Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1997 and his Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, with a concentration in Finance, in 2003. Mr. Meyers is a Certified Public Accountant.Burke J. MontgomeryManaging DirectorLegal and ComplianceChicagoMontgomery, Burke J.0|EXECMr. Montgomery serves as GCM Grosvenor's General Counsel and is a member of the Operations Committee. He leads the firm's Legal Team, covering client-related and investment-related legal activities as well as general corporate matters. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Montgomery practiced with Sidley Austin, LLP. He received his Bachelor of Arts in History from the University of Notre Dame, and his Juris Doctor cum laude, from the Indiana University – Bloomington Maurer School of Law, where he served as Executive Editor of the Indiana Law Journal and is currently a member of the Alumni Board. Mr. Montgomery is a member of the Illinois Bar and the New York Bar.Iris Y. Zhao-FiorelloManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsHong KongZhao-Fiorello, Iris Y.0|0Ms. Zhao is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department, based in the Hong Kong office. She is responsible for managing private markets investment, client relations and business development activities in Asia. She plays a key role in developing the investment strategy for private markets in Asia and works closely with clients on portfolio construction. She has extensive experience working with local fund managers and has evaluated numerous investment opportunities in the region. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Zhao was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which she joined in 2004. Ms. Zhao led the establishment of the Customized Fund Investment Group’s London and Hong Kong offices. Ms. Zhao previously worked in the Customized Fund Investment Group’s New York office, where she evaluated investment opportunities and worked with clients globally. Prior to joining Credit Suisse, Ms. Zhao worked at Banc of America Securities in the Leveraged Acquisitions Finance Group, where she provided lending to private equity fund managers. Ms. Zhao graduated magna cum laude from the Stern School of Business at New York University with a Bachelor of Science in Finance and Marketing. Ms. Zhao is a fluent speaker of Mandarin Chinese.Masahiko OnishiJapan ExecutiveGCMJTokyoOnishi, Masahiko0|0Mr. Onishi is President of GCM Investments Japan K.K. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he worked at Morgan Stanley Japan from 1995 to 2006. His last position at Morgan Stanley Japan was Managing Director of the Alternative Investment Group, providing solutions for institutional and pension investors with alternative investment schemes and products. He began his career at Meiko Securities at the Tokyo, New York and London offices from 1985 to 1991. Mr. Onishi received his Master of Business Administration from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1995 and his Bachelor of Arts in Business from Kwansei Gakuin University in 1985.Bernard E. YancovichManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkYancovich, Bernard E.0|EXECMr. Yancovich is a member of the Private Markets Investment Committee and serves on the Global Investment Council. Mr. Yancovich leads the special situations vertical. He is also involved in relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on both primary and secondary fund investments as well as direct private equity investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Yancovich was a Managing Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2000. Previously, he was an Investment Banking Associate at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, where he worked on a variety of M&A advisory, equity and debt financing and restructuring assignments in industries such as media, telecom, technology, healthcare and industrials. Prior to joining Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Mr. Yancovich performed transaction advisory services for KPMG in France. He received his Bachelor of Commerce with honors from McGill University in 1992 and his Master of Business Administration from the University of Western Ontario's Richard Ivey School of Business in 1999. He qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1993.Nicholas B. ParrishDirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoParrish, Nicholas B.0|0Mr. Parrish shares responsibility for product development, new business development, and strategic initiatives relating to the firm’s global institutional and retail client base. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2003 to 2004, he was associated with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, and from 2002 to 2003, Mr. Parrish was associated with Northwestern Mutual in Chicago. Mr. Parrish received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, double majoring in Business Economics and Finance, from Marquette University in 2002. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® and Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst designations and is a member of the CFA Institute, the CFA Society of Chicago and the CAIA Association®. Edward D. PatchettDirectorBusiness DevelopmentWashington, DCPatchett, Edward D.0|0Mr. Patchett shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. He is located in the Washington D.C. office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1997 to 2013, he worked as a Senior Vice President and Area Director at Gallagher Fiduciary Advisors, where he provided strategic investment guidance and recommendations to clients. From 1995 to 1997, he was a Consulting Associate at Wilshire Associates, where he was dedicated to serving one of the firm’s largest clients. From 1994 to 1995, he was an Associate at Capital Resources Group. Mr. Patchett began his career as a Compliance Examiner at National Association of Securities Dealers, now known as Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Mr. Patchett received his Bachelor of Science in Business and Marketing from Ferris State University in 1985 and his Master of Science in Finance from The Johns Hopkins University in 1994. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Scott W. PearsonManaging DirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoPearson, Scott W.0|EXECMr. Pearson shares responsibility for business development and client service. Mr. Pearson also manages the strategy for the firm’s alternative investment solutions business. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Pearson spent five years in the multi-strategy hedge fund industry and was a Managing Director at Deephaven Capital Management L.L.C, a multi-billion dollar manager of credit, event, equity, and volatility strategies. Preceding his involvement in hedge funds, Mr. Pearson was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs where he was active in sales and trading of domestic and international shares, derivatives, and convertibles. Before entering the private sector, Mr. Pearson served for six years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. Mr. Pearson graduated with his Bachelor of Arts from The Citadel in 1991. He has also completed the Advanced Risk Management Program at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in 2008.Kathleen H. PenderSenior Vice PresidentLegal and ComplianceChicagoPender, Kathleen H.0|0Ms. Pender is a member of the Operational Due Diligence Team. Ms. Pender leads the legal aspects of operational due diligence, including drafting and negotiation of side letters with managers, legal review and analysis of underlying commingled fund governing documents, structuring customized single investor funds with underlying managers, interpreting the liquidity provisions of managers' legal documents, and coordinating the firm’s proxy review and voting process. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1998 to 2006, she was an Associate with the law firm of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw, L.L.P. From 1992 to 1998, she was an Associate with the law firm of Sidley & Austin. She received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1989 and a Juris Doctor magna cum laude from the University of Illinois College of Law in 1992, where she was a member of the Law Review and Order of the Coif. Ms. Pender is a member of the Illinois Bar.Frederick E. PollockManaging DirectorStrategic InvestmentsChicagoPollock, Frederick E.0|EXECMr. Pollock is Head of Strategic Investments, is a member of the Public Markets Investment Committee, is Co-Head of Public Markets Research and serves on the Global Investment Council. He is also Chair of the Special Opportunities Investment Committee. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2006 to 2015, Mr. Pollock had various roles at Morgan Stanley, most recently as Senior Adviser to its merchant banking division. In his roles at Morgan Stanley, Mr. Pollock specialized in infrastructure investments and was responsible for deal sourcing and due diligence, assessing proposed investments, managing the financing and realization process, and serving as Board Member of portfolio companies. He helped form the infrastructure investment group at Morgan Stanley in 2006 and structured and raised capital for its initial funds. In addition, Mr. Pollock founded a boutique investment company in 2010 and was a Managing Partner at the company until 2014. From 2005 to 2006, he was an Assistant Vice President at Deutsche Bank, where he made direct investments in infrastructure projects and real estate companies. From 2003 to 2005, he was co-founder of a private investment company, during which time he developed the company’s business model and overall strategic plan and facilitated its partnership with New York University and ING Bank. He received his Bachelor of Science summa cum laude in Economics from the University of Nevada in 2001 and his Juris Doctor magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 2004.Andrew T. PredaSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoPreda, Andrew T.0|0Mr. Preda serves as a Public Markets Portfolio Manager on multi-strategy portfolios as well as other specialized strategies and custom mandates. Mr. Preda leads activities related to the construction, implementation and monitoring of portfolios. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2004 to 2007, Mr. Preda was a Vice President and Underwriting Team Leader at Madison Capital Funding, L.L.C., a Chicago-based provider of leveraged capital products for private equity sponsors. Mr. Preda was responsible for structuring, underwriting, negotiating, closing, and managing both Madison-led transactions and participation transactions. From 1998 to 2004, Mr. Preda was in the Mergers & Acquisitions Group of Banc One Capital Markets, where he focused on providing investment banking advisory services to the bank's middle market and large corporate clients. From 1993 to 1998, he was a Relationship Manager with the Market Commercial Banking Subsidiary at American National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago. Mr. Preda received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of Michigan in 1993 and his Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2003.Stephen P. RamsthalerManaging DirectorFund FinanceNew YorkRamsthaler, Stephen P.0|EXECMr. Ramsthaler leads the fund finance operations of GCM Grosvenor Private Markets. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Ramsthaler was a Manager Director in the Asset Management division of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2001. In this role, he was responsible for the oversight of all financial activities for both primary and secondary private equity investment funds and for overseeing the various aspects of operations within Asset Management. Previously, Mr. Ramsthaler spent six years at Caxton Corporation, working as an Accounting Manager on various investment funds. In addition, he spent five years working for the National Futures Association as a Financial Auditor. Mr. Ramsthaler received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Rutgers University in 1989. Thomas J. RestDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkRest, Thomas J.0|0Mr. Rest is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department. Mr. Rest focuses on private equity buyout fund investments and co-investments. He is also involved with deal sourcing, conducting due diligence, and managing client relationships. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Rest was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Mr. Rest was a Vice President at AIG Investments with responsibilities in deal sourcing and oversight of the due diligence process for AIG’s private equity fund investing. From 1999 to 2007, Mr. Rest was the Manager of Private Equity at the New York State Teachers’ Retirement System and grew their private equity program from $100 million to $8 billion of commitments to private equity funds and co-investments across the United States and Western Europe. Prior to that, Mr. Rest spent 16 years as an auditor in a variety of public and private organizations. Mr. Rest received his Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Siena College and his Master of Public Administration in Public Finance from the Rockefeller School of Government at the State University at Albany. Mr. Rest holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the New York Society of Securities Analysts.David S. RichterManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoRichter, David S.0|EXECMr. Richter is Chair of the Public Markets Investment Committee, is Co-Head of Public Markets Research and serves on the Global Investment Council. Mr. Richter is also a member of the Special Opportunities Investment Committee. Mr. Richter approves public markets portfolio allocations and shares responsibility for the evaluation, selection and monitoring of various investment strategies and investment managers. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1994 through 2002, he was the Founder and Managing Partner of Chicago-based Waveland Capital Management, L.P., a U.S. long/short equity hedge fund affiliated with GCM Grosvenor. From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Richter was a Vice President of JMB Realty Corporation in the Corporate Acquisitions Group. Prior to 1988, Mr. Richter was a Manager of KPMG Peat Marwick. He graduated summa cum laude with his Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1983. Mr. Richter is a Certified Public Accountant and received the national AICPA Elijah Watt Sells Award from the American Institute of CPAs for his scores on the Uniform CPA Examination.Mark J. RomanDirectorBusiness DevelopmentChicagoRoman, Mark J.0|0Mr. Roman shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he worked as an independent consultant for a group of industry professionals evaluating and developing an asset management business opportunity. From 2000 to 2003, he was a Financial Analyst in the Private Wealth Management Group at Goldman Sachs in Chicago. His role at Goldman Sachs included securities trading and client service. Mr. Roman graduated magna cum laude with his Bachelor of Business Administration, double majoring in Finance and French, from the University of Notre Dame in 2000.Michael J. RoseDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkRose, Michael J.0|0Mr. Rose is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department and specializes in energy, infrastructure and real assets, primarily in North America. He is involved in client relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on private equity and infrastructure investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Rose was a Partner in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2004. Previously, Mr. Rose spent two years working as an Associate in leveraged finance at JP Morgan Chase, focusing on the transportation and project finance teams, and also worked for 18 months as an Associate in a rotational program at JP Morgan Chase covering consumer products investment banking, private placements and restructurings in Hong Kong. Mr. Rose worked as an Analyst from 1995 to 1998 at the Chase Manhattan Bank, prior to its merger with JP Morgan. Mr. Rose received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics and History with high distinction from the University of Michigan in 1995 and his Master of Business Administration from the Stern School of Business at New York University in 2004, where he was both a Stern Scholar and a Zicklin Scholar.Thomas W. RowlandSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public Markets ChicagoRowland, Thomas W.0|0Mr. Rowland is a member of the Public Markets Research Team. He is the Strategy Head of credit strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2002 to 2006, he worked at Citadel Investment Group as a Credit Analyst on the Distressed Team and as an Associate in Portfolio Finance, where he was primarily responsible for the funding of Citadel's credit strategies. Mr. Rowland received his Bachelor of Arts cum laude in Economics and a certificate in Finance from Princeton University in 2002. Mr. Rowland holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® and Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst designations and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CAIA Association®.David M. RussellManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkRussell, David M.0|EXECMr. Russell is primarily responsible for client relationship management, portfolio management and business development activities. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Russell was a Managing Director and Senior Partner of the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG from 2000 to 2013. Prior to joining Credit Suisse, he was a Principal with the Private Equity Group of Prudential Insurance Company of America during 2000. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Russell was Assistant Counsel for the New York State Office of the State Comptroller, where he acted as the managing attorney for the New York State Common Retirement Fund. His responsibilities for the Common Retirement Fund included negotiating private equity partnership investments by the Division of Private Equity and structuring customized venture, buyout and co-investment funds. Mr. Russell began his career as a Corporate Securities Associate with the New York law firm Seward & Kissel LLP from 1991 to 1996, where he specialized in the formation of hedge funds, private equity funds and mutual funds. Mr. Russell earned his Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, at the State University of New York College at Geneseo, and his Juris Doctor magna cum laude at the Albany Law School of Union University. He is a member of the New York Bar.David B. SmallManaging DirectorInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoSmall, David B.0|0Mr. Small is a member of the Public Markets Investment Committee. He shares responsibility for the evaluation, selection, and monitoring of various investment strategies and investment managers. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 1987 through 1994, Mr. Small was the Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Engineer of David Bruce & Co., a Chicago-based software development and consulting firm specializing in portfolio risk management and trading support systems for exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives and cash securities. From 1979 to 1982, Mr. Small was associated with Philadelphia Insurance Research Group, and from 1978 to 1979, he was associated with Rapidata. Mr. Small received his Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1978 and his Master of Business Administration in Finance and Econometrics from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1985. Mr. Small teaches a course on hedge fund investing as an Adjunct Associate Professor of Finance at the Booth School of Business. Mr. Small is also an elected public official, serving as a Member of the Board of Education for Township High School District 113 in Illinois, which includes Highland Park High School and Deerfield High School.Jennifer N. StackManaging DirectorInvestments - Risk ManagementChicagoStack, Jennifer N.0|0Ms. Stack is Head of Public Markets Risk Management and serves on the Global Investment Council. Ms. Stack and her team are responsible for independently reviewing each potential investment manager, assessing the risk in portfolios in conjunction with the Public Markets Portfolio Management Team, and working with the Information Technology Team to build and deploy analytical tools. She graduated summa cum laude with her Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Mathematics from Wellesley College in 2001. She was a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow at Harvard University, where she completed her Doctor of Philosophy in Economics in 2005.Robert D. ShinSenior Vice PresidentLegal and ComplianceNew YorkShin, Robert0|0Mr. Shin is a member of the firm’s Legal and Compliance Department. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he was a Senior Compliance Officer at Apollo Global Management, where he oversaw the implementation of Apollo’s compliance program for the Credit business from 2014 to 2016.  From 2010 to 2013, he worked as a Vice President in Compliance at Deutsche Bank.  From 2005 to 2010, he was an Associate Attorney at K&L Gates LLP.  From 1996 to 2005, Mr. Shin held various roles at BlackRock Inc., Banc of America Securities and Neuberger & Berman Management Inc.  Mr. Shin received his Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Rutgers University in 1995 and his Juris Doctor from Fordham University School of Law in 2005.  Mr. Shin is a member of the New York State Bar.Brian W. SullivanManaging DirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkSullivan, Brian W.0|0Mr. Sullivan is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department. He leads the secondaries vertical and is also involved with deal sourcing, conducting due diligence on secondary fund investments and managing client relationships. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Sullivan was a Partner and Co-Head of the New York Office at Paul Capital. In this role, he was responsible for deal execution, sourcing, fund raising and portfolio management. Mr. Sullivan also served as a member of Paul Capital’s Board of Managers, Investment Committee and Finance Committee. Mr. Sullivan joined Paul Capital in 1998. Prior to Paul Capital, Mr. Sullivan spent two years with the Boston Consulting Group in London and five years as an Officer in the U.S. Navy. Mr. Sullivan received his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy and his Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Sullivan holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Kathleen P. SullivanSenior Vice PresidentCorporate FinanceChicagoSullivan, Kathleen P.0|0Ms. Sullivan shares responsibility for the firm’s corporate finance operations, including financial reporting and accounting research. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2003 to 2005, Ms. Sullivan worked in the Financial Services Department for Hyatt Corporation. From 2002 to 2003, she worked in the Audit Practice at the Deloitte and Touche, L.L.P. Chicago office. Ms. Sullivan worked in the Finance Department at Knowledge Universe in Los Angeles from 2000 to 2002. From 1995 to 2000, Ms. Sullivan worked in the Audit and Business Advisory Services Practice for Arthur Andersen, L.L.P. in both the Chicago and Los Angeles offices. She received her Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from the University of St. Francis in 1995. She is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.Akhil K. UnniDirector/PartnerInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkUnni, Akhil K.0|0Mr. Unni is a member of the Private Markets Investments Department. He is involved in relationship management, deal sourcing and conducting due diligence on private equity and infrastructure investments. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Unni worked as the Vice President and Director of Financial Planning and Analysis at Quantum Utility Generation, LLC, which he joined in 2011. At Quantum, Mr. Unni led due diligence and financing activities for direct investments. Previously, Mr. Unni spent two years working as a Principal in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, pursuing co-investments and secondary transactions in energy and infrastructure. Prior to that, Mr. Unni worked for two years as a Vice President at AIG Financial Products Corp., conducting due diligence for direct investments in infrastructure. Beginning in 2006, Mr. Unni was an Associate in Corporate Development at US Power Generating Company. Mr. Unni also worked as a Director of Financial Analysis from 1998 to 2006 at KeySpan Corporation, a diversified energy company. Mr. Unni received his Bachelor of Arts in History from Brown University and his Master of Public Policy in Energy from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.Joseph J. VaccaroSenior Vice PresidentFinanceNew YorkVaccaro, Joseph J.0|0Mr. Vaccaro is a member of the Finance Department, where he shares responsibilities for Private Markets IT systems development for the department. Specifically, he manages the FundCentral Administration and Business Process Development Groups. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Vaccaro was a Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. He also served as a Controller for the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG from 1999 to 2003. Previously, he was a Senior Accountant at Deloitte & Touche LLP in the Investment Management Services Group from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Vaccaro received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting, cum laude, from St. John’s University in 1996. Oleg VodatinskySenior Vice PresidentFinance New YorkVodatinsky, Oleg0|0Mr. Vodatinsky shares responsibility for the firm’s Private Markets tax operations. He oversees tax planning and tax compliance processes. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Vodatinsky was a Director in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Mr. Vodatinsky was a Tax Manager in the Financial Services division of Ernst & Young LLP from 2002 to 2006, focusing on private equity, hedge funds, and management companies. He also worked as an Experienced Senior Tax Accountant in the Capital Markets Group at Arthur Anderson LLP from 2001 to 2002, where he focused on securities broker/dealers and hedge funds. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Vodatinsky was a Senior Tax Staff Accountant in the Financial Services Group at American Express Tax and Business Service, formerly known as Goldstein, Golub, Kessler & Co. In his early career, he worked as a staff accountant at various firms. Mr. Vodatinsky received his Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting in 1995 and his Master of Science in Taxation in 2002 from Bernard M. Baruch College. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.Ravi ParekhDirectorInvestments - Private MarketsNew YorkParekh, Ravi0|0Mr. Parekh is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department and focuses on investments in energy, infrastructure, and renewables. He is responsible for deal sourcing, investment due diligence and execution, and client relationship management. His experience includes investments in conventional and renewable power generation, regulated utilities, energy infrastructure, water, waste, parking, telecommunications infrastructure, and public-private-partnership projects across North America, Europe, and Asia. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Parekh was a Vice President in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG, which he joined in 2009. Previously, he was part of the Investment team at Tokum Capital Management, L.P., a fundamental long/short equity fund focused on the health care industry. Mr. Parekh began his career at Goldman Sachs in the investment banking division, beginning in 2004. Mr. Parekh holds a Bachelor of General Law and a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Mumbai, as well as a Master of Science in Finance, Beta Gamma Sigma, from Rochester Institute of Technology.Kelly M. WilliamsSenior AdvisorStrategy and Corporate DevelopmentNew YorkWilliams, Kelly M.0|0Ms. Williams is a Senior Advisor to GCM Grosvenor with a focus on diversity and corporate social responsibility. Ms. Williams joined GCM Grosvenor in 2014 and served until June 2015 as President of GCM Grosvenor Private Markets, where she was a member of its Management Committee and also a member of its Investment Committee. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Williams was a Managing Director and the Group Head of the Customized Fund Investment Group (CFIG) of Credit Suisse Group AG from 2000 to 2014. Ms. Williams joined DLJ (acquired by Credit Suisse in 2000) as a Director of CFIG. She was with Prudential Financial from 1993 to 2000. She was an Executive Director with Prudential's private equity group, where she was a founder of CFIG in 1999. Prior to joining Prudential, Ms. Williams was an associate with Milbank, Tweed. Ms. Williams is a member of the board of the Robert Toigo Foundation, Springboard Enterprises, and is the founding board chair of the Private Equity Women Investor Network. She chairs the LP Advisory Council for Sponsors for Educational Opportunity and serves on the advisory board of the Association of Asian American Investment Managers. She is a Senior Advisor to the Emerging Markets Private Equity Association (EMPEA). Ms. Williams was appointed in 2015 to the Board of Directors of The Greenbrier Companies (GBX). Ms. Williams has received many awards throughout her career in the financial services industry and was recognized by the National Organization for Women in 2012 with its Women of Power and Influence Award and was named in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 as one of The Most Powerful Women in Finance by American Banker Magazine. She graduated magna cum laude from Union College in 1986 and received her Juris Doctor from New York University School of Law in 1989.Emma FavaDirectorBusiness DevelopmentLondonFava, Emma0|0Ms. Fava shares responsibility for business development, client service and consultant relations. She is located in the London office. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2012 to 2015, Ms. Fava was responsible for Investor Relations at the consumer-focused private equity firm Change Capital Partners LLP. Prior to that, Ms. Fava spent four years at GLG Partners, which was acquired by Man Group in 2010. At Man-GLG she advised UK institutional clients and investment consultants across a range of products, including hedge funds, UCITS funds, and funds of hedge funds. She began her career with Société Générale Asset Management in Paris and London, focusing on consultant relations. Ms. Fava received her Bachelor of Arts with honors in Politics, Philosophy and Economy from London Metropolitan University in 2006. She holds the Investment Management Certificate with the CFA Society UK.Keith E. FriedmanSenior Vice PresidentInvestments - Public MarketsChicagoFriedman, Keith E.0|0Mr. Friedman serves as a Portfolio Manager within the Public Markets Portfolio Management Team with oversight on portfolios of various strategy mandates. Prior to becoming a Portfolio Manager, Mr. Friedman was a Vice President on the Research Team with a focus on liquid, global macro and relative value strategies. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Friedman was the Director of Alternatives Research and Quantitative Analysis at Iron Financial and Iron Partners, a Chicago-based fund of hedge funds, where he worked from 2002 to 2009. At Iron Financial and Iron Partners, Mr. Friedman managed the investment research analyst team that focused on hedge fund manager due diligence. Mr. Friedman received a Bachelor of Arts in Finance with a minor in History from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2002. Mr. Friedman earned his Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2011 with concentrations in Finance, Economics, Accounting, and Econometrics & Statistics.Paul D. GuercioSenior Vice PresidentFund FinanceChicagoGuercio, Paul D.0|0Mr. Guercio leads fund finance operations of GCM Grosvenor Public Markets. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, he was an Auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received his Bachelor of Arts with honors in Accounting from Illinois Wesleyan University in 1999. He is a Certified Public Accountant.Todd HeniganSenior Vice PresidentLegal and ComplianceNew YorkHenigan, Todd0|0Mr. Henigan is a member of the firm’s Legal and Compliance Department. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Henigan was a Vice President of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, he was an Associate in the Investment Funds Group at Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP. Mr. Henigan earned his Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, in Accounting at Illinois Wesleyan University and his Juris Doctor, cum laude, at the Duke University School of Law. He is a member of the New York State Bar.Kathryn M. MattieSenior Vice PresidentTechnologyChicagoMattie, Kathryn M.0|0Ms. Mattie is a member of the Technology Department and works directly with the Chief Technology Officer on IT operations and policy. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Mattie was the Data Analytics Project Manager at the City of Chicago from 2012 to 2013, supporting the implementation of new business processes rooted in data driven policy and predictive analytics. From 2011 to 2012, she was an Academic Fellow in the Mayor’s Office. During this time, she was also a Teaching Assistant and Research Assistant in microeconomics and econometrics at the University of Chicago. From 2008 to 2009, she served as a City Year Corps Member in Americorps. Ms. Mattie received her Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and Political Science from Boston University in 2008 and her Master of Public Policy from the University of Chicago Harris School of Public Policy in 2012.James W. MillerSenior Vice PresidentFinanceNew YorkMiller, James W.0|0Mr. Miller is a member of the Finance Department, where he shares responsibilities for valuation and portfolio analysis. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Miller was a Director in the Valuation Services practice of Alvarez & Marsal from 2012 to 2014, where he advised senior executives of corporations and investment firms on various valuation issues. He worked in a similar capacity as a Manager at Ernst & Young from 2011 to 2012 and as a Vice President at Duff & Phelps from 2006 to 2011. He began his career at Accenture as a process and technology consultant in 1999. Mr. Miller received his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Lafayette College in 1999 and his Master of Business Administration in Finance and Accounting from Fordham University in 2006.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation.Ian H. RubensteinSenior Vice PresidentTechnologyChicagoRubenstein, Ian H.0|0Mr. Rubenstein is a member of the Technology Department. He leads the systems strategy, data management and user experience efforts within GCM Grosvenor’s Information Technology Team. Mr. Rubenstein is responsible for ensuring alignment of business needs and technology delivery, as well as leading technology initiatives to support investment and operational functions. He received his Bachelor of Science in Business from Indiana University in 2001.Judy Y. SeidSenior Vice PresidentFinanceNew YorkSeid, Judy Y.0|0Ms. Seid shares responsibility for the firm’s Private Markets fund finance operations, focusing on carry plans. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Seid was a Vice President in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. She was responsible for overseeing all aspects of the carried interest programs for the Customized Fund Investment Group and the Secondary Private Equity Funds Group. Previously, she was a Manager at Evercore Partners, where her responsibilities included financial reporting for their private equity funds. Ms. Seid began her career as a tax professional in the Financial Services Department at KPMG LLP. She received her Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Baruch College. She is a Certified Public Accountant.Stacie SelingerSenior Vice PresidentStrategy and Corporate Development ChicagoSelinger, Stacie0|0Ms. Selinger is a member of the Strategy and Corporate Development Team, where she focuses on product development and corporate investment opportunities. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Selinger was in the Investment Banking Division of Morgan Stanley from 2006 to 2014, most recently as a Vice President, where she executed debt and equity financings, as well as mergers and acquisitions, for clients in the transportation and infrastructure sectors. Ms. Selinger graduated magna cum laude from Washington University in St. Louis in 2006 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, majoring in Finance and International Business.Steven MassauaDirectorBusiness DevelopmentNew YorkMassaua, Steven0|0Mr. Massaua shares responsibility for business development as part of the high net worth team. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, from 2006 to 2015, he held a number of roles at Morgan Stanley, including Executive Director of Alternative Investments at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and Executive Director of Structured Investments at Morgan Stanley Institutional Equity Division.  Mr. Massaua managed top relationships within the UBS Financial Services division at UBS Investment Bank as a Director from 2001 to 2006.  Mr. Massaua began his career at UBS Wealth Management as a Financial Advisor and later, an Assistant Vice President, from 1996 to 2001. Mr. Massaua received his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from Hofstra University in 1995.Jonathan HirschtrittSenior Vice PresidentStrategy and Corporate DevelopmentChicagoHirschtritt, Jonathan0|0Mr. Hirschtritt is a member of the Strategy and Corporate Development Team, where he focuses on strategic projects, product development and corporate investment opportunities.  Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Hirschtritt was a Partner at Sheffield Asset Management LLC, where he served as a senior investment professional and was actively involved in the firm’s day to day management.  Before that, Mr. Hirschtritt was an Associate at Davidson Kempner Capital Management, where he worked as an investment professional on their Event Driven Equities fund.  Mr. Hirschtritt began his career as an Investment Banking Analyst at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.  Mr. Hirschtritt graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts in Diplomatic History, where he was a Benjamin Franklin Scholar.Xia WangDirectorInvestments - Private MarketsHong KongWang, Xia0|0Ms. Wang is a member of the Private Markets Investment Department, with a focus on Asian private equity investments. Based in the Hong Kong office, she also helps to lead the firm's investor relations and business development efforts in Asia. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Ms. Wang worked in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Ms. Wang began her career as a Senior Associate on the Research Team in London at Copal Amba, a Moody’s subsidiary, providing research and consulting services for investment banks and private equity firms. Ms. Wang received her Master in Finance from the University of Cambridge and Bachelor of Science in Economics and Finance with First-Class Honors from the University of Southampton.Brian GrzywaczSenior Vice PresidentFund FinanceNew YorkGrzywacz, Brian0|0Mr. Grzywacz shares responsibility for the firm’s fund finance operations. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor, Mr. Grzywacz was a Vice President in the Customized Fund Investment Group of Credit Suisse Group AG. Previously, Mr. Grzywacz was a Senior Account Controller with State Street Corporation from 2004 to 2006, where he and his team focused on accounting operations for mutual funds. Mr. Grzywacz received his Bachelor of Science in Economics from The Pennsylvania State University in 2003.Kristi N. TeagueSenior Vice PresidentFinanceChicagoTeague, Kristi N.0|0Ms. Teague is Head of the Investment Implementation Team.  She leads the evaluation and implementation of investment decisions for GCM Grosvenor-managed portfolios and coordinates the implementation of launches, restructuring and transition services for these portfolios. Prior to joining the Investment Implementation Team in 2008, Ms. Teague was an Associate in the Client Services Department, where she was primarily responsible for completing Requests for Proposals and Requests for Information from prospects, clients and consultants. Prior to joining GCM Grosvenor in 2004, Ms. Teague was a Proposal Specialist for Franklin Templeton. She also worked for The Northern Trust Company in various investment and operational related roles, including her tenure as an Investment Associate in Quantitative Equity Management. She began her career working at wealth management firms, including Prudential Securities and Hilliard Lyons. Ms. Teague received a Bachelor of Science in Finance, with a specialization in Investments and Financial Markets, from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 












© Copyright 2017. Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. All rights reserved.
Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. is not affiliated in any manner with Grosvenor Group Limited, a company that is headquartered in the United Kingdom. This site has been prepared by Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. and GCM Customized Fund Investment Group, L.P. (which, together with their affiliates, are referred to herein as “GCM Grosvenor”).
900 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 1100 | Chicago, IL 60611

Terms and Conditions
Contact
Client Login






About GCM Grosvenor
Who We Are
Our History


Investment & Advisory
How We Invest
How We Work With Clients
Our Clients




Our People
Biographies


Corporate Citizenship
Community, Diversity, ESG


Join Us
Why Join GCM Grosvenor
Campus Recruiting
Careers


















GCM GROSVENOR OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND IV, LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GCM GROSVENOR OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND IV, LTD.
                    

•   GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             GCM Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund IV, Ltd. is based out of Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-04-20. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GCM GROSVENOR OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND IV, LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




gcm grosvenor opportunistic credit fund iv, ltd.


MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED

GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-1104


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      312-506-6500







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 04/20/2017
D filed on 02/05/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-04-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
685,850
INDEFINITE


2015-02-05
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
35,200,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




BURKE   MONTGOMERY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



DASHA S.  DWIN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ERIC A.  FELTON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



IVALDO   BASSO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JONATHAN R.  LEVIN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOSEPH D.  GUTMAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOSEPH H.  NESLER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



LILLY   FARAHNAKIAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MICHAEL J.  SACKS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   GCM, L.L.C.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   GROSVENOR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
          PROMOTER
      



N/A   GROSVENOR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. (GROSVENOR)

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   GROSVENOR HOLDINGS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



PAUL A.  MEISTER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Gcm Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund Iv Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/185268-gcm-grosvenor-opportunistic-credit-fund-iv-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=185268  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Gcm Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund Iv LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Gcm Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund Iv Ltd gets funded!Gcm Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund Iv LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:City:Cayman IslandsGrand CaymanIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors February 5th, 2015$35,200,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Gcm Grosvenor Opportunistic Credit Fund Iv Ltd gets funded?Key peopleDasha DwinExecutive OfficerEric FeltonExecutive OfficerJoseph GutmanExecutive OfficerJonathan LevinExecutive OfficerPaul MeisterExecutive OfficerJoseph NeslerExecutive OfficerMichael SacksExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!