










 













 







GCM Patriot, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Basso  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









GCM Patriot, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1100 
    Chicago, IL, 60611Phone: 312-506-6500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-04-20


Amended


$25,000,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-07


New


$25,000,000


$25,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ivaldo Basso 
 Executive 


 Dasha Dwin 
 Executive 


 Lilly Farahnakian 
 Executive 


 Eric Felton 
 Executive 


 N/A Gcm, L.L.C. ("Gcm") 
 Executive 


 N/A Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P. 
 Executive 


 N/A Grosvenor Holdings, L.L.C. 
 Executive 


 Jonathan Levin 
 Executive 


 Paul Meister 
 Executive 


 Burke Montgomery 
 Executive 


 Michael Sacks 
 Executive 










 

4Patriots – Food4Patriots Survival Food Kits















































					July 28, 2017				


615 988 4505
1204 Elmwood Ave Nashville, TN 37212
help@4patriots.com




help@4patriots.com












Toggle navigation















Home



About Us

About 4Patriots
Careers@4Patriots





Products

Food4Patriots
PatriotPowerGenerator
SurvivalSeeds4Patriots
Water4Patriots
PureAir4Patriots
Power4Patriots
PatriotPowerHub





Reviews

Food4Patriots
PatriotPowerGenerator
SurvivalSeeds4Patriots
Water4Patriots
Aquaponics4Patriots
Power4Patriots
PureAir4Patriots




Blog


Catalog



More


Contact Us


Request Catalog








 




































Food4Patriots
Food4Patriots is a long-term survival food solution created BY patriots, FOR patriots! Food4Patriots consists of pre-packaged kits of high-quality survival food rated to last for 25 years, packed in secure, lightweight, waterproof storage totes. Available in 72-Hour, 1-Week, 4-Week, 3-Month and 1-Year kits, Food4Patriots will give you the ultimate peace of mind that your family is prepared for anything. Click the button below to place your order.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW










Michael  Smithers
July 9 at 8:22pm · 



We are moving toward having enough food/supplies for our family in case things happen. Our ability to survive will depend not only on our resolve, but having the proper training and supplies. Thank you for giving us the proper tools.

Like · Comment · Share









Aeron Martin
May 15 at 4:12pm · 



Been building a small supply while eating from this day to day (eating GOOD I add). WAY BETTER THAN MREs!

Like · Comment · Share


















More Food4Patriots Products











Patriot Platinum Survival Package
With the Patriot Platinum Survival Package, you get it all! The things you must have in a crisis, food… water… power… and even air that’s cleaned of toxins and chemicals. The Patriot Platinum Survival Package has you 100% covered.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Fruit and Veggie Snack Mix
“Supercharge” your survival food stockpile and get all the plant based nutrition you need with Food4Patriots Fruit, Veggie and Snack Mix — wholesome, delicious, and good for 25 Years! Our Fruit, Veggie and Snack Mix comes in the same re-sealable, airtight, space-age Mylar pouches and tucked inside a stackable tote you’ve come to expect with our other survival food kits.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Meat & Protein Kit
High in Protein for muscle building and sustained energy, this kit contains high-quality, lean protein to stave off hunger and keep your body fueled and ready to handle a crisis. Contains 80 total servings of chicken, beef, and beans to use with your favorite recipes.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Breakfast Kit
Get your most important meal of the day with the Food4Patriots Breakfast Kit. We’ve truly thought of everything with this delicious kit so that you can conveniently enjoy the benefits of breakfast every day… no matter what you’re craving. Scrumptious pancakes, savory breakfast potatoes, scrambled eggs and even two different kinds of breakfast drinks.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Survival Coffee Kit
The Food4Patriots Survival Coffee Kit includes 600 servings of the most delicious coffee you’ve ever tasted! 100% Colombian Arabica beans make up this tantalizing brew. Packed in 10 re-sealable Mylar pouches, each holding 60 servings/cups. Comes inside a labeled plastic, Sterilite tote for convenient storage.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Pizza Kit
The Food4Patriots Pizza Kit is the perfect boost to your survival food stockpile. Mouthwatering, melty, and easy to prepare… Our survival pizza gives you the nutrition you need perform at your best and the excitement of “pizza night” when you need something to celebrate.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Deluxe Dessert Kit
 Enjoy the sweeter side of life with the Food4Patriots Deluxe Dessert Food Kit. We’ve truly thought of everything with this delicious kit so that you can treat yourself… no matter what you’re craving. Chocolate pudding, rich chocolate brownies and even blueberry muffins. Of course, your body needs vitamins and minerals as well as sweet flavor so we’ve included delicious freeze-dried strawberries and pineapple. Perfect for both baking and easy snacking!

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Sun Kettle
The Sun Kettle is a revolutionary portable device that boils water using just the power of sunlight! There are no batteries, cords, or dangerous flames required! Use your Sun Kettle to make coffee, tea, soup, or to cook rehydrated food. You can even use your Sun Kettle to make hot water for sanitation purposes.

LEARN MORE
BUY NOW













Protein Twin Pack
Add protein-packed chicken and beef to your survival stockpile – good for 25 years! Enjoy powerful, savory protein you can add to stews, rice and pasta dishes. 48 total servings of wholesome beef and chicken.

BUY NOW













Case Eggs
Eggs add critical variety and taste to your survival food stockpile. Packed with six grams of protein a serving, they’re powerful and tasty nutrition, which you can enjoy for any meal, or in your favorite recipes. Good for 10 whole years!

BUY NOW













Berry Twin Pack
Everyone loves the sweetness and health benefits of our freeze-dried berries. This value pack offers 128 servings of our strawberries and blueberries for those folks who want even more of a great thing. These survival berries contain powerful, tasty nutrition you can store for the long haul. Enjoy with your breakfast cereal, yogurt or as an energy-boosting snack. Use in all of your favorite recipes, too!

BUY NOW













More Products














Food 4 Patriots
Food4Patriots is a long-term...

















Patriot Power Generator
Don't be fooled by its small size...

















Survival Seeds 4 Patriots
SurvivalSeeds4Patriots is a simple...

















Water 4 Patriots
Water4Patriots is a water survival...

















Aquaponics 4 Patriots
Aquaponics4Patriots Do-It-Yourself...

















Power 4 Patriots
Power4Patriots is a series of...

















Patriot Power Hub
This travel charger can not onlY...

















Patriot Alliance Messenger
 The Patriot Alliance Messenger...

















We Champion Freedom And Self-Reliance.
We strive for complete customer satisfaction and offer generous 100% money-back guarantees on every one of our products.





Latest Blog Posts

Are You Ready to Hunker Down in a Crisis?
Friday July 28, 2017


Choosing the Right Gun(s) for You
Wednesday July 26, 2017


Healthcare Crisis 101 – Lesson 3
Tuesday July 25, 2017

 




Useful Links

Home
About Us
Blog
Newsroom

Contact
Policies
Catalog





Contact Us

						1204 Elmwood Ave 
						Nashville, TN 37212 
						Phone: 615 988 4505 
						Email: help@4patriots.com



















						2017 © All Rights Reserved.
						Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Catalog | Affiliates


	v2.2.38
 






















 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	GCM
























































 Log in
  |  Register


Switch to


 







Products


New Products


2017 Products


2016 Products


2015 Products


2014 Products


2013 Products




Product by Category


Installation Tooling


Tool Registration




Weldment Connectors


WEJTAP™ Connectors


Grounding


Accessories


Exothermic


Compression


Mechanical






Brands


IMPLO


WILEY


Continental Industries


Thermoweld®


CMC






Market


Data Center


Solar


Mining


Telecom


Transportation


Power Generation


Oil and Gas


Utility Market


Substation


Distribution


Tap Connectors


Mechanical (Bolted)


Compression


T - Connectors


STIRRUP™ & BAILS




Transformer Equipment




Compression Splices


Service Entrance Splices


NEUTRAL SPLICES


JUMPER SPLICES 


Full Tension




Deadend Fittings


Compression Terminals and Accessories




Transmission






Solutions


Multiple Tap Connectors


Grounding Superstore


Mechanical Grounding


Compression Grounding


Exothermic grounding


Grounding Accessories




Compression Terminals


BURNDY® Die Sets & Die


Terminals for Code Conductor


Terminals for flex Conductor


Splices


Copper Taps


Adapters


Aluminium Terminals




Tooling solutions


Dies & Gauges


Crimpers - PATRIOT® Battery Actuated


Cutters


Crimpers - Self-Contained Hydraulic


Crimpers - Remote Hydraulic


Crimpers - Mechanical & Ratchet


OEM - Hydraulic & Pneumatic


Pumps & Hoses


LPHT - Low Pressure Hydrualic Tools




Small Hydent


Installation Tooling


Ring Tongue Terminals


Fork Tongue Terminals


Accessories


Quick Disconnect Terminals


QIKTAP™ Splice/Tap


Male/Female Combination Quick Disconnect Terminals


Three-Way Ring Terminals


Four-Way Ring Terminals


Bullet-Style Connectors


Splices




Pool and Spa


Braid / Grounding Jumpers




Resources


Advertisements


BURNDY e-Learning


Competitor Cross Reference


Literature




Catalogs


Master Catalog


Master Catalog - Full Download - PDF


What’s New Master Catalog


Section A - Mechanical


Section B - Small Terminals


Section C - Compression Terminals


Section D - Hardware


Section E - Grounding


Section F - Accessories


Section G - Cable Ties


Section H - Overhead


Section I - Transmission


Section J - Wejtap


Section K - Underground


Section L - Substation Bolted


Section M - Substation Welded


Section N - Tooling


Section O - Reference




EC&M Catalog - PDF


Grounding Catalog


Master Catalog - Interactive


Substation Products Brochure - PDF


Substation Products Catalog - PDF


Tooling Catalog


Transmission Products - PDF


Underground Products - PDF




Technical Information


FAQ's


Company FAQ's


Product FAQ's




Company Logos


Merchandising Resources


SDS


Configurators


Braid Configurator


HYDENT Configurator


Splice Configurator 




National Electrical Code Requirements and BURNDY Products Handbook




About Us


News


Events


Careers


Opportunities


Benefits




eBusiness


Online Services


IDW


EDI


Online Education


Engineering Services




Sustainability


Implo Protects the eco system


Solar Panel Installation




Contact Us


Distributors


Sales


Webchat
















Home/ Event Gallery













Event Gallery











All items



          GCM
        

            by       
            meera meera 
             | 23 Aug, 2013
            

            
        





























































































































































































































































© BURNDY® LLC 2011-2016 | Distributors | Sales | Terms of Use | Site Map       

















Patriot Memory - PCGCM  - Magnetic Charging Car Mount at UnitedOffice.com



























Sign In  |  Customer Service  |  Order Tracking
Office Products, Office Furniture, Computers, Software & Consumer Electronics





 

Office All

































A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z






You've Selected : Home > Power Equipment > Chargers > Patriot Memory > PCGCM








Product Detail information as of 7/28/2017 5:53:35 PMPrice and availability are subject to change.
























Patriot Memory Magnetic Charging Car Mount - 5 V DC Input - 5 V DC Output PCGCM

Part Number:
Usually Ships:
Stock:
                         


PCGCM

Not in stock

                       No  |  Email Alert !



Your Price:




 $16.15


Quantity: 















Detailed Specs
Accessories
Shipping
Q & A
Returns
Best Sellers




Designed to provide a flagship hands free experience in car, the FUEL iON Charging Car Mount provides simple installation on any car windshield or smooth dash surface. Once installed, the FUEL iON Car Mount allows for simple one handed connection to secure and charge an iPhone  5/5S or Samsung Galaxy S 4 using the FUEL iON case.
                          


General Information:


Designed to provide a flagship hands free experience in car, the FUEL iON Charging Car Mount provides simple installation on any car windshield or smooth dash surface. Once installed, the FUEL iON Car Mount allows for simple one handed connection to secure and charge an iPhone® 5/5S, Samsung Galaxy S®4, Samsung Galaxy S®5 or Samsung Galaxy Note® 3 using the FUEL iON case. Using the power of magnets, FUEL iON is a revolutionary way to charge your mobile device without the hassle of constantly plugging and unplugging power cords. Far more efficient than competing wireless inductive charging technologies, FUEL iON is a full power solution that magnetically secures your device and charges as fast as a cord connection. At the heart of FUEL iON's charging system is a robust magnetic power transfer pad that uses incredibly strong neodymium magnet technology to automatically secure your phone by simply making contact with the power base. Once the FUEL iON case is securely docked, it not only charges but also provides a seamless snap to position rotational axis for viewing your phone in vertical or horizontal orientation. The FUEL iON Charging Car Mount has built in circuit protection against over voltage, over current, leakage and short circuit comes backed by a 2-year warranty.


Manufacturer
Patriot Memory, LLC
                                        

Manufacturer Part Number
PCGCM
                                        

Manufacturer Website Address
http://www.patriotmemory.com


Brand Name
Patriot Memory
                                        

Product Line
FUEL iON
                                        

Product Name
Magnetic Charging Car Mount
                                        

Packaged Quantity
Box
                                        

Package Type
Retail
                                        

Product Type
Induction Charger

Product UPC
815530017288


Technical Information:


Micro USB
Yes

Power Description:


Input Voltage
5 V DC
                                        

Output Voltage
5 V DC
                                        

Maximum Output Current
1 A

Physical Characteristics:


Height
5.6"
                                        

Width
2.6"
                                        

Depth
2.6"
                                        

Weight (Approximate)
6.40 oz

Miscellaneous:


Features
Overvoltage Protection
                                        Overcurrent Protection
                                        Short Circuit Protection
                                        

Compatibility
Samsung Galaxy Note 3Apple Smartphones:iPhone 5iPhone 5SSamsung Smartphones:Galaxy S4Galaxy S5


Environmentally Friendly
Yes
                                        

Environmental Certification
RoHS

Warranty:


Limited Warranty
2 Year
                                




View all Patriot MemoryChargers
View All Chargers







This product was added to our catalog on Thursday November 13, 2014
All products are brand new and factory sealed unless otherwise stated. *** DISCLAIMER - INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY MANUFACTURER.  IMAGE MAY NOT EXACTLY MATCH PRODUCT.  UNITED OFFICE PRODUCTS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA ***



Options and Accessories













$14.00

BelkinBelkin Home/Office BE106000-10 6-Outlets Surge...(more)



Add to Cart >


 









$24.00

Tripp LiteTripp Lite Notebook Surge Protector Wallmount...(more)



Add to Cart >


 









$34.00

StartechAdd Four External Superspeed Usb 3.0 Ports From A...(more)



Add to Cart >


 









$42.00

SamsungSamsung Wireless Charging Pad, Black Sapphire - 4...(more)



Add to Cart >


 









Ground (Delivery within 2-7 business days) = $8.99
Two Day Air (Delivery within 2 business days) = $25.00
Standard One Day (Delivery within next business day) = $35.00
Priority (Delivery within next business morning) = $45.00
U.S Mail Priority (AA,AE,AP only) = $30.00

Typically out of stock items are filled within 1 to 14 business days but can and may take longer.
Shipping dates are best estimates based on product location and may vary with holidays.
* Some destinations are subject to Applicable State/Duty Taxes


United Office Products realizes that every product may have different return guidelines.  Please see the policy below regarding this item.
This Product Has Limited Exchange Privileges.
Limited returns within 30 days of purchase permitted on this product.
For support on this product, please contact Patriot Memory. 800-800-9600 http://patriotmemory.com/



 

Best Sellers










SAMSUNG
                            Fastcharge Wireless Charger Stand Black ...
                            

                                Price: $47.94









DATALOGIC
                            Battery Charger CHRP090


                                Price: $149.57









ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES
                            SAC5500-400CES AC Charger

                                Price: $190.84









ENERGIZER
                            Recharge Pro Charger

                                Price: $24.00









ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES
                            Battery Charger SACTC514SCHG01

                                Price: $333.11









ENERGIZER
                            15-Minute Charger

                                Price: $40.00

More Best Sellers >








I am extremely impressed with your service. I ordered an HP printer from you on a Wednesday morning, with no special priority shipping, and it arrived at my doorstep the very next afternoon. Not only was your price the lowest I found, but I have never received an order faster.




Testimonial by: AnonymousView Other Testimonials >
 
United Office Products eStores









View all


You've Selected : Home > Power Equipment  > Chargers > Patriot Memory > PCGCM





About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Policies  |  Popular Searches  |  Returns   |  Sitemap 



			Copyright © 1999 - 2016 United Office Products is not responsible for data, typographical or technical errors. Pricing &
	  availability are subject to change without notice.  All rights reserved.







Gcm North American Aerospace LLC - Kent, Washington - Machine Shop | Facebook




FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?Gcm North American Aerospace LLCMachine ShopUnofficial Page·Located in Kent, WashingtonPlacesKent, WashingtonCommercial & IndustrialManufacturer/SupplierGcm North American Aerospace LLC















































 






GCM North American Aerospace Overview | PCC Aerostructures





























Careers | 
News | 
Sitemap | 
Suppliers





































COMPANIES GCM North American Aerospace









About Us

Capabilities

Products & Services

Contact Us




About Us


GCM North American Aerospace, acquired as part of Klune Industries, is a world class producer of precision machined parts, assemblies, and sheet metal parts. GCM is a highly diversified site dedicated to providing job-proven solutions in mechanical and electromechanical integration and Lean Manufacturing expertise. With a 100,000 sq. ft. facility, we have the capability to expand our equipment and services for your applications. Our facility uses real-time automation software to access and track scheduling, programming, and manufacturing upon demand.
GCM continually expands state-of-the-art technologies and equipment, providing flexibility for customer requirements, while maintaining low cost and on-time deliveries with high quality. At GCM, total customer satisfaction is our number one priority and the key to our success.
Klune Industries was acquired by Precision Castparts Corp. in August, 2012.





Capabilities


Our innovative processes reflect our capabilities and strength in small to large precision machined parts including:

High Speed Machining (15,000 RPM)

3 & 4-Axis High Speed Machining of Complex Aluminum Structures up to 60 inches
3 & 4-Axis High Torque Machining of Specialty Hard-to-Machine Aircraft Alloys

Long Bed Machining up to 200 inches in length
Complex Assemblies Utilizing Mechanical Technologies Engineering
Complete In-House Tooling Cell Vertical Integration Assembly Cell





Products & Services



Actuator and Mechanism Assemblies
Flap Supports
Auxiliary Tracks
Handle Assemblies





Contact Us




GCM North American Aerospace

Address:

        21719 84th Ave S
        Kent, WA 98032
    

T:  253-872-7488


Request A Quote





JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Google Maps.
            However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser.
            To view Google Maps, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then
            try again.
        










Companies




Accra Manufacturing


Aerospace Dynamics International (ADI)


Alloy Processing


Brittain Machine


Centra Industries


Compass Aerospace Northwest


Exacta Aerospace


GCM North American Aerospace


Helicomb International Inc.


Jet Processing


KaliStrut Aerospace


Klune Industries


Metal Finishing


Formerly Noranco


PCC Aérostructures Dorval Inc.


PCC Aerostructures México SA de CV


Progressive Incorporated


ProCoat


Primus International


Southwest United Industries


SPS Aerostructures


StratoFlight 


University Swaging


Walden's Machine


Weaver Manufacturing





































 gcm north american aerospace | Auto Repair in 21719 84th Ave S - Kent WA - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit gcm north american aerospace   (Auto Repair) Share 21719 84th Ave S, Kent, WA 98032       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1               (253) 872-7488   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!        Be the first to write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★                 Submit                            Thanks! Your review is on its way. We will contact you as soon as possible!     Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  21719 84th Ave S, Kent, WA 98032(253) 872-7488http://www.pccaero.com/companies/gcm/jkhetani@precastcorp.comfacebookgoogle-plusAuto RepairToday 7:00 am - 3:30 pm     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1           About Edit  Gcm North American Aerospace LLC Manager Receives Department of Defense Patriot Award SEATTLE – Darby Boese, Manufacturing Manager for GCM North American Aeorspace in Kent, Washington was presen…ted with a Patriot Award on July 12 by Larry Kirchner, Military Outreach Director for the Washington Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve Committee, in recognition of her extraordinary support of an employee who serves in the Army National Guard. Darby was nominated by 2nd Lt. Daniel Lee of the Washington Army National Guard. “The Patriot Award was created by ESGR to publicly recognize individuals who provide outstanding patriotic support and cooperation to their employees, who like the citizen warriors before them, have answered their nation’s call to serve,” said Kirchner. "Supportive employers are critical to maintaining the strength and readiness of the nation’s National Guard and Reserve units both when called to state support missions and federal active duty." Lee, in the award nomination, praised Ms. Boese for her leadership and thanked her for the support and flexibility she provided. “I was nervous and uncomfortable because my absence would create a heavier workload for Darby and my co-workers,” said Lee,“ but she was very receptive and supportive”. GCM North American Aerospace, a subsidiary of Precision Castparts Corporation, is a world class prod ucer of precision machined parts, assemblies, and sheet metal parts ESGR, a Department of Defense program, seeks to foster a culture in which all employers support and value the employment and military service of members of the National Guard and Reserve in the United States. For more information about ESGR outreach programs or volunteer opportunities, call (800) 336-4590 or visit www.ESGR.mil. Caption: Darby Boese, Manufacturing Manager for GCM North American Aerospace, receiving a Patriot Award for being supportive of her employee who serves in the Washington Army National Guard.more » Gcm North American Aerospace LLC Manager Receives Department of Defense Patriot Award SEATTLE – Darby Boese, Manufacturing Manager for GCM North American Aeorspace in Kent, Washington was presented with a Patriot Award on July 12 by Larry Kirchner, Military Outreach Director for the Washington Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve Committee, in recognition of her extraordinary support of an employee who serves in the Army National Guard. Darby was nominated by 2nd Lt. Daniel Lee of the Washington Army National Guard. “The Patriot Award was created by ESGR to publicly recognize individuals who provide outstanding patriotic support and cooperation to their employees, who like the citizen warriors before them, have answered their nation’s call to serve,” said Kirchner. "Supportive employers are critical to maintaining the strength and readiness of the nation’s National Guard and Reserve units both when called to state support missions and federal active duty." Lee, in the award nomination, praised Ms. Boese for her leadership and thanked her for the support and flexibility she provided. “I was nervous and uncomfortable because my absence would create a heavier workload for Darby and my co-workers,” said Lee,“ but she was very receptive and supportive”. GCM North American Aerospace, a subsidiary of Precision Castparts Corporation, is a world class prod ucer of precision machined parts, assemblies, and sheet metal parts ESGR, a Department of Defense program, seeks to foster a culture in which all employers support and value the employment and military service of members of the National Guard and Reserve in the United States. For more information about ESGR outreach programs or volunteer opportunities, call (800) 336-4590 or visit www.ESGR.mil. Caption: Darby Boese, Manufacturing Manager for GCM North American Aerospace, receiving a Patriot Award for being supportive of her employee who serves in the Washington Army National Guard.     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1            Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          

Patriot Memory® | PCGCM  - Magnetic Charging Car Mount - CompSource.com






























  
































 MENU
                        


dxqcxerc











search









Log In 
Cart  0





















search















Home
 Power Equipment  Chargers  Patriot Memory  PCGCM





































 20% Off




Patriot Memory Magnetic Charging Car Mount - 5 V DC Input - 5 V DC Output PCGCM
By Patriot Memorydxqcxerc


Write a Review

$16.15

                                            Part Number: PCGCM
                                            
                                            Condition: New
                                            Stock: Out of stock  Click for AvailabilityNotify Me














Regular:$19.99
Save:$3.84 (20%)

Your Price:
$16.15






Quantity:






Add To Cart 










 Shipping Insurance
                        

 Price Match Guarantee
                        

 Terms of Service Guarantee
                        

 Identity Theft Protection
                        

FREE with your purchase




Product Specifications




Patriot Memory Magnetic Charging Car Mount - 5 V DC Input - 5 V DC Output PCGCMPATRIOT FUEL ION CAR MOUNTManufacturer Part Number: PCGCM

Designed to provide a flagship hands free experience in car, the FUEL iON Charging Car Mount provides simple installation on any car windshield or smooth dash surface. Once installed, the FUEL iON Car Mount allows for simple one handed connection to secure and charge an iPhone  5/5S or Samsung Galaxy S 4 using the FUEL iON case.                           		
                                









General Information:
Designed to provide a flagship hands free experience in car, the FUEL iON Charging Car Mount provides simple installation on any car windshield or smooth dash surface. Once installed, the FUEL iON Car Mount allows for simple one handed connection to secure and charge an iPhone® 5/5S, Samsung Galaxy S®4, Samsung Galaxy S®5 or Samsung Galaxy Note® 3 using the FUEL iON case. Using the power of magnets, FUEL iON is a revolutionary way to charge your mobile device without the hassle of constantly plugging and unplugging power cords. Far more efficient than competing wireless inductive charging technologies, FUEL iON is a full power solution that magnetically secures your device and charges as fast as a cord connection. At the heart of FUEL iON's charging system is a robust magnetic power transfer pad that uses incredibly strong neodymium magnet technology to automatically secure your phone by simply making contact with the power base. Once the FUEL iON case is securely docked, it not only charges but also provides a seamless snap to position rotational axis for viewing your phone in vertical or horizontal orientation. The FUEL iON Charging Car Mount has built in circuit protection against over voltage, over current, leakage and short circuit comes backed by a 2-year warranty.  ManufacturerPatriot Memory, LLC  Manufacturer Part NumberPCGCM  Manufacturer Website Addressclick herepatriotmemory.comdxqcxerc  Brand NamePatriot Memory  Product LineFUEL iON  Product NameMagnetic Charging Car Mount  Packaged QuantityBox  Package TypeRetail  Product TypeInduction Charger  Product UPC815530017288
Technical Information:
  Micro USBYes
Power Description:
  Input Voltage5 V DC  Output Voltage5 V DC  Maximum Output Current1 A
Physical Characteristics:
  Height5.6"  Width2.6"  Depth2.6"  Weight (Approximate)6.40 oz
Miscellaneous:
  FeaturesOvervoltage Protection
                                        Overcurrent Protection
                                        Short Circuit Protection  CompatibilitySamsung Galaxy Note 3Apple Smartphones:iPhone 5iPhone 5SSamsung Smartphones:Galaxy S4Galaxy S5  Environmentally FriendlyYes  Environmental CertificationRoHS
Warranty:
  Limited Warranty2 Year
                                



View All Patriot Memory Chargers
View All Chargers


This product was last updated on Friday July 28, 2017
All products are brand new and factory sealed unless otherwise stated. *** Disclaimer- Information is supplied by the Manufacturer.  The image, including color, may differ from actual product appearance. CompSource, Inc. is not responsible for data. ***




Questions and Answers




Questions and AnswersAsk CompSourcedxqcxerc







Shipping / Returns





Shipping
Ground = $8.99(Delivery within 2-7 business days)
Two Day Air = $25.00(Delivery within 2 business days)
Standard One Day = $35.00(Delivery within next business day) 
Priority = $45.00(Delivery within next business morning) 
U.S Mail Priority (AA,AE,AP only) = $30.00
FedEx International Economy (Canada only) = $40.00
Typically out of stock items are filled within 1 to 14 business days but can and may take longer.
Shipping dates are best estimates based on product location and may vary with holidays.
If product requires trucking, additional fees may apply.
* Some destinations are subject to Applicable State/Duty Taxes


Returns
CompSource realizes that every product may have different return guidelines.  Please see the policy below regarding this item.
This Product Has Limited Exchange Privileges.
Limited returns within 30 days of purchase permitted on this product.
For support on this product, please contact Patriot Memory. 800-800-9600 http://patriotmemory.com/dxqcxerc

Company Information
Toll Free #: 800-800-9600Site:  http://patriotmemory.com/dxqcxerc





Accessories






dxqcxerc
Belkin Home/Office BE106000-10 6-Outlets Surge...dxqcxerc
$13.62
Add to Cartdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc
Tripp Lite Notebook Surge Protector Wallmount...dxqcxerc
$23.84
Add to Cartdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc
Add Four External Superspeed Usb 3.0 Ports From A...dxqcxerc
$34.03
Add to Cartdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc
Samsung Wireless Charging Pad, Black Sapphire - 4...dxqcxerc
$41.54
Add to Cartdxqcxerc








Reviews







                                        Overall Rating
                                        
Write a Reviewdxqcxerc





























Best Sellers
More Best Sellersdxqcxerc





dxqcxerc


Travel Adapter 100-240v 200-240v To 120v TRB1A2dxqcxerc
$39.95


in Chargersdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Samsung Fastcharge Wireless Charger Stand White...dxqcxerc
$44.20


in Chargersdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Arlo Pro Charging Station (VMA4400C) - 2...dxqcxerc
$66.64


in Chargersdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charging Stand - 5 V...dxqcxerc
$47.96


in Chargersdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Samsung Wireless Charging Pad, Black Sapphire - 4...dxqcxerc
$41.54


in Chargersdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charging Stand - 5 V...dxqcxerc
$47.96


in Chargersdxqcxerc








                Rebates
More Rebatesdxqcxerc






dxqcxerc


Travel Adapter 100-240v 200-240v To 120v TRB1A2dxqcxerc
$39.95


Instant Rebate Applied










Shopping Guide dxqcxerc


Daily Deals 


Rebates 


Configurators 












                            A straight forward and honest approach is evident when you explore CompSource web site and policy's, they will certainly have future business from me, and any of my friends who are in need of computer or electronics products from a professional business with the customer satification being first rate in their operation.
                            chochoga??

More Testimonialsdxqcxerc













eStores


dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc
dxqcxerc

View All eStoresdxqcxerc



                Connect With Us
            





Facebookdxqcxerc
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Google+dxqcxerc







Sign Up for Newsletter















dxqcxerc








×












×


 Loading...


Close











×
Product Images




dxqcxerc





dxqcxerc




dxqcxerc




dxqcxerc




Close






























