

Thomas Gdowski, Equitable Financial Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Thomas Gdowski

President/CEO,
Equitable Financial Corp






Career History




President/CEO
Equitable Financial Corp, 12/2008-PRESENT


Exec VP/COO
Equitable Bank, PRESENT


Chief Financial Officer
Equitable Financial Corp, 8/2008-12/2008


Exec VP/COO
Equitable Financial Corp, 6/2006-8/2008


Show More









Website:
www.equitableonline.com






Corporate Information
Address:

113-115 North Locust Street
Grand Island, NE 68801
United States


Phone:
1-302-382-3136


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.equitableonline.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Equitable Financial Corp


Board Member, 2007-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































EQFN Thomas E. Gdowski Insider Trades for Equitable Financial Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Equitable Financial Corp.

                  NASDAQ: EQFN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Equitable Financial Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 3:30 p.m.


EQFN

/quotes/zigman/54588994/composite


$
10.10




Change

+0.08
+0.80%

Volume
Volume 369
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/54588994/composite
Previous close

$
			10.02
		


$
				10.10
			
Change

+0.08
+0.80%





Day low
Day high
$10.05
$10.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $8.36
        

            $10.60
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Thomas E. Gdowski



Mr. Thomas E. Gdowski is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Equitable Financial Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Equitable Financial Corp.
Mr. Gdowski was previously employed as Chief Branch Operating Officer & EVP by Equitable Bank, Funds Management Officer by TierOne Bank, and Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by United Nebraska Bank.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Thomas E. Gdowski 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Darcy M. Ray 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. David L. Richardson 
Director




Mr. Levi D. Fisher 
Director




Ms. Alison M. Larson 
Marketing Director & Vice President




Ms. Teresa  Hartwig 
Secretary




Mr. Benedict P. Wassinger 
Chairman




Mr. Jack E. Rasmussen 
Independent Director




Ms. Pamela L. Price 
Independent Director




Mr. Douglas J. Redman 
Independent Director




Mr. Vincent J. Dugan 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary L. Hedman 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:43 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:02aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
12:01a1 in 3 Americans are this frighteningly close to plummeting into poverty
12:01aProof Americans need major therapy over their Facebook and Twitter issues
10:00pSen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
9:43pTrump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
8:19pAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:05pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
8:04pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
7:20pFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
7:02pMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
6:14pBitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
6:01pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































   Thomas Gdowski | Equitable Financial Corp. | ZoomInfo.com










 




	
        Compensation Information for Thomas E. Gdowski , President and Chief Executive Officer of EQUITABLE FINANCIAL CORP | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Thomas E. Gdowski 
Executive Compensation
As President and Chief Executive Officer at EQUITABLE FINANCIAL CORP, Thomas E. Gdowski  made $281,017 in total compensation.  Of this total $181,208 was received as a salary, $61,585 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $20,953 was awarded as stock and $17,271 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Thomas E. Gdowski ,  President and Chief Executive Officer at EQUITABLE FINANCIAL CORP as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. EQUITABLE FINANCIAL CORP income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. EQUITABLE FINANCIAL CORP annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


David L. Richardson 
Douglas J. Nodgaard 








Thomas E. Gdowski 


Base Pay$181,208
Bonus + Incentive Comp$61,585
Total Cash Compensation$242,793


Stock Award Value$20,953
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$20,953



Total Other$17,271



Total Compensation$281,017




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 
Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 47 minsS&P 5002,469.91-2.63 (-0.11%)Dow 3021,513.17-66.90 (-0.31%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Insider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-1 of 1 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsEQFN2017-02-2012,536N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.Here's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderThe Navy's newest, most sophisticated aircraft carrier doesn't have urinalsBusiness InsiderObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







CDW - Leadership











































Loading











About Us
Newsroom
Careers
















Who We Are

People Who Get IT
Our History
CDW Leadership


How We Do IT

Our Values
Our Commitment


Diversity
Investor Relations

Community Involvement

Donations








About Us
Investor Relations Corporate Governance Leadership 
      







Share         




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Leadership



Corporate Officers

Download Photo

Thomas E. Richards
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team. Read More

	Thomas E. Richards is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CDW. Richards is responsible for the strategic direction and performance of the company as well as leading the senior management team.

	Richards joined CDW in 2009 as President and Chief Operating Officer with 33 years of experience in the technology industry. He became President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2011 and added the title of Chairman in January 2013. Prior to joining the company, Richards served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Qwest Communications where he oversaw the day-to-day operations and performance of Qwest and, before assuming that role, was Executive Vice President of the business markets group. Richards also served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Clear Communications Corporation, a network management software company and as executive vice president and management committee member of Ameritech Corporation, where he oversaw cellular, security monitoring, network services and cable television operations.

	Additionally, Richards worked for 19 years with Bell Atlantic, now Verizon, in various sales, marketing and operations roles in telecommunications and computer services. Richards is a 1976 graduate of the University of Pittsburgh, where he earned a B.A. in economics and a 1991 graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned an M.S. in management as a Sloan Fellow. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Junior Achievement of Chicago and Northern Trust Corporation, on the Board of Trustees for the University of Pittsburgh and Rush University Medical Center and is a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and the Executives' Club of Chicago.
Read Less



Dennis G. Berger
Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer


	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 8,700 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning. Read More

	Dennis G. Berger, CDW’s Senior Vice President and Chief Coworker Services Officer, leads CDW’s coworker services function for its approximately 8,700 coworkers. As a member of the Executive Committee, he is responsible for the company’s coworker services strategy and all aspects of its human capital plan, including talent acquisition and employment branding, organizational and leadership development, sales training, compensation, benefits, diversity and inclusion, performance management and succession planning.

	For more than two decades, Berger has been a leader of human resources, serving in a variety of specialist and generalist roles. He has deep expertise in the fields of organizational effectiveness, executive compensation, and driving large-scale and complex change efforts.

	Prior to joining CDW in 2005, Berger spent 12 years with the Pepsi-Cola system (PepsiCo, Pepsi Bottling Group, and Pepsi Americas). Prior to Pepsi, Berger worked five years in human resources and labor relations for GTE Corporation.

	Berger earned an M.B.A. from the John M. Olin School of Business at Washington University in St. Louis, and a B.B.A. degree from Northeastern University in Boston. He is actively involved in a number of professional and HR organizations, and serves on the Board of Directors for the Anti-Defamation League of Chicago (ADL), Glenwood Academy and Skills for Chicagoland’s Future.

	Berger is a frequent speaker on organizational strategy and employee engagement. He lives in Chicago with his wife, Joan. They have two grown children.
Read Less



Neal J. Campbell
Senior Vice President, Strategic Solutions and Services


	Neal Campbell is responsible for CDW’s technology solutions teams focusing on cloud, mobility, security, collaboration, data center and services.  Read More

	Neal Campbell is responsible for CDW’s technology solutions teams focusing on cloud, mobility, security, collaboration, data center and services. 
	Prior to joining CDW in 2011 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer, Campbell served as chief executive officer of TrafficCast, a provider of real-time and predictive traffic information to Google, Yahoo and others. He also served as executive vice president and general manager of strategic marketing and next generation products for ISCO International. Additionally, Campbell spent 17 years with Motorola, most recently as vice president and general manager of GSM portfolio marketing and planning for the company’s mobile device business.
Campbell earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University and an M.B.A. in finance and marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Junior Achievement of Chicago.
Read Less



Mark Chong
Senior Vice President, Strategy and Marketing


	Mark Chong is senior vice president of strategy and marketing for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Chong is responsible for corporate strategy, business development and all marketing functions including analytics and insights, brand, advertising and sponsorships, campaign planning and execution, and corporate communications. Read More

	Mark Chong is senior vice president of strategy and marketing for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Chong is responsible for corporate strategy, business development and all marketing functions including analytics and insights, brand, advertising and sponsorships, campaign planning and execution, and corporate communications.

	Prior to joining CDW, Chong was a partner at Bain & Company, a global management consulting firm. While there, he helped business to business companies develop or enhance their go-to-market strategies through his expertise in Bain’s customer strategy & marketing, digital, and industrial goods & services practices. Chong also assisted clients to address issues such as corporate and business unit strategy, customer strategy, sales force effectiveness and post-merger integration and operations. Before Bain, he held executive positions at Honeywell International, where he served as the vice president of strategy and marketing for the aerospace business.

	Chong earned his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a bachelor's degree in physics from the University of Chicago. He serves on the Board of Directors for Make-A-Wish Illinois.
Read Less



Christina M. Corley
Senior Vice President of Corporate Sales


	Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More

	Christina M. Corley is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s corporate sales force, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development.

	Prior to joining CDW in 2011, Corley was president and chief operating officer of Zones, Inc., where she also served as executive vice president of operations and as president of Corporate PC Source (CPCS), a wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to its acquisition by Zones in 2003, Corley was the chief executive officer of CPCS and with her partners grew it to a $100 million company. Corley began her career in sales and marketing holding various positions at IBM, Dataflex and VisionTek.

	Corley earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an M.B.A. in management and strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Boys and Girls Club of Chicago.
Read Less



Douglas E. Eckrote
Senior Vice President of Small Business Sales & eCommerce


	Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s Small Business Unit, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development, as well as the technical solutions and services and marketing functions specific to Small Business. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s eCommerce operations. Read More

	Douglas E. Eckrote is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s Small Business Unit, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development, as well as the technical solutions and services and marketing functions specific to Small Business. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s eCommerce operations.

	Eckrote joined CDW in 1989 as an account manager and quickly rose through the ranks. Since joining the company, he has served in a variety of management roles of increasing responsibility. Eckrote was appointed director of operations in 1996, vice president of operations in 1999, senior vice president of purchasing in April 2001 and senior vice president of purchasing and operations in October 2001. He was promoted to senior vice president of operations, services and Canada in 2006 and in 2009 was appointed to the role of senior vice president of strategic solutions and services. He took over the Small Business Unit in 2016.

	Eckrote holds a B.S. in agricultural sales and marketing from Purdue University and an Executive M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.  He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Northern Illinois Food Bank, the Board of Trustees of The Center for Enriched Living and the Board of Trustees of Westlake Christian Academy.   In 2002, he was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business “Forty Under Forty” business leaders.
Read Less



Neil B. Fairfield
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer


	Neil Fairfield is Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing. Read More

	Neil Fairfield is Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Fairfield is responsible for the internal and external financial reporting process, including SEC reporting, operational accounting, accounts payable, partner finance and commissions processing.

	Fairfield joined CDW in 2014 as director of financial accounting and served as acting controller from February 2015 to August 2015. As of April 2017, he also serves as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining CDW, Fairfield was senior vice president, corporate finance at HSBC North America. He also held finance and accounting positions in London with HFC Bank Limited, JPMorgan Chase and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He has extensive experience leading large teams and driving both organizational change and process re-engineering.

	Fairfield received his bachelor’s degree from Nottingham University and is a chartered accountant. 
Read Less



Collin B. Kebo
Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer  International 


	Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses. Read More

	Collin Kebo is Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Chief Financial Officer – International for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Kebo is responsible for planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing, and providing financial recommendations and business decision support for leaders across the company.  Additionally, he is responsible for finance in CDW’s international businesses.

	Kebo joined CDW in 2008 after holding a series of senior finance positions with PepsiCo. Most recently, he was vice president of sales finance for PepsiCo’s Quaker, Tropicana and Gatorade businesses. Prior to that, Kebo served as vice president of finance and CFO for Gatorade North America.

	Kebo earned his M.B.A. in finance from Indiana University and a B.A. in economics from DePauw University.
Read Less



Christine A. Leahy
Senior Vice President, International, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


	Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW. Read More

	Christine A. Leahy is responsible for CDW’s international growth platform, including CDW Canada and CDW UK, CDW’s U.K.-based technology solutions provider with locations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. In addition, she is responsible for the legal, corporate governance, enterprise risk management and compliance functions of CDW.

	Prior to joining CDW in 2002 as the Company’s first general counsel, Leahy was a corporate partner in the Chicago office of Sidley Austin LLP.

	Leahy earned her bachelor’s degree from Brown University and J.D. from Boston College Law School. She completed the CEO Perspective Program at Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, as well as the Women’s Director Development Program at Kellogg.

	Leahy is Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Children’s Home and Aid. She is also a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Network. In addition, Leahy is a founder and current sponsor of CDW’s Women’s Opportunity Network, a business resource group dedicated to helping women advance and grow into tomorrow’s leaders.

	 
Read Less



Sari L. Macrie
Vice President of Investor Relations


	Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution.  Read More

	Sari L. Macrie is Vice President of Investor Relations for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations.  Macrie is responsible for overseeing all aspects of CDW's investor relations, including strategy development and execution. 

	Prior to joining CDW, she was President of Macrie & Associates, where her clients included numerous Fortune 500 firms in technology, healthcare, biotech and food industries.  Previously, Macrie also held leadership positions at Allstate Corporation, Cardinal Health and Ameritech. A Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Macrie began her career as an investment analyst at American Security Bank in Washington, DC where she was responsible for more than $100 million in assets.

	Macrie earned her B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland and master’s degree in Finance from Arizona State University.  She is former Board chair for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Business Civic Leadership Center and a member of the Chartered Financial Analysts Association.
Read Less



Christina V. Rother
Senior Vice President of Public and Advanced Technology Sales


	Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development. Read More

	Christina V. Rother is responsible for managing all aspects of CDW’s public sector and advanced technology sales forces, including sales force strategy, structure, goals, operations, revenue generation and training and development.

	After joining CDW in 1991 as an  account manager, Rother quickly rose through the ranks. In 1998, she participated on the team that created CDW Government LLC (CDW-G), and in 2002 was appointed vice president for education, and state and local government sales. Rother’s responsibilities were expanded in 2005 when she was chosen to lead the company’s newly formed healthcare sales team. She served as group vice president of CDW-G from 2006 to 2009 when she became vice president of sales and president of CDW-G. In 2011, in addition to retaining her position as CDW-G president, Rother was promoted to senior vice president of sales, focusing on public sector and advanced technology sales. Prior to joining the company, Rother held a number of sales positions with technology companies including Laser Computers and Price Electronics.

	Rother earned a B.S. from the University of Illinois at Chicago. In addition to fostering educational improvements through her work at CDW-G, she also serves as chair of the board for the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Illinois.
Read Less



Jonathan J. Stevens
Senior Vice President of Operations and Chief Information Officer


	Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices. Read More

	Jonathan J. Stevens is responsible for the strategic direction of CDW’s information technology. Additionally, he holds responsibility for CDW’s distribution centers, transportation, facilities, customer relations, operational excellence practices.

	Stevens joined CDW in 2001 as the company’s vice president of information technology. He was named chief information officer and appointed to serve on the executive committee in 2002. In addition, he served as CDW’s vice president, international in charge of the strategic direction of the company’s international business focus including CDW Canada, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was promoted to his current role in 2009. Previously, Stevens served as regional technology director for Avanade, an international integration company formed as a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture. Before Avanade, Stevens was a principal with Microsoft Consulting Services and led an IT group for a corporate division of AT&T/NCR.

	Stevens is a graduate of the University of Dayton, where he earned a B.S. degree in computer information systems management. He serves on the Board of Directors of Singlewire Software, LLC
Read Less



Matthew A. Troka
Senior Vice President of Product and Partner Management

Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers. Read More
Matthew A. Troka is responsible for managing CDW's relationship with its community of industry-leading technology partners. In addition, he directs the day-to-day operations of CDW's procurement team, keeping a broad selection of technology readily available to customers.

	Troka joined CDW in 1992 as an account manager. He quickly rose through the ranks and moved into sales management in 1995 as a sales manager. In 1998, Troka was promoted to corporate sales director and served in this capacity until 2001, when he was appointed senior director of purchasing. Prior to assuming his current role, Troka served as vice president of product and partner management from 2006-2011 and as vice president of purchasing beginning in 2004.

	Troka is a graduate of the University of Illinois with a B.S. in marketing and business administration. He is a board member of Encompass Championship Charities.
Read Less



Robert J. Welyki
Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary


	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration. Read More

	Robert J. Welyki is Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary for CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare organizations. Welyki is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the company’s cash and debt management. Additionally, he oversees CDW’s treasury and tax functions including accounts receivable and credit, risk management, payroll, and CDW’s benefit and stock option plan administration.

	Welyki began his CDW career as director of tax and treasury. Prior to joining the CDW team, he served as tax director, vice president and treasurer for CCC Information Services. Before CCC Information Services, Welyki was a tax manager at Price Waterhouse.

	Welyki, a certified public accountant, earned a B.S. in accounting from University of Illinois. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Illinois CPA Society and the Tax Executives Institute.

	 
Read Less



Ann E. Ziegler
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare. Read More

	Ann Ziegler serves as senior vice president, chief financial officer and executive committee member of CDW, a leading provider of technology solutions for businesses, government, education and healthcare.

	Ziegler is responsible for financial planning and analysis, accounting, treasury, tax, investor relations, risk management and internal audit.

	Ziegler joined the company in 2008 and brings her experience as a financial executive to the management team at CDW. Prior to joining CDW, she held a number of executive positions with Sara Lee including finance, strategy and general management roles in both U.S. and international businesses. Most recently she served as chief financial officer and senior vice president of administration for Sara Lee Food and Beverage.  Prior to joining Sara Lee, Ziegler was a corporate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.

	Ziegler earned a bachelor's degree in economics from the College of William and Mary and a law degree from University of Chicago Law School. Ziegler serves on the Supervisory Board of Wolters Kluwer, the Board of Directors of Hanesbrands, Inc., Groupon, Inc., and the Board of Governors of the Smart Museum of Art of the University of Chicago.
Read Less





Related Links

Investor Overview »
Investor Factsheet »
Non-GAAP Reconciliations »
Press Releases »
Events & Presentations »

Corporate Governance »

Corporate Officers
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact the Board


Financial Information »

SEC Filings
Quarterly Results
Non-GAAP Reconciliations


Annual Report & Proxy »
SEC Filings »
Investor FAQs »
Contact Us »


Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase


Printed Materials


Email Alerts


Download Library


RSS News Feeds


Print Page


Email Page































Connect with CDW 








                Copyright © 2007 - 2017 CDW.
                All Rights Reserved






Terms and Conditions 

Site Use
Sales and Service
International Shipment
Product Recalls
Privacy Policy
Site Accessibility
Site Map








Contact Us 

Contact Us
Locations








Shop 

CDW
CDWG
CDW Canada










Return to top of page


Copyright © 2017 · Balance Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in

























﻿


Thomas Pipe Products












Designer
Manufacturer
Distributor









Designer
Manufacturer
Distributor





Couplings & Flange Adaptors




Pipe Repairs



Pipe Fittings





Valves & Strainers




Tap In Products



Technical Data


Thomas Pipe Products is a leading designer, manufacturer and distributor of pipe
    connection, repair and flow control solutions. With special emphasis on the research
    and development of innovative new technologies, we strive to bring to market products
    incorporating our numerous patents and design registrations that represent the forefront
    of pipe connection & repair technology.
Our technical sales team, boasting combined civil pipe product experience in excess
    of 50 years, is highly experienced and able to assist with all your pipe connection
    & flow control requirements.




Home l Products l Contact Us


 © Copyright 2014 Thomas Pipe Products | Website Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved





JOHANNESBURG
CAPE TOWN



TEL:  +27 11 794 7594
TEL:  +27 21 556 5258


Back to top


Home
About Us
Products
Brochures
Gallery
Pricing
Contact Us



















Dismantling Joint & Rest. FA
EvoGrip
G-Flex Gripper
PolyGrip
G-Flex Install
LP Couplings
Dedicated Large Diameter
Unifit Series
Easi Clamp
G-Flex Repair
Repair Collar
Ultra Clamp
PolyGrip Fittings
Fabricated Fittings
Strainers
V-Loc Valves
Baffalo Saddle
DI Saddles for PVC Pipe
Easi Tee
Ultra Saddle & Tee
Under Pressure Drill


Restrained Products
Non Restrained Products
Pipe Repairs
Pipe Fittings
Valves & Strainers
Tap In Products


Website Disclaimer













PDF Catalog Listing



















Skip to main content

 













 




 


  



My TNB Stuff
 


  











Investor RelationsCompany Information 


AsiaChinaJapanAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle East / AfricaUnited States / Latin America 







 
 
 
 


 
 








Brands
Browse by Brand NamesAdaptaflexAmeraceBlackburnCarlonCatamountColor-KeyedCurrent TechnologyCyberexElastimoldEmergi-LiteEZCODEFisher PierceHarnessflexHazluxHi-TechHomacJenningsJoslynJoslyn Hi-VoltageJT PackardKindorfKopex-ExLight AlarmOcalPMAPos-E-KonQuickTurnRed DotRussellstollSta-KonSteel CitySuperstrutT & BT&B EXTy-DuctTy-RapCanadian Brands | European Brands


Products
Browse by Product CategoriesCable Protection SystemsConduit SystemsFittingsPower Connection & ControlConnectors & GroundingPower & High VoltageWire TerminationSafety TechnologyHazardous Location EnclosuresLightingSurge ProtectionWire & Cable ManagementBoxes & CoversFastening SystemsIdentification & SuppliesMetal Framing & Cable Tray


Markets
Browse by MarketsChemical ProcessingCivil InfrastructureCommercial & Institutional FacilitiesData CentersFood & Beverage ProcessingMetals & MiningOil & GasPanel Builders & System IntegratorsPower GenerationPulp & PaperRailRenewable EnergySingle & Multi-Family HousingTransmission & DistributionWater/ Waste Water


Solutions
Browse by SolutionsContinuous Operation & SustainabilityCorrosion & Harsh Environment ProtectionExtreme Temperature ProtectionGrounding & BondingLiquid Ingress ProtectionPower Quality, Efficiency & ReliabilitySKU ReductionSafety & ContaminationServices & TrainingTotal Project Cost Reduction


Resources
Catalog PDFs & Other LiteratureEnd User ToolsSolution Set eBrochuresVertical Market eBrochuresVideosWhere to BuyT&B MobileTraining


Support
Contact UsGlobal LocationsProduct Support


Company
About UsCareersEmployeesEventsNews

Catalog











Catalog


Catalog
Cross Reference
Site Search









Search







 
 
 
 





               		Add to My TNB Stuff               








Home
PDF Catalog Listing 


 











PDF Catalog Listing







 

 





Looking for a specific section of our catalog? Our PDF listing allows you to download and view only what you need.  


Wire & Cable Management - CAT1Cable Protection Systems - CAT2Power Connection & Control - CAT3Safety Technology - Cat 4 Adaptaflex / Kopex-Ex - CAT21Blackburn Grounding Systems - CAT 31Harnessflex - CAT22Stainless Steel Solutions - CAT26Ocal Corrosion Resistant Conduit SystemsBlackburn CompressionBlackburn GroundingBlackburn MechanicalT&B Cable TrayCarlon Electrical Non-Metallic TubingCarlon Non-Metallic BoxesCarlon Non-Metallic EnclosuresCarlon Non-Metallic Junction BoxesCatamount Cable TiesColor-Keyed CompressionDragon ToothT&B Express TrayEZCODEHazluxHOMAC Full CatalogHomac Substation ProductsKindorfOcalPMAPos-E-KonCarlon & Red Dot Weatherproof BoxesRussellstollShield-KonShrink-KonSta-KonSteel City & Carlon FittingsSteel City & Carlon Floor BoxesSteel City Hangers, Clamps & FastenersSteel City Metallic Boxes & CoversSuperstrutT&B Electrician SuppliesT&B FittingsTy-DuctTy-Rap Cable Fastening SystemsBlackburn ExothermicElastimold Cable AccessoriesElastimold Ranger 2Fisher PierceHi-TechJoslyn Hi-Voltage Selection GuideElastimold Switchgear Fuse Products and Surge Arresters








 

 
 








Home
Global Site
Report Issue
 




Login

T&B Access (Dist only)
Suppliers
MyTNB
 




Resources

Catalog PDFs
End User Toolkit
Solution Set Brochures
Vertical Market Brochures
Where To Buy
 




Support

Contact Us
Global Locations
Product Support
Tool Services
Legal/Privacy
 




Company

About Us
Careers
Employees
News
 







Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Pintrist
Instagram








© 2016 Thomas & Betts Corporation 







 
 
 
 
 



 

 











 





Products A - Z - Thomson Reuters Tax & Accounting







































































 

































Discover Thomson Reuters


Financial
Innovation
Legal
Reuters News Agency
Risk Management
Tax & Accounting
ThomsonReuters.com




Regions

North America
Latin America
EMEA
APAC



Product Logins



                                    CheckpointTM




                                    e-FormTM




                                    GoSystem TaxTM




                                    MastersafTM



ONESOURCE


Digita Support Portal




Contact


Contact Us


Locate Your Account Manager


Support


Locations




Hi, Guest | Your Accounts 





My Cart (0) 







Thomson Reuters
Tax & Accounting











Tax & Accounting






Home


Products



Brands


Aumentum


Checkpoint
Checkpoint


Checkpoint Overview


RIA and WG&L


PPC


Quickfinder


Checkpoint Learning




CS Professional Suite


ONESOURCE


Onvio


All Products A-Z






Solutions


For Organizations


Accounting Firms


Corporations


Financial Institutions


Governments


Law Firms




FATCA & CRS


BEPS






Related Resources


Case Studies


Events


Videos


Webcasts







Insights



Blog


Tax & Accounting Blog






News


News powered by Checkpoint


Newsletters & Magazines


Tax Talk


Press Releases






Analysis


Reports


White Papers






Connections


Social Media




Insights Overview



Insights
Articles on accounting, tax news and more by Thomson Reuters






Support & Learning



Aumentum


Product Support


Training




Checkpoint


Product Support


Training






CS Professional Suite


Product Support


Training & Consulting




ONESOURCE


Product Support


ONESOURCE University






General


Support


Training & Webcasts


SYNERGY Conferences


Events









                                            Visit our Community



                                        You can seek expert advice from peers, ask a question or search for answers! Community FAQs






Community


Store




Shop All Products





                                            Visit Our Store to Shop All Products

Browse popular products from the tax and accounting brands you rely on.







                                        Shop Quickfinder Bundles
                                    



Shop Quickfinder Bundles
The more you buy, the more you save with our quantity discount pricing.






                                        Shop By Practice Area


                                        Shop By Practice Area



Practice Area Overview


Audit & Accounting


Business Valuation & Consulting


Finance


International Trade


Marketing for Firms


Payroll


Pension & Benefits


Practice Management


Tax







                                        Shop by Brand


                                        Shop by Brand



Brand Overview


Checkpoint
Checkpoint


Checkpoint Overview


Boskage


EBIA


PPC


Quickfinder


RIA


WG&L


Checkpoint Learning







                                        Shop by Organizations






Your Accounts


My Cart (0)


Regions


Product Logins


Contact














Entire Site



Product Code



Author Name







 





Learn more about Thomson Reuters products for tax and accounting professionals
We offer comprehensive expert research, fully developed software suites, standalone products, web-based platforms and continuing education. From niche accounting firms to global corporate tax needs, there is a combination of software and know-how that fits. Click on any module below to get started.

1099
A comprehensive 1099 solution, ONESOURCE Tax Information Reporting lets you consolidate and centralize your information to process and file all forms as required by the IRS and SSA.
View Product Details >

ACA Compliance Reporting
While the reporting process for 1095-A, 1095-B and 1095-C is somewhat new and very complex, information reporting is not unfamiliar to Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE. ONESOURCE manages massive volume filings with ease, all while delivering exceptional customer service and unparalleled security. We keep you confident in this changing regulatory environment.
View Product Details >

Accounting & Audit
Turn to Thomson Reuters Checkpoint for all your accounting and auditing answers. Stay on top of breaking news at FASB, SEC, AICPA, IRS, Treasury, and other standard setters.
View Product Details >

Accounting CS
A revolutionary accounting, trial balance, financial analysis, payroll, and client accounting system.
View Product Details >

Accounting CS Client Access
A powerful service that lets you work with your business clients in real time, all the time.
View Product Details >

Accounting CS Payroll
A full-service payroll software offering for accountants that quickly performs calculating payroll with accuracy and ease.
View Product Details >

AdvanceFlow
Audit management and trial balance software that combines cloud convenience with enterprise-level processing power to make managing all your engagements easy and effective.
View Product Details >

Audit Manager
Manage many audits simultaneously with a new level of organization and documented support. ONESOURCE Audit Manager supports international, U.S. federal, state and local audits across all jurisdictions and tax types.
View Product Details >

Aumentum Cadastre
Maximize efficiency and reduce redundancy with our comprehensive, multi-level solution for creating and maintaining accurate geographic data.
View Product Details >

Aumentum eGovernment
Providing constituents easy access to records, property and tax data, it’s like having a branch of your office open online.
View Product Details >

Aumentum OpenTitle
For rural communities without a formal land registration system, our software offers a turnkey solution requiring minimal training or investment.
View Product Details >

Aumentum Recorder
Our easy-to-use, browser-based records management system helps cash-strapped governments do a lot more with less.
View Product Details >

Aumentum Registry
Bring unparalleled automation and efficiency to your jurisdiction’s legal framework for land rights registration.
View Product Details >

Aumentum Tax
The most comprehensive and flexible tax billing, collection and management solution available on the market today.
View Product Details >

Aumentum Valuation
Data accuracy and ease of use are key features of this robust, yet easy-to-use property appraisal solution.
View Product Details >

Checkpoint
Thomson Reuters Checkpoint connects you to the most comprehensive and trusted tax facts and expert analysis online. Quickly master our simplified search for exactly the right research and guidance, news and source materials.
View Product Details >

Checkpoint Marketing for Firms
Retain clients, generate leads and earn more profitable business with our content for websites, social media and other vital communications. Choose the perfect mix of marketing tools for your firm: digital and print newsletters, alerts, tax and estate planning guides, ready-to-present seminars, stand-alone articles, and more.
View Product Details >

Checkpoint World
Designed specifically for multinational corporations, Checkpoint World provides the insight needed for cross-border tax and accounting transactions.
View Product Details >

Corporate Finance & Accounting
Complete libraries of source materials from the SEC, PCAOB, FASB, and AICPA are integrated with expert analysis.
View Product Details >

Corporate Taxation
Whether your corporation operates in one country, one state or around the world, turn to Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE for the most comprehensive software solution to manage your complete tax lifecycle. For corporate tax guidance, research and analysis, Thomson Reuters Checkpoint is unmatched. And for multinational companies, Checkpoint World provides insight on international tax and accounting practices to effectively complete your cross-border transactions.

CPE & Learning Solutions
Gain the knowledge you need, make certification compliance a snap, improve retention and develop your staff, all with the Checkpoint Learning platform, events and webinars.
View Product Details >

CS Professional Suite
An integrated suite of robust, professional-level tax and accounting tools for accounting firms and CPAs. CS Professional Suite offers fully automated workflow, paperless processes and the powerful backing of Thomson Reuters information resources.
View Product Details >

Digita
This accounting suite of software was created by accounting professionals, for professional accountants in the United Kingdom.
View Product Details >

Dofiscal
This online tax information database has been providing answers to the tax questions of Mexican citizens and professionals for more than 70 years.
View Product Details >

DT Professional Suite
The DT Professional Suite is an integrated set of tax and productivity software products for Canadian accounting professionals. Links to the authoritative online tax research of Taxnet Pro and redouble the efficiencies possible with the DT Professional Suite.
View Product Details >

Estate Planning
Get best planning practices for all types of estates and trusts as well as guidance in preparing flawless estate and trust income tax returns.
View Product Details >

Fast Facts
Tax compliance and payroll software for doing business in India. As the leading withholding tax software provider in India, Fast Facts serves thousands of firms, including the Big Four accounting firms, banks and multinational corporations.
View Product Details >

FATCA & CRS
AEOI is an integrated global reporting solution that keeps you one-step ahead of the regulations so you can future-proof your reporting strategy.
View Product Details >

Federal Tax (US)
The most comprehensive collection of research, primary source materials, analysis and expert guidance for accounting, tax and corporate finance professionals. Products are available online via Thomson Reuters Checkpoint, in print and via e-books.
View Product Details >

FirmFlow
This workflow software helps your accounting practice standardize any business process with automated routing, real-time tracking, custom reporting, and more.
View Product Details >

Fixed Assets CS
Manage your clients’ fixed-assets inventory and calculate multiple depreciation methods. Fixed Assets CS uses simple wizards to accurately manage assets. Works seamlessly with CS Professional Suite to eliminate repetitive data entry.
View Product Details >

GoFileRoom
Web-based document management, scanning and workflow technology with the flexibility of 24/7 access. You and your accounting firm staff can share, route and review files at any time, using a highly customizable, turnkey solution.
View Product Details >

GoSystem Tax RS
A secure online environment for collaborative tax preparation across your accounting practice. GoSystem RS allows multiple staff to work on returns concurrently. Access, share and store all your data and tax applications from anywhere you have an Internet connection.
View Product Details >

ICB
Accounting professionals in Peru choose Informativo Caballero Bustamente (ICB) as their go-to software solution to serve their clients.
View Product Details >

In-House Training
Customized on-site training for our flagship products. In-house training for PPC across 50 topics; in-house AuditWatch training and consulting; or cost-effective video training modules and webinars for Checkpoint.
View Product Details >

Indirect Tax
Keep up with constantly changing sales and use tax, VAT, GST, as well as country and industry-specific indirect taxes around the globe. With the broadest and deepest coverage of tax content in over 14,500 tax jurisdictions in over 180 countries, we consolidate your work with a solution that offers proven results. Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE manages tax compliance easily, cost-effectively and efficiently.
View Product Details >

International Tax Research
Gain a deep understanding of the requirements of doing business in every region of the world with the most comprehensive information solutions to serve your expanding needs. Get up to speed on tax treaties, transfer pricing, tax laws, and global tax strategies. Access OECD models and IBFD content as well as our own WorldTrade Executive and WG&L analysis and treatises.
View Product Details >

International Trade
For members of the international trade community, research materials, support and tools from our Boskage, WorldTrade Executive and WG&L experts are now available together on Thomson Reuters Checkpoint®, the leading online information service for tax, accounting and finance professionals. We understand that yours is a complex and ever-changing industry, and as a result our products are updated as laws, policies, government texts or supplements change.
View Product Details >

Live Seminars & Conferences
Seminars and week-long conferences from leading providers of tax and accounting education, presented by Checkpoint Learning from Thomson Reuters. Nationally recognized speakers and hands-on practitioners provide the latest in continuing education and networking.
View Product Details >

Marketing Solutions
Acquire and retain clients, position your firm as a thought leader, and grow a more profitable practice. Marketing solutions include digital and print newsletters, tax and estate planning guides, custom articles, content for your website, social media marketing tools and other business development tools and services from our leading brands – Checkpoint Marketing for Firms and Web Builder CS.

Mastersaf
This comprehensive tax and accounting solution helps Brazilian corporations keep up with corporate accounting needs.
View Product Details >

myPay Solutions
Payroll processing for your accounting firm’s clients. Accurate client reporting, revenue sharing and journal entries integrate with your write-up or trial balance software. Increase your business and boost client retention without having to physically process payrolls.
View Product Details >

NetClient CS
Allow your clients a convenient, secure way to access documents and software, transfer data and exchange information with your accounting firm, any time and from any location, via your own website.
View Product Details >

Nonresident Alien Taxation
Trust ONESOURCE Nonresident Alien Taxation to stay compliant with increasingly important payroll and reporting rules for U.S. nonresident alien employees. Our experts help you make sense of W-8/W-9 tax information reporting rules.
View Product Details >

Online Learning
Interactive courses on Checkpoint Learning cover a variety of accounting and tax topics, including industry-leading state ethics training courses for accountants. Top products: Checkpoint Learning, MicroMash, PASS Online, and Checkpoint Learning Webinars.
View Product Details >

Onvio
Thomson Reuters Onvio is a cloud-based tax and accounting solution that redefines the concept of integration with its flexible, modular approach and the ability to automatically update applications through a centralized database.
View Product Details >

Onvio Client Center
The secure online portal of Onvio Client Center is the latest in true collaboration—a cloud-based hub for communication between your staff and clients.
View Product Details >

Onvio Documents
Onvio Documents brings you end-to-end cloud-based document management, with an intuitive interface that lets you work closely with your clients to collect source documents and share files.
View Product Details >

Onvio Project Manager
The centralized workflow hub of Onvio Project Manager combines the tools and resources that let your staff manage their own responsibilities—but keep you in complete control.
View Product Details >

Onvio Time and Billing
Whether you’re entering time and expenses or creating invoices and billing statements, Onvio Time and Billing’s centralized database and real-time synchronization make sure you and your staff are always on the same page.
View Product Details >

Onvio Workpapers
Use the cloud to coordinate engagements and access the information you need—from anywhere, at any time—with Onvio Workpapers, the ultimate collaborative engagement management tool.
View Product Details >

Pension & Benefits
Confidently design and administer pension plans and employee benefit programs with editorial guidance from leading RIA, WG&L, PPC, and EBIA specialists.
View Product Details >

Planner CS
Analyze tax strategies and communicate results to your clients. View tax alternatives, create projections by state, show percent or dollar changes and carry forward items automatically. Add high-value tax planning to your offerings.
View Product Details >

Practice CS
Comprehensive practice management software. Get a digital dashboard with real-time views of staff workflow and valuable insight into every aspect of your practice: billing detail, staff availability, client communications and ongoing performance insight.
View Product Details >

Property Tax
Manage your property tax compliance throughout the United States and Canada with Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE. A streamlined approach, from complex issues and appeals to technology and data security, property tax workflow and compliance.
View Product Details >

Quickfinder
Written by and for tax professionals, this is the complete quick and easy-to-use information source with its own unique voice. When you need a quick, concise and accurate US federal, state or local tax answer, turn to Quickfinder.
View Product Details >

Self-Study Courses
Turn to Checkpoint Learning for continuing professional education (CPE) self-study programs, both online and print-based. A variety of flexible, affordable ways to meet CPE requirements. Coursework can be supplemented with video and audio from live seminars.
View Product Details >

Sistemas Bejerman
This tax and accounting software brand offers complete solutions for accounting firms in the country of Argentina.
View Product Details >

Software as a Service for CS Professional Suite (SaaS)
An online software delivery method that lets you lease the entire award-winning CS Professional Suite plus Microsoft® Office and Exchange for a low monthly cost.
View Product Details >

State & Local Tax (US)
Cut through the maze of state and local taxes with the speed and ease of Thomson Reuters Checkpoint along with an array of print and e-book products. Checkpoint gives you more state and local tax information than any other research service. Anchored with the expert guidance from renowned authors, you can be sure that the content and analysis will always provide you with the most comprehensive expert guidance available.
View Product Details >

Tax Foresight
Tax Foresight leverages the power of machine learning and artificial intelligence to allow practitioners to rapidly resolve in advance how courts will rule in new tax situations, based on facts provided by users.
View Product Details >

Tax Information Reporting (1099)
Manage U.S. and Canadian 1099s, W-8/W-9 requirements, TIN compliance and withholding management. Keep up with foreign reporting with our FATCA solution. Need help understanding the myriad of changes in regulations? Our training will help turn your staff into experts.
View Product Details >

Taxnet Pro
Canada’s most comprehensive online tax research service delivers more in every search, combining superior content with powerful research tools that deliver relevant results quickly and effortlessly. Through the intuitive user interface of Taxnet Pro, quickly access the most current authoritative content that will give you clarity and insight into any tax issue.
View Product Details >

ToolBox CS
Put key accounting and tax tools at your fingertips. ToolBox CS quickly accesses financial, accounting, and tax calculators, calculating federal forms, flowcharts from the IRS and templates of internal office documents.
View Product Details >

Tax Provision
Optimize tax processing using a patented system for corporate tax provision. ONESOURCE Tax Provision creates an automated flow of information between general ledger, provision and return systems, customizable self-reconciling reports and guaranteed calculations.
View Product Details >

Transfer Pricing
Analyze transactions in accordance with your transfer pricing policies. ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing creates a step-by-step process to guide you through a complete transfer pricing study and generate compliance documents.
View Product Details >

Trust & Estate Administration
Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE software and service solutions for 706, 1041, 709, fiduciary accounting, estate planning and more. Ensures easier, more efficient estate and trust administration, including fiduciary accounting, estate taxes and gift taxes.
View Product Details >

Trust Tax
Comprehensive trust tax compliance software on Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE. Access virtually every type of trust tax return. Offers estate and administration tools and full-service trust tax services through a secure data center.
View Product Details >

UltraTax CS
Streamline your tax practice workflow, from initial client data collection to tax return e-filing. Do more with less staff by eliminating hours of manual effort.
View Product Details >

Virtual Office CS
Get CS Professional Suite tax and accounting software and selected Microsoft products in a virtual environment. Eliminate your IT burden and ensure business continuity. Simply log on and go to work, with secure, 24/7 Internet access to your software and data.
View Product Details >

Web Builder CS
Strengthen your accounting firm’s online presence with an easy-to-build custom website along with unique content, calculators, newsletters and more to create a professional presence.
View Product Details >

Workflow Management
Manage corporate tax workflow, from planning to provisions, tax return preparation and audit response. ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager handles workflows, documents and data collection. ONESOURCE Calendar automates due-date monitoring.
View Product Details >

Workpapers CS
A completely new way to manage your workpapers, with real-time online collaboration and powerful tools for managing data from a variety of sources.
View Product Details > 



 










 
























This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.


