




Geant Corp. | About















































































Geant Corp.











Home






Process






About






Contact






More




















© 2016 Geant Corp.

























ABOUT US
 





If you want to make a special gift for yourself or your loved ones, buy our products made from Elephant Poo. It's the best thing to by for all tourists who are visiting India and Geant Corp. are always happy to help you. 
 
We wanted to focus on something that was socially and environmentally responsible so we were contributing to the solution and not adding to the problem. We wanted to work with something that had more meaning to us, something we could be passionate about, and that possibly could have an important social statement attached to it. We wanted that focus to be on some product or service that was unique, interesting and special so we could leverage that uniqueness to help us grow a viable business. We wanted to work on something that stimulated our creativity everyday, something that was fun and happy so we could minimize the probability of monotony and keep the workplace fun for our employees. 
 
Geant Corp. is managed by the same, original and idealistic founders and a dedicated team of fun staff and creative artisans. Our hope  remains that you find our eco-friendly, recycled paper and stationery gift products to be inspirational, optimistic, happy, positive and fun.
 
Why our products are unique? Because it's eco-friendly natural product. All of our paper products are 100% recycled. They are made up of 30% fiber from elephant dung and 70% post consumer paper. There are no toxic chemicals used in our paper making process. Natural vegetative binding agents, along with water-soluble salt dyes for coloring are used. Mr. Ellie Pooh’s papers are handmade, acid free and as organic as it gets.




































Geant Corp.














































































Geant Corp.











Home






Process






About






Contact






More




















© 2016 Geant Corp.

















Welcome to the Elephant dung products website. Thank you for visiting us, we hope you enjoy!





If you want to make a special gift for yourself or your loved ones, buy our products made from Elephant Poo. It's the best thing to by for all tourists who are visiting India and Geant Corp. are always happy to help you.
 
For our first issue we provide for your reading pleasure some facts about dung:
1. On average an elephant will eat 200-250kg of food a day from that we get 50kg of dung.
2. One elephant makes about 115 sheets of paper a day.
3. Elephant's dung does not smell that bad. If it does smell that bad then maybe the elephant is ill.
4. You can take the temperature of an elephant by its dung just minus 1 degree centigrade from a freshly fallen ball!
5. An elephant's dung is just fiber. Elephants are poor digesters of their food over 50% of what they eat comes straight out the other end. The elephants are kindly doing the first stage of any paper making process – getting the fibers.
6. Elephant Dung Paper does not smell at all.
7. We do not use chlorine.
8. It is 100% bacteria free.
9. Dung is a waste product if we don't make paper that's more pollution.







Products


Various products were made using elephant dung:
Bags
Frames
Photo Albums
Notebooks
Stationery
Cards 

















































































































Geant Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















geant corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Forest & Paper Products
Sub-Industry: Paper
Geant Corp. manufactures and distributes paper products. The Company offers bags, photo albums, notebooks, cards, and stationery products. Geant markets its products in Sri Lanka.




Corporate Information
Address:

Kiranthidiya Road 114
Beruwala
Beruwala, 12070
Sri Lanka


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.geantcorp.com





Board Members




President/CEO/CFO/Treasurer
Company


Suneetha Nandana Sudusinghe
Geant Corp


























From The Web











Key Executives


Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe


President/CEO/CFO/Treasurer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































 






Geant Hypermarket Kuwait










































Skip to main content
Skip to navigation


 



 









 
 

 






Kuwait
UAE
Bahrain



English


         
 
 


 


















 
 








Body Care


Customers will love this aesthetically designed section at Géant hypermarket. Every essential for grooming and body care is available in this section. Select from a range of make-up and skin care essentials in a variety of brands for every skin type. As you wander through the aisles see the vast selection of personal care products including dental and oral care. A large selection of latest grooming essentials epilators, shavers and hair removers are on display. View the range of bath and beauty products in a variety of brand names. Body sprays, deodorants and hair care products also form a large part of this section.
Save on a variety of vitamins, supplements, herbs, diet and nutrition products and stock up your medicine cabinet with cough & cold remedies, pain relievers and antacids.



 
 

  


Store Locator

Kuwait (7)Geant Hypermarket (1)Geant Easy Supermarkets (6) 
 


Grocery
Fresh Foods
Electronics
Home Appliances
Textile
Home Equipment
Office Equipment
Culture & Entertainment
Body Care
Outdoor
New Product Arrivals
 
 
 











 
 











 
 



 Copyright © Géant Hypermarket Kuwait     



Advertise with us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Special Offer
 
 

 
 

 









Geant Hypermarket UAE
















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation


 



 









 
 

 






UAE
Kuwait
Bahrain



                                                        
                                                 

English


      
 
 


 


















 
 








Home Appliances


If you are starting a new home or need to replace any of home appliances you can find it in Géant’s home appliance section. The products are displayed and marked clearly by category ensuring that your shopping is easy and your selection process is smooth. Knowledgeable sales staff is at hand to provide you with any assistance you need to make the right choice.
All well known brands both local and international are available along with after sales service and home delivery for the larger items. From refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, dish washers, dryers, microwaves to food processors, blenders and vacuum cleaners you will find all the home appliances products that you require at Géant.



 
 

  


Search Our Products



Category: *
AnyEasy LivingGroupe Casino



Section: *
AnyGroceryBeveragePublic HealthFrozenDelicatessenCheeseHome LinenHousewareSportsDiy / CarCultureStationaryHouse EquipmentGardeningLuggageCampingToys / Bicycle


Keyword: 







 

Store Locator

UAE (14)Geant Online (1)Geant Hypermarket (4)Geant Easy Supermarkets (9) 
 


Grocery
Fresh Foods
Electronics
Home Appliances
Textile
Home Equipment
Office Equipment
Culture & Entertainment
Body Care
Outdoor
New Product Arrivals
 
 
 











 
 











 
 



 Copyright © Géant Hypermarket UAE     



Advertise with us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Special Offer
Extended warranty
 
 

 
 

 






Geant Hypermarket Bahrain



























































Skip to main content
Skip to navigation


 



 









 
 

 






Bahrain
UAE
Kuwait



                                                        
                                                 

English


          
 
 


 















 
 








Grocery


At Géant hypermarket the range of grocery products is phenomenal. Miles of aisles carry a multitude of brands in each category to suit every taste, need and price in the grocery category. From international brands, to local favourites and Géant’s home brand Casino customers will be delighted at the vast array of grocery products that stock the shelves at Géant. From the basics rice, oil, sugar and salt to a range of coffees, teas, cereals, beverages and pastas, Géant stocks and sells everything that you require in the grocery category.
Products are sourced from the UAE as well as from Asia, Africa, Europe, America and Australia ensuring that whatever you need from world over Géant has it!



 
 

  


Store Locator

Bahrain (9)Geant Hypermarkets (4)Gulf Mart Hypermarket (4) 
 


Grocery
Fresh Foods
Electronics
Home Appliances
Textile
Home Equipment
Office Equipment
Culture & Entertainment
Body Care
Outdoor
New Product Arrivals
 
 
 











 
 











 
 



 Copyright © Géant Hypermarket Bahrain     



Advertise with us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Special Offer
 
 

 
 












GEANT CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





GEANT CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
GEANT CORP.


Company Address
IRUKUPALEM 2/56GUNTUR 522403


Company Phone
17027510467


Company Website
www.geantcorp.com


CEO
Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe


Employees  (as of 10/12/2016) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
5/31


Status
Filed (8/9/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.04


Shares Offered
2,000,000


Offer Amount
$80,000.00


Total Expenses
$10,158.06


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
4,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001680132




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of
shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per
share is $0.04. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the
sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100% respectively of the securities offered for sale
by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $80,000 as
anticipated.

                                  25% of            50% of            75% of            100% of   
                                 offering        offering the        offering          offering       
                                    the           ($40,000)             the               the     
                                 ($20,000)                           ($60,000)         ($80,000)  
Gross proceeds                 $    20,000     $       40,000     $      60,000     $      80,000     
Registration Costs             $     7,000     $        7,000     $       7,000     $       7,000     
Net proceeds                   $    13,000     $       33,000     $      53,000     $      73,000     
                                                                                                      
                               The net proceeds will be used as follows                               
Legal and Professional fees    $     7,000     $        7,000     $       7,000     $       7,000     
Hollander beater machine                 -     $        6,000     $      10,500     $      15,000     
Additional equipment materials $       600     $        2,300     $       3,900     $        5700     
Operating supply               $       200     $        1,000     $       2,500     $       5,000     
Raw materials                  $     4,800     $       10,500     $      18,800     $      20,600     
Website development                      -     $          400     $         800     $       1,500     
Office set-up                            -     $        2,400     $       3,800     $       6,200     
Marketing campaign             $       300     $        1,000     $       1,500     $       3,000     
Hire workers                             -     $        2,400     $       4,200     $       9,000     

The above figures describe only exemplary costs. All receipts will be deposited
into our corporate financial balance. If we rise less than 25% of the offering
proceeds the only expected source of funds to commence planned business
activities is a loan from our director. Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our
sole officer and director, has agreed to loan the company funds to complete the
registration process and to maintain a reporting status with the SEC. No
proceeds from this offering will be used to repay Mr. Sudusinghe for any funds
advanced for the purpose of completing the registration process. We will require
a minimum funding of approximately $20,000 to conduct our proposed operations
for a minimum period of one year including costs associated with this offering
and maintaining a reporting status with the SEC.


We know that there are a number of obstacles to entering the market of dung
paper items and the competition is rather high. There are several companies
(PooPooPaper, Haathi Chaap and ecoMaximus) that offer comparative items and we
will have to compete with them. We see the main competitive advantage of our
competitors in the established customer base and marketing outlets. Howbeit, we
arranged on a wholesale exchange, for the most part, so we will have capacity to
offer our item for extensive organizations in huge amount. So our item is more
extensive, and quality is better, ways to deal with business are more flexible.

One of our biggest competitive advantages is that our item is raw material for
different companies. So we would have a major measure of delivering item at the
brief timeframe.

Some of the competitive factors that may affect our business are as follows:

1. Number of Competitors Increase: different companies may follow our business
   model of distributing high quality paper items made from elephant dung, which
   will reduce our competitive edge.

2. Price: Our competitors may be selling similar product at a lower price
   forcing us to lower our prices as well and possibly sell our product at loss.

3. Substitute Products: ompetitors may substitute items made from elephant dung
   with comparable items made from dung of some other animals.


Company Description
We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016. We just
recently started our operations. Our business is the production of paper made
from elephant dung (poo) for making different stationery products and
distribution thereof primarily in Shri Lanka.
---

We will disperse our items


 in Shri Lanka and neighboring countries. We plan to
use various distribution channels for various types of customers. As a rule we
arrenged for a wholesale exchange, however in future we can make some items for
various traveler shops and kiosks; corporate customers and individual customers
will be covered by our web page and targeted marketing exercises.

Geant Corp.’s business is in making unique products to be sold to both
mass-market customers and individual clients in future.  We want to focus on
something that is socially and environmentally responsible so we are
contributing to the solution and not adding to the problem. We want to work with
something that had more meaning to us, something we could be passionate about,
and that possibly could have an important social statement attached to it. All
of our paper products are 100% recycled. They do not have any smell. They are
made up of 70% fiber from elephant dung and 30% post consumer paper. All papers
everywhere are made from a pulp mixture derived from fiber materials. The most
common papers today come from wood fiber pulp from cut trees. Our fibers of
choice, of course, are dung fibers. We use the dung fibers from elephants to
make our dung paper products.

All elephants that generate the dung that we require for our process have at
least two things in common:

1) All are herbivores and have highly fibrous diets of different plants and
   vegetation.

2) All possess inefficient digestive systems that do not completely digest
   and breakdown all the fibers that they eat. This results in a significant
   amount of fibers remaining intact when these animals dung. There are no toxic
   chemicals used in our paper making process. Natural vegetative binding
   agents, along with water-soluble salt dyes for coloring are used.

Our dung papers are handmade, acid free and as organic as it gets.

We are focused on the production of dung paper for mass-market customers to give
them the ability of making different stationery products, souvenirs,
tourist-oriented products, up-market gifts and interior design items from
natural products on advanced and unique designs. It would be easier for them to
buy raw materials (paper) from us to produce needed products instead of making
paper. It is easier for us at the beginning to set up the production of paper
instead of setting up the whole paper production and of different kinds of
stationery products at the same time. In the future we have plans about
production of some additional stationery items aside from paper.

Geant Corp. has the ability to product handmade dung paper for making such
original items as, for example:

. Bags

. Frames

. Photo Albums

. Notebooks

. Stationery

. Cards  

However, first, we intend to launch a mass production of inexpensive handmade
dung paper for making different stationery products and various tourist
souvenirs, which were made using elephant dung.

Hollander Beater for Handmade Paper

                              Beater Specifications                               

Pulp Capacity         Stainless Steel                 Fiberglass                  
                      (Sh-Hydra-SS)                   (Sh-Hydra)                  
                      2.2 lbs (1 kg)                  2 lbs (9 kg)                
Size                                                                              
Inches (L x W x H)    28.5” x 48” x 48”               32 x 49” x 48”              
cm (L x W x H)        73 x 122 x 122 cm               82 x 125 x 122 cm           

Roll                  8” x 8” (20 cm x 20 cm) 304 Stainless steel                 
                      24 -3 /16” (45 mm) replaceable blades mounted on 1”(2.54 cm)
                      shaft                                                       
                      Laser cut and assembled on                                  

Motor                 3/4 Hp TEFC (totally enclosed fan cooled)                   
                      110/ 220 volt 60 Hz                                         
                      Optional 1 hp TEFC 110/ 220 volts 60 hz                     

International Motors  3/4 hp TEFC 110/220 volts 50/60 hz                          
                      Optional 1 hp TEFC 110/220 volts 50/60 hz                   

Motor Controls        Air actuated on /off switch mounted on end of arm coupled to
                      motor rated switches in isolated electrical box.            

Optional magnetic     Used where required by safety codes.                        
starter               

Lid Safety switches   Included: -machine will not operate without lid in place.   

Adjusting mechanism   Single handwheel on end of arm with lock nut.               

Stand                 Aluminum tubing and fittings with casters.                  

OPTIONS                                                                           

Optional Amp Meter    Shows amount of power machine is using allowing the roll to 
                      be set at the same height for each batch.                   

Clear Plastic Lid     Covers returns area, makes beater quieter.                  

Lifting Winch         A labor saving device to raise roll into cleaning 
                      position. 

SHIPPING WEIGHT       Polyester resin tub- approx. 280 lbs (128 kg) Stainless     
                      steel tub-approx. 300 (136 kg)
---

Our office is located at Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070. Our
phone number is +17027510467. Our website: www.geantcorp.com. E-mail: 
office@geantcorp.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$1,300


Net Income
-$6,614


Total Assets
$6,353






Total Liabilities
$11,400


Stockholders' Equity
-$5,047




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



GEANT CORP.
S-1/A
10/12/2016
Filing



GEANT CORP.
S-1/A
9/30/2016
Filing



GEANT CORP.
S-1/A
9/21/2016
Filing



GEANT CORP.
S-1
8/9/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
George Stewart, CPA


Company Counsel
Harrison Law, P.A


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































 

































Geant Manufacturers | Suppliers of Geant (Product And Company,US Import Trade Data) — Panjiva


 





 



 
















Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 













   
 





  
                    Suppliers                    
                        50                    

 



  
                    Buyers                    
 

 



  
                    Products                    
 

 


 Shipments
 












 
Loading search filters...
 

Manufacturers of geant and Suppliers of geant





SetAlerts





SaveSearch




ExportResults 




50 results matching geant




 



Sort by
relevance
number of matching shipments
recency weighted matching shipments
specialization (% matching)
expertise (length of time shipped)
total matching shipment volume (kg)
supplier name (A-Z)
supplier name (Z-A)
number of total shipments (high-low)
number of total shipments (low-high) 







Arcopa SA 


  
              Peru          



        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



14 shipments          match
            geant



420 shipments                              total        




    ...POIDS NET: 24 ,016.50 KG 269 CARTONS: PULPE CRUE D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELE : 6,052.50 KG 612 SACS: CHUTES D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELE...  

 






Frozen Products Corporation Sac 


  
              Peru          



        Has verified third-party data      



11 shipments          match
            geant



70 shipments                              total        




    ...WHOLE MAHI MAHI SKIN ON FILLET) 144.00 KG TENTACULES D'ENCORNET GEANT COUPES CONGELES SC: DOSIDICUS GIGAS (SOIT 180 SACHETS X 800G) 10 CARTONS...  

 






Procolor 


  
              France          



        Has verified third-party data      



8 shipments          match
            geant



18 shipments                              total        




GEANT SCREEN  

 






Biondi Y Cia. De Tacna, S.A.C. 


  
              Peru          



        Has verified third-party data      



5 shipments          match
            geant



93 shipments                              total        




    ...EAC H. 4,950 KGS 35 PLASTIC DRUMS OLN3165 BLACK P ERU GEANT OLIVES IN BRINE, CALIBER 110/130, P ACKED IN PLASTIC DRUM OF...  

 






Productora Andina De Congelados S.R 


  
              Peru          


          Wholesale        


        Has verified third-party data      



4 shipments          match
            geant



356 shipments                              total        




    ...SQUID - TOTAL: 3,716 MASTER CARTON 18, 580 KGS. LAMELLES D'ENCORNET GEANT CRUES SUR GELEES IQF (DOSIDICUS GIGAS) 3,716 MASTER CA RTON / PACKING...  

 




      See all 50 results with a Panjiva subscription
    
Sign Up 




Arcopa S.A. 


  
              Ecuador          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      



4 shipments          match
            geant



48 shipments                              total        




    958 BULK 849 CARTONS TRONCOS PRECUITS DE TENTACULES D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELES 10,188 KG 100 SACKS CHUTES D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELE 3,000 KG...…958 BULK 849 CARTONS TRONCOS PRECUITS DE TENTACULES D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELES 10,188 KG 100 SACKS CHUTES D ENCORNET GEANT CONGELE 3,000 KG...  

 






Dynamic Network Container Line Ltd. 


  
              Singapore          



        Has verified third-party data      



3 shipments          match
            geant



56,110 shipments                              total        




    ...VALISETTE PUZZLE 100 PCS " MISSION SPATIALE"-J02924 PO#5857-VALISETTE PU ZZLE GEANT 27 PCS "TRAIN GEANT ALPHABET"-J029 28 PO#5857-BODYMAGNET-J05491 PO...  

 






Sa Des Eaux Minerales D'evian 


  
              France          



        Has verified third-party data      



3 shipments          match
            geant



11,530 shipments                              total        




    ...BADOIT 100LP EXP PK6 LOS140 YETI 2201101900 (HS) 980 CARTON 6258.28 KGM 0.015 MTQ BADOIT 100LPRED FR PK6 IPP140 GEANT VERT 2201101900 (HS)  

 






C.H. Robinson Europe B.V. 


  
              Netherlands          



        Has verified third-party data      



3 shipments          match
            geant



17,771 shipments                              total        




GEANT SCREEN SPARE PARTS BATTERY CHARGERS FAIENCERIE FAIENCERIE SPARE PARTS GLUE HAZARDOUS GOODS OIL PRESSURE GENERATOR  

 






Sdv Ltd. (HK) 


  
              Hong Kong          


          Wholesale        


        Has verified third-party data      



2 shipments          match
            geant



1,154 shipments                              total        




    ...PARIS-FRANCE 11) P.O.NO.BC94196-US ITEM NO.:DJ07170 PUZZLE GEANT - LEON LE DRAGON GIANT PUZZLE - LEON THE DRAGON BARCODE:3 070 900...  

 




Results per page: 
10
20
50
100  



1


2


3


4


5











Loading... 

Loading... 



   


 The companies listed above have not approved or sponsored Panjiva's provision of any of the information in these search results. These results are derived from various public and private data sources. These results have not been confirmed by Panjiva and are provided on an "AS IS" basis, as further described in Panjiva's Terms and Conditions of Use and Panjiva's Transparency Policy. Your use of the information provided in these results is subject in all respects to those Terms and Conditions of Use. 









Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 








 







	POOL360 - BRETZEL GEANT C/12





















































						This is a wholesale site for our registered dealers. To become a customer
						
							Click Here
						





Languages : English (US/Canada)French (France)French (Canada)English (UK)Spanish (US)Spanish (Spain)Portuguese (Portugal)













Login


								| Register









Toggle navigation





								Menu
							




Home
About UsBecome A CustomerSite Features
Products
Categories
Sales Center
































BRETZEL GEANT C/12
												(FUN-900-0004)
											



Product # :
                           
                          FUN-900-0004
Mfg :
                               
                              SWIMLINE INTERNATIONAL CORP.
Mfg # :
                           
                          E90640EUF
Department :
                               
                              TOYS
Product Line :
                               
                              Mats | Floats
UOM ( Default ) :
                           
                          UN
Obsolete :
                               
                              This product is not obsolete.
Ship Weight (lbs) :
                               
                              1.09
UPC Code :
                           
                          











Additional Info
Accessories
Schematics / Parts
Whole Goods
Data Cart
Kit Components




















































Substitutes
Other Like Products


















CompanyPrivacy PolicyCompany InformationSales Center LocatorContact UsHelpSearch TipsHelp DeskBecome A Customer





Terms | Privacy Statement | 2015 Copyright (c) 2015 POOLCORP


















 Geant Corp. (Form: S-1, Received: 08/09/2016 10:35:07) 










	 







	 


	Registration No. 333-_________                 





	 



	As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on


	August 9,


	2016





	 




	 




	UNITED STATES






	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549




	 _________________________





	 




	FORM S-1








	 



	REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933





	 





	GEANT CORP.






	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)





	 









	Nevada






	(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)








	2600






	(Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number)








	38-3993849






	I.R.S. Employer


	 Identification Number









	 




	 



	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070




	Phone: +17027510467




	E-mail: office@geantcorp.com




	(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,




	Including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)





	 




	 



	BUSINESS FILINGS INCORPORATED.




	 311 S Division Street, Carson City, NV 89703




	Tel:


	608-827-5300




	 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,




	Including area code, of agent for service)





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 





	 

	 






	Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable and from time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement.




	 



	If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box.


	S





	 



	If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering.


	£





	 



	If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering.


	£





	 



	If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering.


	£





	 



	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):








	 


	 







	 






	 







	Large accelerated filer 


	£






	Accelerated filer 


	£








	Non-accelerated filer 


	£






	Smaller reporting company 


	S








	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)







	 








	     









	CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE









	Type of Each Class of Securities to be Registered








	Amount to be Registered







	(1)











	Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share







	(2)











	Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price












	Amount of Registration Fee










	Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share








	2,000,000










	$






	0.04










	$






	80,000










	$






	8.06










	TOTAL








	2,000,000










	$






	-










	$






	80,000










	$






	8.06












	 



	(1) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving our common stock, the number of shares registered shall automatically be increased to cover the additional shares of common stock issuable pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.




	(2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a) and (o) of the Securities Act.





	 



	THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE.





	 








	2









	 






	 

	 








	Prospectus





	THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.





	GEANT CORP.






	2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock






	$0.04 per share





	This is the underlying offering of common stock of Geant Corp., and no public market currently exists for the securities being offered. A public market may never develop for the securities being offered, or, if a market develops, may not be sustained.




	We are putting forth on a


	a best-effort basis


	2,000,000 shares of common stock at a cost of $0.04 per offer


	in a direct public offering


	,


	without any involvement of underwriters or broker-dealers. The offering does not require that we sell a minimum number of shares; therefore not all of the shares may be sold. The amount raised may be minimal and there is no assurance that we will be able to raise a sufficient amount to cover our expenses and may not even cover the costs of the offering.




	This Prospectus will permit our President to sell the shares directly to the public with no commission or other remuneration payable to him for any shares he may sell. Mr. Sudusinghe will sell all the shares registered herein. In offering the securities for our behalf, he will depend on the sheltered harbor from merchant enlistment set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The shares will be offered at an altered cost of $0.04 per offer for a time of one hundred and eighty (180) days from the viable date of this prospectus. The offering should end on the prior of (i) the date when the offer of every one of the 2,000,000 shares is finished, (ii) when the Board of Directors concludes that it is to the greatest advantage of the Company to end the offering earlier the fruition of the offer of each of the 2,000,000 shares enrolled under the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is part or (iii) the 181st day after the powerful date of this prospectus. The offering will not be developed past 180 days from viability.




	All acknowledged membership understandings are irreversible. Once you submit the subscription agreement and it is accepted, you may not revoke or change your subscription or request a refund of monies paid. All accepted subscriptions are irrevocable, even if you subsequently learn information about us that you consider to be materially unfavorable.





	 



	Geant Corp. currently has limited operation. Any investment in the shares offered herein involves a high degree of risk.



	You should carefully read and consider the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” on page 9 through 15 before buying any shares of Geant Corp.’s common stock



	. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion for Geant Corp., which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.




	There has been no market for our securities. Our common stock is not traded on any exchange or on the Over-the-Counter market. After the effective date of the registration statement relating to this prospectus, we hope to have a market maker file an application with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) for our common stock to become eligible for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. We do not yet have a market maker who has agreed to file such application. There is no assurance that our shares of common stock will ever be quoted on a quotation service or stock exchange, or that a trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained.  Consequently, a purchaser of our common stock may find it difficult to resell the securities offered herein should the purchaser desire to do so.





	 



	We have no plans, arrangements, commitments or understandings to engage in a merger with or acquisition of another company.





	 










	3











	 






	 

	 








	Any assets got, as a piece of this offering will be instantly stored into the Company’s financial balance. This record is under the Control of the Company and just Mr. Sudusinghe, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and President, will have the ability to approve an arrival of assets from this record. We have not made any arrangements to place funds in an escrow, trust or similar account, as Nevada law does not require that funds raised pursuant to the sale of securities be placed into an escrow account. By putting the returns of this offering in a different financial balance controlled by the Company, the returns will be promptly accessible to us for general business purposes and also to proceed with our business and operations. In the event that

	we fail to rise enough capital to start operations investors may lose their whole investment and will not be qualified for a discount.





	 



	NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.





	 






	SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED AUGUST 9, 2016






	 










	4











	 






	 

	 









	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 





	7. 

	THE

	7

	OFFERING







	9. 

	RISK FACTORS







	16. 

	USE OF PROCEEDS







	16. 

	DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE







	17. 

	DILUTION







	19. 

	PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION; TERMS OF THE OFFERING







	20. 

	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION







	24. 

	DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS







	28.  

	MANAGEMENT







	29. 

	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION







	30. 

	PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS







	31. 

	DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES







	33. 

	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS







	33.  

	EXPERTS







	33.  

	LEGAL MATTERS







	34. 

	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	 



	WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANY DEALER, SALESPERSON OR OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR REPRESENT ANYTHING NOT CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY UNAUTHORIZED INFORMATION. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR BUY ANY SHARES IN ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL. THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS CURRENT AS OF THE DATE ON THE COVER. YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS.





	 



	5











	 






	 

	 










	PROSPECTUS SUMMARY





	AS USED IN THIS PROSPECTUS, UNLESS THE CONTEXT OTHERWISE REQUIRES, “WE,” “US,” “OUR,” AND “GEANT CORP.” REFERS TO GEANT CORP. THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY DOES NOT CONTAIN ALL OF THE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE IMPORTANT TO YOU. YOU SHOULD READ THE ENTIRE PROSPECTUS BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION TO PURCHASE OUR COMMON STOCK.





	The following summary is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information and the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. Prospective investors should consider carefully the information discussed under “RISK FACTORS” and “USE OF PROCEEDS” sections, commencing on pages 9 and 1

	6

	, respectively. An investment in our securities presents substantial risks, and you could lose all or substantially all of your investment. 






	Corporate Background and Business Overview





	Our Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016 to start business operations concerned with production of paper made from elephant dung for making various stationery products and subsequent selling thereof. For these purposes we will use equipment purchased from 3B Industrial Machines Ltd. Our office is located at


	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 1207


	0. Our phone number is +17027510467.




	We have started business operations concerned with the production of paper made from elephant dung for making various stationery products made from this paper and distribution thereof primarily in Shri Lanka and neighboring countries. Geant Corp. has generated no revenues since incorporation.


	As of the day of this filing the Company has signed a sales contract with Elpaper Market Ltd.


	for the minimum purchasing capacity of $4,000 for future selling of paper,


	the goods sales agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.


	2


	to the


	Registration Statement. Our only employee is our sole director and officer, Mr. Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe and he will be devoting approximately 75% of his time to our operations.




	We require a base subsidizing of around $20,000 to direct our business throughout the following 12 months, and on the off chance that we cannot get this level of financing our director has verbally agreed to loan needed funds to us. The Company is utilizing and will continue utilize funds from our sole officer and director who has verbally agreed to get an interest-free loan as indicated by a verbal agreement finished up between Mr.Sudusinghe and Geant Corp., which is recorded as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the verbal agreement is $50,000. In case of offering under half, for instance 30%, 25%, 10% or 5% of the offered shares from this offering the Company will receive an interest-free loan from Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe.




	We are a company that has no revenues since incorporation and limited operations; we have assets as represented by a Hollander beater machine by 3B Industrial Machines Ltd., a purchased webpage (www.geantcorp.com) and have incurred losses of $433 since inception. Our financial statements for the period from February 26, 2016 (date of inception) to May 31, 2016, report no revenues. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion for Geant Corp., which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.




	We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and the exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We intend to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. For a description of the qualifications and other requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and certain elections that we have made due to our status as an emerging growth company, see “RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK - WE ARE AN `EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY’ AND WE CANNOT BE CERTAIN IF THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES WILL MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS” on page 1

	3

	and 15 of this prospectus.




	We are not a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we do have hard assets and real business operations.











	6











	 






	 

	 








	To date, the only operations we have engaged in are the purchase of a Hollander beater machine (by 3B Industria Machines Ltd.) and subsidiary raw materials in China (main raw material we purchase in India), the purchase of a webpage (www.geantcorp.com), development of a business plan and the Company started its production process.


	As of the day of this

	filing the Company has signed a sales contract with Elpaper Market Ltd.


	for the minimum purchasing capacity of $4,000 for future selling of paper. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to enhance our production capacities and expand geographically our business operations (See “Description of Business” and “Use of Proceeds”).




	Continues from this offering are required for us to continue with our business plan throughout the following twelve months. We require least subsidizing of roughly $20,000 to lead our proposed operations and pay all costs for a base time of one year incorporating costs connected with this offering and keeping up a reporting status with the SEC. On the off chance that we can not get least subsidizing of around $20,000, we plan to get an interest-free loan from Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe as indicated by a verbal agreement closed between Mr. Sudusinghe and Geant Corp., which is recorded as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the ve

	r

	bal agreement is $50,000.




	Even if we raise $20,000 from this offering or more, we may


	need more funds


	to develop growth scheme and


	to continue maintaining a reporting status.







	 



	As of the date of this prospectus,


	there is no public trading market for our common stock and no assurance that a trading market for our securities will ever develop.











	THE OFFERING






	 





	 


	 






	The Issuer:





	 





	GEANT CORP.








	The offering:






	Self-underwritten, best efforts offering with no minimum subscription requirement.








	Securities Being Offered:





	 





	2,000,000 shares of common stock








	Total Amount Of Shares Of Common Stock Outstanding After The Present Offering:





	 





	4,000,000 shares








	Price Per Share:





	 





	$0.04








	No Revocation:






	Once you submit a subscription agreement and the Company accepts it, you may not revoke or change your subscription or request a refund of monies paid. All accepted subscriptions are irrevocable, even if you subsequently learn information about us that you consider to be materially unfavorable.








	Duration of the Offering:





	 





	The shares will be offered for a time of one hundred and eighty (180) days from the successful date of this prospectus. The offering should end on the prior of (i) the date when the offer of every one of the 2,000,000 shares is finished, (ii) when the Board of Directors concludes that it is to the greatest advantage of the Company to end the offering earlier the culmination of the offer of each of the 2,000,000 shares enrolled under the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is part or (iii) the 181st day after the compelling date of this prospectus. The Company will convey stock testaments owing to shares of common stock acquired straightforwardly to the buyers inside thirty days (30) of the end of the advertising.








	Gross Proceeds if 100% of the Shares Are Sold 






	$80,000








	Gross Proceeds if 75% of the Shares Are Sold






	$60,000








	Gross Proceeds if 50% of the Shares Are Sold




	Gross Proceeds if 25% of the Shares Are Sold




	Gross Proceeds if 10% of the Shares Are Sold





	 





	$40,000




	$20,000




	$8,000




	Further more, if the Company does not sell any shares from this offering, it will not receive gross proceeds accordingly.





	 







	Securities Issued and Outstanding:






	There are 2,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus, held exclusively by our sole officer and executive Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe.








	Registration Costs






	We estimate our total offering registration costs to be approximately $7,000.








	Risk Factors






	See “Risk Factors” and other information in this prospectus for a discussion of the factors you should consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock.








	Address:






	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070








	Telephone Number:






	+17027510467
















	7











	 






	 

	 







	Selected financial data





	 



	The summarized financial data presented below is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited financial statements and related notes from February 26, 2016 (date of inception) to May 31, 2016, included on Pages F-1-F-9 in this prospectus.





	 










	 






	 






	As of May 31, 2016 (Audited)





	 




	 







	Balance Sheet



	 







	 






	 



	 






	Total Assets 






	$ 






	4,947




	 






	Total Liabilities 






	$ 






	3,380




	 






	Stockholders’ Equity






	$ 






	1,567




	 







	 






	 






	Period from February 26, 2016 (date of inception) to May 31, 2016





	 







	Income Statement



	 







	 






	 



	 






	Gross profit






	$ 






	-




	 






	Total Expenses 






	$ 






	433




	 






	Net Loss 






	$ 






	(433

	)








	 









	 




	Emerging Growth Company





	We are an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act.




	We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of:




	·


	        


	The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more;




	·


	        


	The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under this title;




	·


	        


	The date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or




	·


	        


	The date on which such issuer is deemed to be a `large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.




	As an emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures.




	Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting.




	As an emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 14A and B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.




	We have irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act.









	8









	 






	 

	 








	Smaller Reporting Company






	Implications of being an emerging growth company - the JOBS Act





	We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include:




	·


	        


	A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related MD&A;




	·


	        


	Exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company’s internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;




	·


	        


	Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company’s executive compensation arrangements; and




	·


	        


	No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.




	We may take advantage of the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies even if we no longer qualify as an “emerging growth company.”




	In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act.




	We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period.





	 






	CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS






	 



	The data contained in this prospectus, including the documents consolidated by reference into this prospectus, incorporates a few proclamations that are not simply verifiable or do not identify with present actualities or conditions which might be considered as forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements incorporate, yet are not restricted to, proclamations with respect to our Company and administration’s desires, trusts, convictions, aims or techniques in regards to the future, including our budgetary standing, consequences of operations, and the normal effect of the offering on the gatherings’ individual and consolidated money related execution. Moreover, any announcements that allude to projections, conjectures or different portrayals of future occasions or circumstances, including any hidden suspicions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believes,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plans,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” “would” and comparative expressions, or the negatives of such terms, may recognize forward-looking statements, yet the nonappearance of these words does not imply that an announcement is not forward-looking.





	 



	The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus depend on current desires and convictions concerning future improvements and the potential impacts on the gatherings and the exchange. There can be no confirmation that future advancements really influencing us will be those foreseen. These forward-looking statements include various dangers, vulnerabilities (some of which are past the gatherings’ control) or different suspicions that may bring about genuine results or execution to be tangibly unique in relation to those communicated or inferred by these forward-looking statements.






	 








	RISK FACTORS







	An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business performance and financial standing could be seriously harmed. The trading price of our common stock, when and if we trade at a later date, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.







	 










	9











	 






	 

	 








	Risks Relating to our Business






	 




	We have limited operating history and have maintained losses since inception, which we expect to continue into the future.






	 



	We were incorporated on February 26, 2016 and have limited operations. We have generated no revenues. Our net loss from inception to May 31, 2016 is $433.


	 


	Based upon our proposed plans, we expect to incur significant operating losses in future periods. This will happen because there are substantial costs and expenses associated with the development, marketing and distribution of our product. We may fail to generate revenues in the future. If we cannot attract a significant number of customers, we will not be able to generate any significant revenues or income. Failure to generate revenues will cause us to obtain funding under the verbal agreement concluded with Mr. Sudusinghe


	,


	which is filed as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the verbal agreement is $50,000.





	 



	In particular, additional capital may be required in the case if:




	-


	        


	The actual expenditures required to be made are at or above the higher range of our estimated expenditures;




	-


	        


	We incur unexpected costs in completing the development of our business or encounter any unexpected difficulties;




	-


	        


	We incur delays and additional expenses related to the production of our product or a commercial market for our product; or




	-


	        


	We are unable to create a substantial market for our product; or we incur any significant unanticipated expenses.





	 



	The case of any of the previously stated occasions could substantially unfavorably influence our capacity to meet our strategies for success and accomplish a beneficial level of operations.







	 




	Some of the existing companies that engage in application of dung products and sales thereof have a greater more established outlet than us.








	 



	There are couple of hindrances of passage in the assembling and offer of keepsakes from dung, endowments and other handcrafted items, one of them being rivalry,


	which is not extremely high, but still substantial


	. There are a few companies offering the same sort of items. Among these one should mention the Poopoopaper (poopoopaper.com)


	, ecoMaximus (ecomaximus.com) 


	and Haathi Chaap (

	elephantpoopaper.com)



	. We will be in direct


	competition


	with them. Since they have some years of experience


	these companies have greater financial capabilities than us and will be able to provide more favorable services to the potential customers. Many of these companies may have a greater, more established customer base than us. 





	 




	We have no revenues and our ability to sustain our operations is dependent on our ability to rise financing. Our independent registered public accountant has expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.






	 



	We have incurred net losses of $433 for the period from our inception on February 26, 2016 to May 31, 2016, and have no revenues. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations in the production and distribution of our products. Further, the finances required to fully develop our plan cannot be predicted with any certainty and may exceed any estimates we set forth. We do, however, anticipate that we will require approximately $20,000 over the next 12 months in order to continue operations. These factors raise doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Auditor George Stewart, CPA our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report. This opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds by issuing new debt or equity securities or otherwise. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed, we plan to receive an interest-free loan from Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe; otherwise we will not be able to complete our business plan. You should consider our independent registered public accountant’s report when determining if an investment in Geant Corp. is suitable.





	 



	We require minimum funding of approximately $20,000 to conduct our proposed operations for a period of one year. If we are not able to raise this amount, we will obtain funding under the verbal agreement concluded with Mr. Sudusinghe


	,


	which is filed as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the verbal agreement is $50,000.





	 



	10








	 

	 








	Because we are small and do not have much capital, our marketing campaign may not be enough to attract sufficient number of customers to operate profitably. If we do not make a profit, we will suspend or cease operations.





	Due to the fact we are small and do not have much capital, we must limit our marketing activities and may not be able to make our services known to potential customers. Because we will be limiting our marketing activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to operate profitably. If we cannot operate profitably, we may have to suspend or cease operations.





	The effect of the recent economic crisis may impact our business performance or financial standing.






	 



	The recent global crisis has caused disruption and extreme volatility in global financial markets and increased rates of default and bankruptcy, and has impacted levels of consumer spending. One of the core markets for our products is the tourist. Hence success of our business depends greatly on how these macroeconomic developments may affect the tourism industry. A slow or uneven pace of economic recovery would negatively affect our ability to start our production and distribution business and obtain financing.





	 



	Further, main raw materials for our products are currently procured from Indian Elephant Orphanage and, there should not be an interruption in the supply of raw materials, so we can product our product without any delay.





	 




	By any force major сircumstances the number of tourists who come to Shri Lanka will decrease.








	 



	There could be some natural disaster or any other forse major circumstances that can affect on tourism industry. Due to the fact we depend on the number of coming tourists this factor may affect on the number of our sales. A slowdown of number of coming tourists would negatively affect on our business.







	 




	If elephants got sick or they could endanger on the health of tourists, all these would affect on our business.








	 



	Elephants can get sick and because of that their dung (our raw material) сould be unfit for the production. Furthermore elephants can be carriers of disease that can have bad influence on the health of people. This can affect on the number of coming tourists therefore on the number of sales.





	 




	We operate in a competitive environment, and if we are unable to compete with our competitors, our business, financial standing, cash flows and prospects could be materially affected.






	 



	We operate in a competitive environment.


	Our competition includes several midsized companies with similar products who manufacture and distribute at competitive prices


	(PooPooPaper, ecoMaximus, Haathi Chaap).


	This competitive environment could materially adversely affect our business, financial standing, cash flows and prospects.





	 




	Because we will order our secondary materials for production from overseas, a disruption in the delivery of imported products may have a greater effect on us than on our competitors.






	 



	We will import main raw materials from India and subsidiary raw materials from China. Therefore we believe that disruptions in shipping deliveries may have a greater effect on us than on competitors who product and/or warehouse products in Shri Lanka. Deliveries of our subsidiary raw materials may be disrupted through factors such as:





	 



	- Raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes and political unrest;




	- Fuel price increases;




	- Problems with ocean shipping, including work stoppages and shipping;




	- Container shortages;




	- Increased inspections of import shipments or other factors causing delays in shipments; and




	- Economic crises, international disputes and wars.





	 



	Some of our competitors warehouse products they import from overseas, which allow them to continue delivering their products for the near term, despite overseas shipping disruptions. If our competitors are able to deliver products when we cannot, our reputation may be damaged and we may lose customers to our competitors.





	 




	Price competition could negatively affect our gross margins.












	11











	 






	 

	 










	 



	Price competition could negatively affect our operating results.




	To respond to competitive pricing pressures


	,


	we will have to offer our products at lower prices in order to retain or gain market share and customers. If our competitors offer discounts on products in the future, we will need to lower prices to match the competition, which could adversely affect our gross margins and operating results.





	 




	Because our sole officer and director owns 100% of the Company’s shares and will own 50% or more of our outstanding common stock upon completing this offering, he will make and control corporate decisions that may be disadvantageous to minority shareholders.








	 



	As of the date of this prospectus, Mr. Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, owns 100% of the Company’s shares and will own 50% of our common stock if all of the shares registered as part of this offering are sold. As a result, he will have significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in control. The interests of Mr. Sudusinghe may differ from the interests of the other stockholders and may result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to other shareholders.





	 




	If Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our current sole officer and director, should resign or die, we will not have a chief executive officer, which could result in the cessation of our operation. If that should happen, you could lose your investment.






	 



	We extremely depend on the services of our sole officer and director, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, for the future success of our business. The loss of the services of Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe could have an adverse effect on our business performance and financial standing. If he should resign or die, we will not have a chief executive officer. If that should occur, until we find another person to act as our chief executive officer, our operations could be suspended. In that case it is possible you could lose your entire investment.





	 




	Because our principal assets are located outside of the United States and Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole director and officer, resides outside of the United States, it may be difficult for an investor to enforce any right based on U.S. federal securities laws against us and/or Mr. Sudusinghe, or to enforce a judgment rendered by a United States court against us or Mr. Sudusinghe.








	 



	Our principal operations and assets are located outside of the United States, and Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, is a non-resident of the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult to effect service of process on Mr. Sudusinghe in the United States, and it may be difficult to enforce any judgment rendered against Mr. Sudusinghe.  Accordinly, it may be difficult or impossible for an investor to bring an action against Mr. Sudusinghe, in the case that an investor believes that such investor’s rights have been infringed under the U.S. securities laws, or otherwise. Even if an investor is successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of Shri Lanka may render that investor as unable to enforce a judgment against the assets of Mr. Sudusinghe. As a result, our shareholders may have more difficulties in protecting their interests through actions against our management, director or major shareholder, compared to shareholders of a corporation doing business and whose officers and directors reside within the United States.





	 



	Further, since our assets are located outside the United States, they will be outside of the jurisdiction of United States courts to administer, if we become subject of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. Accordin

	g

	ly, if we declare bankruptcy or insolvency, our shareholders may not receive the distributions on liquidation that they would otherwise be entitled to if our assets were to be located within the United States under United States bankruptcy laws.





	 




	Because we do not have an escrow or trust account for your subscription, if we file for bankruptcy protection or are forced into bankruptcy, or a creditor obtain a judgment against us and attaches the subscription, you will lose your investment.






	 










	12











	 






	 

	 








	Your funds will not be placed in an escrow, trust or similar account, as Nevada law does not require that funds raised pursuant to the sale of securities be placed into an escrow account.  As a result, if we file for bankruptcy protection or creditors against us file a petition for involuntary bankruptcy, your funds will become a part of the bankruptcy estate and administered according to

	the bankruptcy laws. If creditor sues us and obtains a judgment against us, the creditor could garnish the bank account and take possession of the subscriptions. If that happens, you will lose your investment and your funds will be used to pay creditors.





	 




	You may not renounce your membership understanding once it is acknowledged by the Company or get a discount of any assets progressed regarding your acknowledged membership ascension and therefore, you may lose all or a portion of your interest in our common stock.








	 



	Once your subscription agreement is accepted by the Company, you may not revoke the agreement or request a refund of any monies paid in connection with the subscription agreement, even if you subsequently learn information about the Company that you consider to be materially unfavorable.  The Company reserves the right to begin using the proceeds from this offering as soon as the funds have been received and will retain broad discretion in the allocation of the net proceeds of this offering.  The precise amounts and timing of the Company’s use of the net proceeds will depend upon market conditions and the availability of other funds, among other factors. There can be no assurance that the Company will receive sufficient funds to execute the Company’s business strategy and accomplish the Company’s objectives.  Additionally, you may be unable to sell your shares of our common stock at a price equal to or greater than the subscription price you paid for such shares, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock.





	 




	Risks Associated with our Common Stock






	 




	We arbitrarily determined the price of the shares of our common stock to be sold pursuant to this prospectus, and such price does not reflect the actual market price for the securities. Consequently, there is an increased risk that you may not be able to re-sell our common stock at the price you bought it for.






	 



	We determined the initial offering price of $0.04 per share of the common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus arbitrarily. The price is not based on our financial condition or prospects, on the market prices of securities of comparable publicly traded companies, on financial and operating information of companies engaged in similar activities to ours, or on general conditions of the securities market. The price may not be indicative of the market price, if any, for our common stock in the trading market after this Offering.  If the market price for our stock drops below the price, which you paid, you may not be able to re-sell our common stock at the price you bought it for.





	 



	Our common stock may never be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. To be quoted on the OTCBB a market maker must file an application on our behalf to make a market for our common stock. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have not engaged a market maker to file such an application, and there is no guarantee that a market marker will file an application on our behalf, and that even if an application is filed, there is no guarantee that we will be accepted for quotation. Our stock may become quoted, rather than traded, on the OTCBB. When/if our shares of common stock commence trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, the trading price will fluctuate significantly and stockholders may have difficulty reselling their shares.





	 



	As of the date of this Registration Statement, our common stock does not yet trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. Our common stock may never be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board.  When/if our shares of common stock begin trading on the Bulletin Board, there is a inconstancy associated with Bulletin Board securities in general and the value of your investment could decline due to the impact of any of the following factors upon the market price of our common stock: (i) disappointing results from our development efforts; (ii) failure to meet our revenue or profit goals or operating budget; (iii) decline in demand for our common stock; (iv) downward revisions in securities analysts’ estimates or changes in general market conditions; (v) technological innovations by competitors or in competing technologies; (vi) lack of funding generated for operations; (vii) investor perception of our industry or our prospects; and (viii) general economic trends.





	 



	Further more, stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations and the market prices of securities have been highly volatile. These fluctuations are often unrelated to operating performance and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares at a fair price and you may lose all or part of your investment.





	 




	Our shares of common stock are subject to the “penny stock” rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the trading market in our securities will be limited, which will make transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.






	 










	13











	 






	 

	 







	The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks”. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise discharged from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which specifies information about penny stocks and the nature and significance of risks of the penny stock market. A broker-dealer must also provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer, and sales person in the transaction, and monthly account statements indicating the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for stock that becomes subject to those penny stock rules. If a trading market for our common stock develops, our common stock will probably become subject to the penny stock rules, and shareholders may have difficulties in selling their shares.





	 



	There is no current trading market for our securities and if a trading market does not develop, purchasers of our securities may have difficulties selling their shares.





	 



	There is currently no established public trading market for our securities and an active trading market in our securities may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. We intend to have a market maker apply for admission to quotation of our securities on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board after the SEC declares the Registration Statement relating to this prospectus effective. We do not yet have a market maker who has agreed to file such application. If for any reason our common stock is not quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or a public trading market does not otherwise develop, purchasers of the shares may have difficulty selling their common stock should they desire to do so. No market makers have committed to becoming market makers for our common stock and none may do so.





	 




	We may in the future issue additional shares of common stock, which will dilute share value of investors in the offering.






	 



	Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 2,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by investors in the offering, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock.





	 




	We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs will negatively affect our ability to earn a profit.





	Following the effective date of the registration statement in which this prospectus is included, we will be required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations thereunder. In order to comply with such requirements, our independent registered auditors will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. Although we believe that the approximately $10,000 we have estimated for these costs should be sufficient for the 12 month period following the completion of our offering, the costs charged by these professionals for such services may vary significantly. Factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot accurately be determined at this time and may have a major negative affect on the cost and amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit.




	However, for as long as we remain an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.


	We intend to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that you become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period.











	14











	 






	 

	 







	After, and if ever, we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” we expect to incur significant additional expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with those requirements applicable to companies that are not “emerging growth companies,” including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.




	We are not a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we do have hard assets and real business operations.





	 




	We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.





	We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.





	 



	Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, “emerging growth companies” can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves to this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies.”





	 



	We are not a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we do have hard assets and real business operations.





	 






	MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK






	 




	Market Information






	 



	There is no established public market for our common stock.





	 



	After the effective date of the Registration Statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we intend to try to identify a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or FINRA, to have our common stock quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. We will have to satisfy certain criteria in order for our application to be accepted. We do not currently have a market maker that is willing to participate in this application process, and even if we identify a market maker, there can be no assurance as to whether we will meet the requisite criteria or that our application will be accepted. Our common stock may never be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or, even if quoted, a liquid or viable market may not materialize. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop, or, if developed, that it will be sustained.





	 



	We have issued 2,000,000 shares of our common stock since our inception on February 26, 2016. There are no outstanding options or warrants or securities that are convertible into shares of common stock.





	 




	Holders





	                                                  




	We have 1 holder of record of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus.





	 










	15











	 






	 

	 








	Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans






	 



	We have not established any compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance.









	USE OF PROCEEDS






	 



	Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share is $0.04. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100% respectively of the securities offered for sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $80,000 as anticipated.





	 












	 








	25% of offering the ($20,000)














	50% of offering the






	($40,000)














	75% of offering the






	($60,000)














	100% of offering the






	($80,000)











	Gross proceeds






	$






	20,000










	$






	40,000










	$






	60,000










	$






	80,000










	Registration Costs






	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	Net proceeds






	$






	13,000










	$






	33,000










	$






	53,000










	$






	73,000













	 




	The net proceeds will be used as follows










	Legal and Professional fees







	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000











	Hollander beater machine









	-










	$






	6,000










	$






	10,500










	$






	15,000











	Additional equipment materials







	$






	600










	$






	2,300










	$






	3,900










	$






	5700











	Operating supply







	$






	200










	$






	1,000










	$






	2,500










	$






	5,000











	Raw materials







	$






	4,800










	$






	10,500










	$






	18,800










	$






	20,600











	Website development









	-










	$






	400










	$






	800










	$






	1,500











	Office set-up









	-










	$






	2,400










	$






	3,800










	$






	6,200











	Marketing campaign







	$






	300










	$






	1,000










	$






	1,500










	$






	3,000











	Hire workers









	-










	$






	2,400










	$






	4,200










	$






	9,000












	 



	The above figures describe only exemplary costs. All receipts will be deposited into our corporate financial balance. If we rise less than 25% of the offering proceeds the only expected source of funds to commence planned business activities is a loan from our director. Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, has agreed to loan the company funds to complete the registration process and to maintain a reporting status with the SEC. No proceeds from this offering will be used to repay Mr. Sudusinghe for any funds advanced for the purpose of completing the registration process. We will require a minimum funding of approximately $20,000 to conduct our proposed operations for a minimum period of one year including costs associated with this offering and maintaining a reporting status with the SEC.





	 






	                                                                          DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE








	 



	We have determined the offering price of the shares arbitrarily. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings, or other established criteria for valuing a privately held company. In determining the number of shares to be offered and the offering price, we took into consideration our cash on hand and the amount of money we would need to implement our business plan. Accordingly, the offering price should not be considered an indication of the actual value of the securities.









	16









	 






	 

	 








	 



	Among the factors considered were:




	·


	        


	Our lack of operating history;




	·


	        


	The proceeds to be raised by the offering;




	·


	        


	The amount of capital to be contributed by purchasers in this offering in proportion to the amount of stock to be retained by our existing Stockholders, and




	·


	        


	Our relative cash requirements.







	                                                                                                        DILUTION






	 





	The price of the current offering is fixed at $0.04 per share. This price is significantly higher than the price paid by the Company’s sole officer and director,


	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe


	, for common equity since the Company’s inception on February 2, 2016. Mr.


	Sudusinghe


	paid $.001 per share for the 2,000,000 shares of common stock he purchased from the Company.





	 



	Dilution represents the difference between the offering price and the net tangible book value per share immediately after completion of this offering. Net tangible book value is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities and intangible assets from total assets. Dilution arises mainly as a result of our arbitrary determination of the offering price of shares being offered. Dilution of the value of the shares you purchase is also a result of the lower book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders. The following tables compare the differences of your investment in our shares with the investment of our existing stockholders.





	 



	As of May 31, 2016, the net tangible book value was $1,567 or $0.001 and the net tangible book value per share was $0.001 based upon 2,000,000 shares outstanding.





	 




	If 100% of shares are sold:





	Upon completion of this offering, in the event all of the shares are sold, the net tangible book value of the 4,000,000 shares to be outstanding will be $74,567




	or approximately $0.0186 per share. The net tangible book value per share prior to the offering is $0.001. The net tangible book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders will be increased by $0.0176 per share without any additional investment on their part. Investors in the offering will incur an immediate dilution from $0.04 per share to $0.086 per share.




	After completion of this offering, if 2,000,000 shares are sold, investors in the offering will own 50.00% of the total number of shares then outstanding for which they will have made cash investment of $80,000, or $0.04 per share. Our existing stockholders will own 50.00% of the total number of shares then outstanding, for which they have made contributions of cash totaling $2,000 or $0.001 per share.





	 




	If 75% of shares are sold:






	 



	Upon completion of this offering, in the event 1,500,000 shares are sold, the net tangible book value of the 3,500,000 shares to be outstanding will be $54,567 or approximately $0.0156 per share. The net tangible book value per share prior to the offering is $0.001. The net tangible book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders will be increased by $0.0146 per share without any additional investment on their part. Investors in the offering will incur an immediate dilution per share from $0.04 per share to $0.0156 per share.





	 



	After completion of this offering investors in the offering will own 42.86% of the total number of shares then outstanding for which they will have made cash investment of $60,000, or $0.04 per share. Our existing stockholders will own 57.14% of the total number of shares then outstanding, for which they have made contributions of cash totaling $2,000 or $0.001 per share.







	 




	 










	17











	 






	 

	 











	If 50% of shares are sold:





	 



	Upon completion of this offering, in the event 1,000,000 shares are sold, the net tangible book value of the 3,000,000 shares to be outstanding will be $34,567 or approximately $0.0115 per share. The net tangible book value per share prior to the offering is $0.001. The net tangible book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders will be increased by $0.0105 per share without any additional investment on their part. Investors in the offering will incur an immediate dilution per share from $0.04 per share to $0.0115 per share.




	After completion of this offering investors in the offering will own 33.33% of the total number of shares then outstanding for which they will have made cash investment of $40,000, or $0.04 per share. Our existing stockholders will own 66.67% of the total number of shares then outstanding, for which they have made contributions of cash totaling $2,000 or $0.001 per share.





	 



	The following table compares the differences of your investment in our shares with the investment of our existing stockholders.









	Existing Stockholders if all of the Shares are Sold:











	Price per share 






	$






	0.001










	Net tangible book value per share before offering






	$






	0.001










	Potential gain to existing shareholders 






	$






	80,000










	Net tangible book value per share after offering 






	$






	0.0186










	Increase to present stockholders in net tangible book value per share after offering






	$






	0.0176










	Number of shares outstanding before the offering 








	2,000,000










	Number of shares after offering assuming the sale of the maximum number of shares








	4,000,000










	Percentage of ownership after offering 








	50








	%











	Purchasers of Shares in this Offering if all Shares Sold



	 








	Price per share 






	$






	0.04










	 Dilution per share 






	$






	0.0214










	Capital contributions 






	$






	80,000










	Number of shares after offering held by public investors 








	2,000,000










	Percentage of capital contributions by existing shareholders 








	2.44






	%








	Percentage of capital contributions by new investors 








	97.56






	%








	Percentage of ownership after offering 








	50






	%









	Purchasers of Shares in this Offering if 75% of Shares Sold



	 








	Price per share 






	$






	0.04










	Dilution per share 






	$






	0.0244










	Capital contributions 






	$






	60,000










	Number of shares after offering held by public investors 








	1,500,000










	Percentage of capital contributions by existing shareholders 








	3.23






	%








	Percentage of capital contributions by new investors 








	96.77






	%








	Percentage of ownership after offering 








	42.86






	%









	Purchasers of Shares in this Offering if 50% of Shares Sold









	Price per share 






	$






	0.04










	Dilution per share 






	$






	0.0285










	Capital contributions 






	$






	40,000










	Number of shares after offering held by public investors 








	1,000,000










	Percentage of capital contributions by existing shareholders 








	4.76






	%








	Percentage of capital contributions by new investors 








	95.24






	%








	Percentage of ownership after offering 








	33.33






	%














	18









	 






	 

	 








	 




	 






	PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION; TERMS OF THE OFFERING





	Geant Corp. has 2,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus.  The Company is registering an additional 2,000,000 shares of its common stock for sale at the price of $0.04 per share. There is no arrangement to address the possible effect of the offering on the price of the stock.





	 



	In connection with the Company’s selling efforts in the offering, Mr. Sudusinghe will not register as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act, but rather will rely upon the “safe harbor” provisions of SEC Rule 3a4-1, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Rule 3a4-1 provides an exemption from the broker-dealer registration requirements of the Exchange Act for persons associated with an issuer that participate in an offering of the issuer’s securities. Mr. Sudusinghe is not subject to any statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a) (39) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Sudusinghe will not be compensated in connection with his participation in the offering by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based directly or indirectly on transactions in our securities. Mr. Sudusinghe is not, nor has been within the past 12 months, a broker or dealer, and he is not, nor has been within the past 12 months, an associated person of a broker or dealer. At the end of the offering, Mr. Sudusinghe will continue to perform substantial duties for the Company or on its behalf otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities. Mr. Sudusinghe will not and has not participated in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months.  





	 



	Geant Corp. will receive all proceeds from the sale of the 2,000,000 shares being offered. The price per share is fixed at $0.04 for the duration of this offering.  Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange or quoted over-the-counter, we intend to seek to have our shares of common stock quoted on the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board. To be quoted on the OTCBB a market maker must file an application on our behalf to make a market for our common stock. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have not engaged a market maker to file such an application, there is no guarantee that a market marker will file an application on our behalf, and even if an application is filed; there is no guarantee that we will be accepted for quotation. Our stock may become quoted, rather than traded, on the OTCBB.





	 



	The Company’s shares may be sold to purchasers from time to time directly by and subject to the discretion of the Company. Further, the Company will not offer its shares for sale through underwriters, dealers, agents or anyone who may receive compensation in the form of underwriting discounts, concessions or commissions from the Company and/or the purchasers of the shares for whom they may act as agents. The shares of common stock sold by the Company may be occasionally sold in one or more transactions; all shares sold under this prospectus will be sold at a fixed price of $0.04 per share.





	 



	In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities will be offered or sold in those states only if they have been registered or qualified for sale; an exemption from such registration or if a qualification requirement is available and with which Geant Corp. has complied.





	 



	In addition and without limiting the foregoing, the Company will be subject to applicable provisions, rules and regulations under the Exchange Act with regard to security transactions during the period of time when this Registration Statement is effective.





	 





	Our shares of common stock are subject to the “penny stock” rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.







	 



	The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks”. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which specifies information about penny stocks and the nature and significance of risks of the penny stock market. A broker-dealer must also provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer, and sales person in the transaction, and monthly account statements indicating the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the


	effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for stock that becomes subject to those penny stock rules. If a trading market for our common stock develops, our common stock will probably become subject to the penny stock rules, and shareholders may have difficulty in selling their shares.











	19











	 






	 

	 







	Geant Corp. will pay all expenses incidental to the registration of the shares (including registration pursuant to the securities laws of certain states), which we expect to be $7,000.





	 




	Offering Period and Expiration Date





	This offering will start on the date that this Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC and continue for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days. The offering shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the date when the sale of all 2,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) when the Board of Directors decides that it is in the best interest of the Company to terminate the offering prior to the completion of the sale of all 2,000,000 shares registered under the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is part or (iii) the 181st day after the effective date of this prospectus. We will not accept any money until the SEC declares this Registration Statement effective.





	Procedures for Subscribing





	If you decide to subscribe for any shares in this offering, you must




	·


	        


	Execute and deliver a subscription agreement; and




	·


	        


	Deliver a check or certified funds to us for acceptance or rejection.




	All checks for subscriptions must be made payable to “Geant Corp.” The Company will deliver stock certificates attributable to shares of common stock purchased directly to the purchasers within thirty days (30) of the close of the offering. 





	 



	All accepted subscription agreements are irrevocable.  Once you submit the subscription agreement and it is accepted, you may not revoke or change your subscription or request a refund of monies paid.  All accepted subscriptions are irrevocable, even if you subsequently learn information about us that you consider to be materially unfavorable.





	 




	Right to Reject Subscriptions






	 



	We have the right to accept or reject subscriptions in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason. We will return all monies from rejected subscriptions immediately to the subscriber, without interest or deductions. Subscriptions for securities will be accepted or rejected within 48 hours after we receive them. 





	 








	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION





	This section of the prospectus includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like: believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this prospectus. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions.





	 



	We have only recently started our operations. Since incorporation we have generated no incomes from our business operations. Our current cash balance will not be sufficient to fund our operations for the next 12 months and to qualify our minimum cash requirements necessary to fund 12 months of operations, if we are unable to successfully raise money in this offering. We have been utilizing and may utilize funds from Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, who has concluded a verbal agreement with Geant Corp., which is recorded as Exhibit 10.1, to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, professional fees, including fees payable in connection with the filing of this registration statement and operation expenses. The amount of the ve

	r

	bal agreement is $50,000. From the period of inception (February 26, 2016) to May 31, 2016 Mr. Sudusinghe advanced to the Company $3,100 pursuant to the verbal agreement.





	 



	Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have generated no revenues. Our only sources for cash at this time are selling our




	dung paper products to the customers,


	proceeds from this offering or funds obtained under a verbal agreement concluded between Mr. Sudusinghe and Geant Corp., which is recorded as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the verbal agreement is $50,000.











	20











	 






	 

	 







	We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016. We have never declared bankruptcy, have never been in receivership, and have never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since incorporation, we have purchased Hollander beater machine ($1,185), stainless steel drum ($200), plastic barrel drums ($300) and $830 worth of subsidiary raw materials, totaling to $2,915 (transportation and VAT incl.), and a webpage (www.geantcorp.com). From February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016, we have incurred accumulated net losses of $433. As of May 31, 2016, we had total assets of $4,947, and total liabilities of $3,380, respectively. Our business office is located at:


	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070


	. To meet our needs for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering and sell our dung paper products. If we are unable to successfully find additional customers who will buy our paper products from us, we may quickly use up the proceeds from Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, who has concluded a verbal agreement with Geant Corp.,




	which is filed as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the ve

	r

	bal agreement is $50,000.





	 



	Our business is the production of paper made from elephant dung for making different stationery products and distribution thereof. We are able to product dung paper for making stationery products and tourist souvenirs. We have no revenues since incorporation and our principal business activities to date also consist of creating a business plan, developing our prospective webpage (costing between $400 - $1,500), and purchasing a Hollander beater machine ($1,185) and subsidiary raw materials ($830), totaling to $2,915 (transportation and VAT incl.) from a Chinese company, 3B Industrial Machines Ltd.



	 



	We are planning to purchase our main raw material (elephant dung) from Indian Elephant Orphanage situated in Pinnawala, Sri Lanka. Elephants, which live there, will provide us with main necessary raw materials. We are planning to buy raw materials in price $600 per tonne. We think this volume of raw materials will be enough for the first several months when we will fix up our production. The process of the paper production is simple.


	All paper is made from a pulp mixture derived from fiber materials. The most common papers today come from wood fiber pulp from cut trees, in accordance to this fact we choose elephant dung. Firstly elephant dung fiber is collected from the


	Indian Elephant


	Orphanage. Cleaning and boiling are important stages in the dung papermaking process. All non-fiber materials are removed as much as possible at this point so that all that remains are actual fiber materials. The fibers are then


	“


	boiled to a pulp


	”




	for 4-6 hours. The boiling process occurs at 90-100 degrees Celsius in order to ensure that the protein based cells of any bacteria are destroyed by extreme heating. Our cleaning and boiling processes use no chemicals or other cleansing agents we use only water.


	The boiled pulp is then put through pulp beaters. Colors or dyes are added when the pulp is beaten in the beater. Then the pulp is mixed with water, and lifted up on flat sieves. Then paper must dry so it is poured into special molds to dry into reams of paper. After a couple of days the product is almost ready. Once the paper has been dried, it is either smoothened by stones to make it smooth and usable. In the end of our process we receive dung paper.




	If we will sell 25% of shares from this offering we plan to focus our efforts on the production of the paper. In this case we do not plan to spend monies for the development of our website, to set up our office or to hire additional workers to help our sole officer and director Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe with the operation of Hollander beater machines. As of the day of this filing Geant Corp. has purchased a Hollander beater machine and subsidiary raw materials from Chinese vendor under the purchase agreement filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Registration Statement. We do not plan to buy an additional Hollander beater machine, if we sell only 25% of shares from this offering.




	Depending on the amount of investments raised as a result of this offering we plan to purchase additionally four, seven or ten Hollander beater machines with sufficient operating supplies for them. Upon completion of our public offering and depending on the amount of investments raised, our specific goal is profitably to sell paper dung products in Shri Lanka. Our plan of operations is as follows:







	Completion of our public offering







	We expect to complete our public offering within 180 days after the effectiveness of our Registration Statement by the Securities and Exchange Commissions. We intend to concentrate our efforts on raising capital during this period. Our operations will be limited due to the limited amount of funds and operating equipment on hand. In the twelve months, following completion of our public offering we plan to do the following activities to expand our business operations:











	21











	 






	 

	 










	Set up Office










	Time Frame: 1

	st

	-2

	th

	month












	 



	The office (our director’s property) is currently set up with first needed




	supplies and furniture, which Mr. Sudusinghe presented for the Company at no charge. Once we expand our operations and attract additional funds we will set up the office with modern necessary equipment. Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director will handle our administrative duties. If we sell 25% of offered shares from this offering we will not rent another office for our Company during the first year. If we sell 50% of shares or more we will rent another office for our production process. We believe that it will cost between $2,400 and $6,200 to rent and set up a new office and obtain the necessary office equipment.





	 






	Develop Our Website










	Time Frame: 2

	rd

	-5

	th

	months








	 



	At the point when our office is set up, we expect to start building up our site. The Company already has a webpage


	www.geantcorp.com


	filed with basic information. We do not have any composed concurrences with any web creators at the present time. We will not develop our website if we sell only 25% of shares from this offering. If we sell 50% of shares from this offering or more we will hire a web designer to help us design and develop it. We believe that it will cost between $400 and $1,500 for our webpage to be operational, depending on the amount of investments raised. We believe it will take up to 120 days to build up our site. There will be more information about our items and accessible paper plans, online orders feachers.  Overhauling and enhancing our site will proceed all through the lifetime of our operations.





	 






	Negotiate agreements with potential wholesale customers










	Time Frame: 4

	th

	-12

	th

	months








	 



	On our naext step of development we will contact and begin arrangement with our potential clients. We will arrange terms and states of joint effort. Toward the starting, we plan to concentrate fundamentally on wholesale clients that make different sorts of stationery products and visitor gifts. At that point, as a last phase of business sector development, we plan to grow our objective business sector to corporate customers. Despite the fact that the transaction with potential wholesale clients will be progressing amid the life of our operations, we cannot promise that we will have the capacity to discover fruitful understandings, in which case our business might be harmed.





	 






	Commence Marketing Campaign










	Time Frame: 6

	th

	-12

	th

	months








	 



	In the meantime as we begin the transaction procedure with potential clients and our site is operational, or on the phase of creating, we will start to showcase our item. We plan to utilize promoting methodologies, for example, web commercials, direct mailing and telephone calls to secure potential clients. We trust that we ought to start to get results from our promoting effort inside 120 days from its introduction. We likewise will utilize Internet advancement apparatuses on Facebook and Twitter to publicize our items and company. Depending on the amount of investments rose as a result of this offering we plan to spend from $300 to $3,000 on showcasing endeavors amid the primary year. Advertising is a progressing matter that will keep amid the life of our operations.





	 



	Regardless of the possibility that we can get an adequate number of administration understandings toward the end of the twelve-month time frame, there is no assurance that we will have the capacity to draw in and all the more essentially hold enough clients to legitimize our consumptions. On the off chance that we can not create a lot of income and to effectively secure ourselves against those dangers, then it would substantially influence our monetary condition and our business could be adversely influenced as well.





	 






	Hire Workers










	Time Frame: 8

	th

	-12

	th

	months








	 



	If we sell 25% of shares in this offering we do not plan to hire any workers, Suneetha Sudusinghe, our directore and sole officer, will operate the production by himself. If we sell at least 50% of the shares in this offering, we intend to hire four assistants, if we sell at least 75% of the shares there will be seven assistants, and ten assistants, in case if we sell 100% of the shares, to help our sole officer and director Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe with the operation of Hollander beater machines. This will help


	Mr. Sudusinghe to focus more on distribution, marketing and to set up agreements with wholesale customers to buy our paper dung products. The negotiation of additional agreements with potential customers will be ongoing during the life of our operations. We therefore expect to incur the following costs in the next 12 months in connection with our business operations and SEC filing requirements:











	22











	 






	 

	 








	 












	 








	25% of offering the ($20,000)














	50% of offering the






	($40,000)














	75% of offering the






	($60,000)














	100% of offering the






	($80,000)











	Gross proceeds






	$






	20,000










	$






	40,000










	$






	60,000










	$






	80,000










	Registration Costs






	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	Net proceeds






	$






	13,000










	$






	33,000










	$






	53,000










	$






	73,000













	 




	The net proceeds will be used as follows










	Legal and Professional fees







	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000










	$






	7,000











	Hollander beater machine









	-










	$






	6,000










	$






	10,500










	$






	15,000











	Additional equipment materials







	$






	600










	$






	2,300










	$






	3,900










	$






	5700











	Operating supply







	$






	200










	$






	1,000










	$






	2,500










	$






	5,000











	Raw materials







	$






	4,800










	$






	10,500










	$






	18,800










	$






	20,600











	Website development









	-










	$






	400










	$






	800










	$






	1,500











	Office set-up









	-










	$






	2,400










	$






	3,800










	$






	6,200











	Marketing campaign







	$






	300










	$






	1,000










	$






	1,500










	$






	3,000











	Hire workers









	-










	$






	2,400










	$






	4,200










	$






	9,000












	 



	In summary, we expect to be in full operation and selling our product within 12 months of completing our offering. However, there is no guarantee that we will be in full operation and generate significant revenues and there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise funds through this offering. In this case in order to continue operations we plan to utilize funds from Mr. Sudusinghe. If we are unable to attract additional customers and cannot generate sufficient revenues to continue operations, we will obtain funds from Mr. Sudusinghe and Geant Corp.





	 



	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director, will be devoting approximately 75% of his time to our operations. Once we expand operations, and are able to attract more and more customers to buy our product, Mr. Sudusinghe has agreed to commit more time as required. Because Mr. Sudusinghe will only be devoting limited time to our operations at the current stage of production, our operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to him. As a result, operations may be periodically interrupted which could result in a lack of revenues.





	 





	Limited operating history; need for additional capital







	 



	There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in a start-up stage of operations and have generated no revenues since inception. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products.





	 



	23









	 





	 

	 








	Results of operations








	 





	From Inception on February 26, 2016 to May 31, 2016.





	 



	During the period we incorporated the Company, and prepared a business plan. We have generated no revenues since our inception on February 26, 2016 and incurred net losses of $433. Our total assets at May 31, 2016 were $4,947, consisting of one Hollander beater machine purchased from 3B Industrial Machines Ltd., subsidiary raw materials and additionally equipment materials purchased form the same company and a purchased website (www.geantcorp.com). We currently anticipate that fees associated with reporting obligations will increase over the next 12 months as a result of becoming a reporting company with the SEC.





	 




	Liquidity and capital resources






	 



	As of May 31, 2016, the Company had $4,947 worth of assets and our liabilities were $3,380. As of this date Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director has loaned to the Company $3,100. The current available capital reserves of the Company are not sufficient to remain operational. We require minimum funding of $20,000 from this offering to implement our business plan. Since inception, 2,000,000 shares of common stock were outstanding and owned to our sole officer and director at the price of $0.001 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $2,000.





	 



	To achieve our business plan goals we are attempting to raise money from this offering. We cannot guarantee that we will manage to sell all the shares required. If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. We will attempt to raise the necessary funds to proceed with all phases of our plan of operation. 





	 



	As of the date of this Registration Statement, the current funds available to the Company will not be sufficient to continue maintaining a reporting status. The Company’s sole officer and director, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, has concluded a verbal agreement with the Geant Corp. in order to fund completion of the registration process and to maintain the reporting status with SEC.





	 



	Our auditors have issued a


	“


	going concern


	”


	opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. Our only sources for cash at this time are investments by others in this offering, selling our paper dung products and loans from our director. We must raise cash to implement our plan and stay in business. If 25% of shares are sold for the gross proceeds of $20,000 it will likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources required covering the material costs with becoming a publicly reporting company.





	 



	Management believes that current trends toward lower capital investment in start-up companies pose the most significant challenge to the Company’s success over the next year and in future years. Additionally, the Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company. The Company’s management will have to spend additional time on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement is business plan and impede the speed of its operations.









	DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS






	Organization within the Last Five Years





	We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016. We have never declared bankruptcy, have never been in receivership, and have never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since incorporation, we have not made any significant purchase or sale of assets. Our business office is located at


	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070


	. Our telephone number is +17027510467.





	In General





	We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016. We just recently started our operations. Our business is the production of paper made from elephant dung (poo) for making different stationery products and distribution thereof primarily in Shri Lanka. We have generated no revenues since inception and our principal business activities to date also consist of creating a business plan, purchasing a domain-name for our prospective webpage.











	24











	 






	 

	 







	We are not a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we do have hard assets and real business operations.




	We need proceeds from this offering to start our 12-month plan of operation. The total estimated minimum amount of funds required to develop our business is approximately $ 20,000. We need funds for offering costs, general administrative expenses, production equipment purchase, business development, marketing costs, support materials and costs associated with being a publicly reporting company. We have generated limited revenues from operations to date.




	We will disperse our items in Shri Lanka and neighboring countries.


	We plan to use various distribution channels for various types of customers.


	As a rule we arrenged for a wholesale exchange, however in future we can make some items for various traveler shops and kiosks; corporate customers and individual customers


	will be covered by our web page and targeted marketing exercises.





	Product Overview





	Geant Corp.’s business is in making unique products to be sold to both mass-market customers and individual clients in future.




	We want to focus on something that is socially and environmentally responsible so we are contributing to the solution and not adding to the problem. We want to work with something that had more meaning to us, something we could be passionate about, and that possibly could have an important social statement attached to it. All of our paper products are 100% recycled. They do not have any smell. They are made up of 70% fiber from elephant dung and 30% post consumer paper. All papers everywhere are made from a pulp mixture derived from fiber materials. The most common papers today come from wood fiber pulp from cut trees. Our fibers of choice, of course, are dung fibers. We use the dung fibers from elephants to make our dung paper products.





	 



	All elephants that generate the dung that we require for our process have at least two things in common:




	1)


	      


	All are herbivores and have highly fibrous diets of different plants and vegetation.




	2)


	      


	All possess inefficient digestive systems that do not completely digest and breakdown all the fibers that they eat. This results in a significant amount of fibers remaining intact when these animals dung. There are no toxic chemicals used in our paper making process. Natural vegetative binding agents, along with water-soluble salt dyes for coloring are used.




	Our dung papers are handmade, acid free and as organic as it gets.





	 



	We are focused on the production of dung paper for mass-market customers to give them the ability of making different stationery products, souvenirs, tourist-oriented products, up-market gifts and interior design items from natural products on advanced and unique designs. It would be easier for them to buy raw materials (paper) from us to produce needed products instead of making paper. It is easier for us at the beginning to set up the production of paper instead of setting up the whole paper production and of different kinds of stationery products at the same time. In the future we have plans about production of some additional stationery items aside from paper.




	Geant Corp. has the ability to product handmade dung paper for making such original items as, for example:




	·


	        


	Bags




	·


	        


	Frames




	·


	        


	Photo Albums




	·


	        


	Notebooks




	·


	        


	Stationery




	·


	        


	Cards





	 



	However, first, we intend to launch a mass production of inexpensive handmade dung paper for making different stationery products and various tourist souvenirs, which were made using elephant dung.






	Hollander Beater for Handmade Paper













	Beater Specifications









	Pulp Capacity






	Stainless Steel




	(Sh-Hydra-SS)




	2.2 lbs (1 kg)






	Fiberglass




	(Sh-Hydra)




	2 lbs (9 kg)








	Size




	Inches (L x W x H)




	cm (L x W x H)







	 



	28.5” x 48” x 48”




	73 x 122 x 122 cm







	 



	32 x 49” x 48”




	82 x 125 x 122 cm








	Roll






	8” x 8” (20 cm x 20 cm) 304 Stainless steel




	24 -3 /16” (45 mm) replaceable blades mounted on 1”(2.54 cm) shaft




	Laser cut and assembled on








	Motor






	3/4 Hp TEFC (totally enclosed fan cooled)




	110/ 220 volt 60 Hz





	Optional 1 hp TEFC 110/ 220 volts 60 hz









	International Motors






	3/4 hp TEFC 110/220 volts 50/60 hz





	Optional 1 hp TEFC 110/220 volts 50/60 hz









	Motor Controls






	Air actuated on /off switch mounted on end of arm coupled to motor rated switches in isolated electrical box.









	Optional magnetic starter







	Used where required by safety codes.








	Lid Safety switches






	Included: -machine will not operate without lid in place.








	Adjusting mechanism






	Single handwheel on end of arm with lock nut.








	Stand






	Aluminum tubing and fittings with casters.









	OPTIONS









	Optional Amp Meter






	Shows amount of power machine is using allowing the roll to be set at the same height for each batch.








	Clear Plastic Lid






	Covers returns area, makes beater quieter.








	Lifting Winch






	A labor saving device to raise roll into cleaning position.









	SHIPPING WEIGHT







	Polyester resin tub- approx. 280 lbs (128 kg) Stainless steel tub-approx. 300 (136 kg)
















	25











	 






	 

	 








	Potential Customers





	Our President and Director, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, will showcase our item and arrange with potential clients and wholesale purchasers. We expect to create and keep up a database of potential corporate customers who might be keen on our items. We will catch up with these customers intermittently and offer them free examples, presentations and uncommon rebates now and again.




	Three fundamental classifications of our customers are:




	·


	        


	Wholesale exchange; speaking to expansive organizations, which are assembling diverse stationery items. It is preference for them to purchase fit dung paper instead of making it themselves. Further more they have an opportunity to concentrate on the manufacturing process of stationery items.




	·


	        


	Corporate customers, speaking to extensive, medium and little scale organizations, different affiliations and so on. This is a somewhat generous fragment of the business sector, which develops and routinely creates interest for different corporate blessings, gifts; things that advance brand mindfulness and so on.







	Competition





	We know that there are a number of obstacles to entering the market


	of dung paper items and


	the competition is rather high


	. There are several companies (PooPooPaper, Haathi Chaap and ecoMaximus) that offer comparative items and we will have to compete with them. We see


	the main competitive advantage of our competitors


	in the


	established customer base


	and marketing outlets. Howbeit, we arranged on a wholesale exchange, for the most part, so we will have capacity to offer our item for extensive organizations in huge amount. So our item is more extensive, and quality is better, ways to deal with business are more


	flexible


	.




	One of


	our biggest competitive advantages


	is that our item is raw material for different companies. So we would have a major measure of delivering item at the brief timeframe.




	Some of the competitive factors that may affect our business are as follows


	:




	1. Number of Competitors Increase: different companies


	may follow our business model of distributing


	high quality paper items made from elephant dung,


	which will reduce our competitive edge


	.




	2. Price: Our competitors


	may be selling similar product at a lower price forcing us to lower our prices as well and possibly sell our product at loss.




	3. Substitute Products:


	ompetitors


	may substitute items made from elephant dung with comparable items made from dung of some other animals.











	26











	 






	 

	 








	Marketing





	Our sole officer and chief, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, will be in charge of promoting of our company and our high quality dung paper. We


	intend to use such marketing strategies as web advertisements, direct mailing, and phone calls to acquire potential customers.


	We intend to attract traffic to our website by a variety of online marketing tactics such as registering with top search engines using selected key words and meta-tags, and utilizing link and banner exchange options. We will utilize numerous Internet showcasing instruments to direct activity to our site and distinguish potential clients. As of the date of this prospectus we have already purchased a website (www.geantcorp.com) and plan to develop it. We already have some discribtion of our item, the procedure of production and incorporate some broad data and pictures of items companies can make from our paper. 




	Our site portrays our products, the production procedure, and incorporates some broad data and pictures of high quality dung paper. We plan to utilize Internet advancement apparatuses on Facebook and Twitter to publicize our company and make connections to our site.




	We will intend to continue our marketing efforts during the life of our operations.


	We intend to spend from $300 to $3,000 on


	marketing efforts during the first year, d


	epending on the amount of investments raised as a result of this offering.


	There is no guarantee that we will be able to attract and more importantly retain enough customers to justify our expenditures. If we are unable to generate a significant amount of revenue and to successfully protect ourselves against those risks, then it would materially affect our financial condition and our business could be harmed.





	Description of property





	The Company has not signed any rental agreements. Our sole officer and director, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, has agreed to provide us its own premises at no charge. He will not take any fee for these premises.





	Insurance





	We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend to maintain insurance in the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are made a party of a products liability action, we may not have sufficient funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations.





	Research and Development Expenditures





	We have not incurred any research expenditures since our incorporation.





	Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings





	There has been no bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding.





	Employees; Identification of Certain Significant Employees





	We currently have no employees, other than our sole officer and director Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe.





	 














	27











	 






	 

	 










	MANAGEMENT






	Officers and Directors





	Our sole director will serve until his successor is elected and qualified. Our sole officer is elected by the board of directors to a term of one (1) year and serves until his successor is duly elected and qualified, or until he is removed from office. The board of directors has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees.




	The name, address, age and position of our present officers and directors are set forth below:








	 




	 








	 







	Name and Address



	 









	Age



	 













	Position(s)



	 








	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe








	47












	President, Principal Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer,








	At Galle Road 93









	 











	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer








	Moragalla, Beruwala, 80000









	 











	And sole member of the Board of Directors. 








	 



	Mr. Sudusinghe has acted as our sole President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Secretary and sole member of our board of directors since our incorporation on February 26, 2016.  Mr. Sudusinghe owns 100% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. For the past five years he has been a business administrator and then a head administratorr at Reschen Tex LTD (textile company). Mr. Sudusinghe intends to devote close to 75% of his time to planning and organizing activities of Geant Corp.




	In the past ten years, Mr. Sudusinghe has not been the subject to any of the following events:




	1.


	      


	Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which Mr. Sudusinghe was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.




	2.


	      


	Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding.




	3.


	      


	An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting Mr. Sudusinghe’s involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities.




	4.


	      


	Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to violate a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.




	5.


	      


	Was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;




	6.


	      


	Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated;




	7.


	      


	Was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:




	                                


	i.


	           


	Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or




	                               


	ii.


	           


	Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or




	                             


	iii.


	           


	Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or




	8.


	      


	Was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.





	 








	28









	 






	 

	 








	Term Of Office





	The director is appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his respective successor is elected and qualified, or until he resigns or is removed in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues. Our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by the Board or until his resignation appoints our officer.





	Director Independence





	Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to our management and us.









	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION





	The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us for the six months ending May 31, 2016 for our sole officer and director. This information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation discussed addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid or named executive officers. 








	EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE








	 




	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 









	Name and Principal Position










	Year














	Salary (US$)














	Bonus (US$)














	Stock Awards (US$)














	Option Awards (US$)














	Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (US$)














	Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (US$)














	All Other Compensation (US$)














	Total (US$)












	Suneetha







	 











	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 










	Sudusinghe









	2016












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0










	President









	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 












	 









	 



	We have no work concurrences with our sole officer and executive. We do not examine going into any occupation understandings until such time as we start gainful operations. Mr. Sudusinghe will not be repaid after the offering and preceding beneficial operations. There is no affirmation that we will ever produce extra incomes from our operations.




	The pay examined in this delivers all remuneration recompensed to, earned by, or paid to our named official officers.




	There are no other investment opportunity arranges, retirement, annuity, or benefit sharing arrangements for the advantage of our officers and chiefs other than as portrayed in this.








	Compensation of Directors





	The individual from our top managerial staff is not made up for his administrations as a chief. The board has not actualized an arrangement to honor alternatives to any executives. There are no legally binding plans with any individual from the governing body. We have no executive’s administration contracts.





	 




	 








	29









	 






	 

	 











	DIRECTOR’S COMPENSATION TABLE








	 




	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 








	 









	 Name










	Year 














	Fees Earned or Paid in Cash














	Stock Awards














	Options Awards














	Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation














	Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings














	All Other Compensation














	Total









	 




	 











	(US$)














	(US$)














	(US$)














	(US$)














	(US$)














	(US$)














	(US$)











	Suneetha Sudusinghe








	2016












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0












	0










	 




	Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards



	 




	We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance.







	Indemnification





	Under our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a lawsuit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. We may advance expenses incurred in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in a proceeding as to which he is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney’s fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada.




	Regarding indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Nevada law, we are informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.










	PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS





	The following table sets forth, as of the date of this prospectus, the total number of shares owned beneficially by our directors, officers and key employees, individually and as a group, and the present owners of 5% or more of our total outstanding shares. The table also reflects what their ownership will be assuming completion of the sale of all shares in this offering. The stockholders listed below have direct ownership of their shares and possesses sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares.








	 




	 








	 








	 








	 









	Name and Address






	Beneficial Owner [1]










	Number of Shares Before the Offering














	Percentage of Ownership Before the Offering














	Number of Shares



	 



	After Offering



	 



	Assuming all of






	the Shares are



	 



	Sold














	Percentage of Ownership After the Offering Assuming all of the Shares are Sold











	Suneetha Sudusinghe








	2,000,000












	100






	%










	2,000,000












	50






	%








	 



	[1] The person named above may be deemed to be a 



	”parent”



	 and 



	”promoter”



	 of our company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of his direct and indirect stock holdings. Mr. Sudusinghe is the only 



	”promoter”



	 of our company.




	30









	 





	 

	 







	Future sales by existing stockholders




	A total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock were issued to our sole officer and director, all of which are restricted securities, as defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act. Under Rule 144, the shares can be publicly sold, subject to volume restrictions and restrictions on the manner of sale. Such shares can only be sold after six months provided that the issuer of the securities is, and has been for a period of at least 90 days immediately before the sale, subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Shares purchased in this offering, which will be immediately resalable, and sales of all of our other shares after applicable restrictions expire, could have a depressive effect on the market price, if any, of our common stock and the shares we are offering.






	There is no public trading market for our common stock. To be quoted on the OTCBB a market maker must file an application on our behalf to make a market for our common stock. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have not engaged a market maker to file such an application; hence there is no guarantee that a market marker will file an application on our behalf. Even if an application is filed, there is no guarantee that we will be accepted for quotation. Our stock may become quoted, rather than traded, on the OTCBB.




	There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into our common stock. There is one holder of record for our common stock. The record holder is our sole officer and director who owns 2,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock.







	DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES






	Common Stock





	Our authorized ommon stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. The holders of our common stock:




	·


	        


	Have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available if and when declared by our board of directors;




	·


	        


	Are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs;




	·


	        


	Do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and




	A holder of outstanding shares, entitled to vote at a meeting, may vote at such meeting in person or by proxy. Except as may otherwise be provided in the currently filed Articles of Incorporation, every shareholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share standing in their name on the record of shareholders. Except, as herein or in the currently filed Articles of Incorporation otherwise provided, all corporate action shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote thereon.




	We refer you to our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of our securities.




	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director will offer our securities to his personal friends and family in Shri Lanka and India and relatives and friends in neighboring countries. We will not utilize advertising or make a general solicitation for our offering, but rather, Mr. Sudusinghe will personally and individually contact each investor. Mr. Sudusinghe has no experience in selling securities to investors. Mr. Sudusinghe will not purchase securities in this offering.





	Preferred Stock





	Currently no preferred shares are issued and outstanding.





	Share purchase warrants





	We have not issued and do not have any outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our common stock.











	31











	 






	 

	 








	Options





	We have not issued and do not have any outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock.





	Convertible Securities





	We have not issued and do not have any outstanding securities convertible into shares of our common stock or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock.





	Non-cumulative voting





	Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. After this offering is completed, assuming the sale of all of the shares of common stock, present stockholders will own approximately 50% of our outstanding shares.





	Cash dividends





	As of the date of this prospectus, we have not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations.





	Nevada anti-takeover laws





	Currently, we have no Nevada shareholders and since this offering will not be made in the State of Nevada, no shares will be sold to its residents. Further, we do not do business in Nevada directly or through an affiliate corporation and we do not intend to do so. Accordingly, there are no anti-takeover provisions that have the affect of delaying or preventing a change in our control.




	The Nevada Business Corporation Law contains a provision governing “Acquisition of Controlling Interest.” This law provides generally that any person or entity that acquires 20% or more of the outstanding voting shares of a publicly-held Nevada corporation in the secondary public or private market may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights in whole or in part.  The control share acquisition law provides that a person or entity acquires “control shares” whenever it acquires shares that, but for the operation of the control share acquisition act, would bring its voting power within any of the following three ranges: (1) 20 to 33 1/3%, (2) 33 1/3 to 50%, or (3) more than 50%. A “control share acquisition” is generally defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of either ownership or voting power associated with issued and outstanding control shares.  The stockholders or board of directors of a corporation may elect to exempt the stock of the corporation from the provisions of the control share acquisition act through adoption of a provision to that effect in the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation.  Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not exempt our common stock from the control share acquisition law.  The control share acquisition law is applicable only to shares of “Issuing Corporations” as defined by the act.  An Issuing Corporation is a Nevada corporation, which; (1) has 200 or more stockholders, with at least 100 of such stockholders being both stockholders of record and residents of Nevada; and (2) does business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation.




	At this time, we do not have 100 stockholders of record resident of Nevada. Therefore, the provisions of the control share acquisition law do not apply to acquisitions of our shares and will not until such time as these requirements have been met. At such time as they may apply to us, the provisions of the control share acquisition law may discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control of the Company, regardless of whether such acquisition may be in the interest of our stockholders.











	32











	 






	 

	 








	The Nevada “Combination with Interested Stockholders’ Statute” may also have an effect of delaying or making it more difficult to effect a change in control of the Company. This statute prevents an “interested stockholder” and a resident domestic Nevada corporation from entering into a “combination,” unless certain conditions are met.  The statute defines “combination” to include a



	ny merger or consolidation with an “interested stockholder,” or any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition, in one transaction or a series of transactions with an “interested stockholder” having; (1) an aggregate market value equal to 5 percent or more of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation; (2) an aggregate market value equal to 5 percent or more of the aggregate market value of all outstanding shares of the corporation; or (3) representing 10 percent or more of the earning power or net income of the corporation. An “interested stockholder” means the beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of the voting shares of a resident domestic corporation, or an affiliate or associate thereof.  A corporation affected by the statute may not engage in a “combination” within three years after the interested stockholder acquires its shares unless the combination or purchase is approved by the board of directors before the interested stockholder acquired such shares.  If approval is not obtained, then after the expiration of the three-year period, the business combination may be consummated with the approval of the board of directors or a majority of the voting power held by disinterested stockholders, or if the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (1) the highest price per share paid by the interested stockholder within the three years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction in which he became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher; (2) the market value per common share on the date of announcement of the combination or the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher; or (3) if higher for the holders of preferred stock, the highest liquidation value of the preferred stock. The effect of Nevada’s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the Company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors.





	Reports





	We will be required to file reports with the SEC under section 15(d) of the Securities Act. The reports will be filed electronically. The reports we will be required to file are Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K. You may read copies of any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that will contain copies of the reports we file electronically. The address for the Internet site is www.sec.gov.





	Stock transfer agent





	We do not have a Transfer Agent.









	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS





	On April 22, 2016, we issued a total of 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, our sole officer and director in consideration of $2,000. Mr. Sudusinghe is a sole promoter of our Company.




	Further, Mr. Sudusinghe has advanced funds to us under a verbal agreement concluded between Mr. Sudusinghe, and us, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1. The amount of the verbal agreement is $50,000. As of May 31, 2016, Mr. Sudusinghe advanced us $3,100. The money is due on demand and Mr. Sudusinghe will not be repaid from the proceeds of this offering. There is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Mr. Sudusinghe. Mr. Sudusinghe will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when we generate significant revenues to pay the obligation. The obligation to Mr. Sudusinghe does not bear interest.










	INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL





	George Stewart, CPA has audited our financial statements for the period from inception to May 31, 2016, included in this prospectus, George Stewart, CPA as set forth in their report included in this prospectus. Their report is given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.




	Harrison Law, P.A. has given an opinion on the validityof the securities being registered, which appears as an exibit to this registration statement. We have retained the Firm solely for the purpose of providing this opinion. Ms. Harrison has no direct or indirect interest in us. 










	LEGAL MATTERS





	We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us.















	33











	 






	 

	 








	                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





	Our fiscal year end is May 31. We will provide audited financial statements to our stockholders on an annual basis through filing a Form 10-K; a firm of Certified Public Accountants will audit the statements.




	Our financial statements from inception (February 26, 2016) to May 31, 2016 (unaudited) immediately follow:





	 




	GEANT CORP.








	 




	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS








	 




	MAY 31, 2016








	 




	 




	 




	 




	 










	34











	 






	 

	 










	GEANT CORP.






	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2016 (INCEPTION) TO MAY 31, 2016






	 




	 




	 







	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm






	F-1








	Balance Sheet as of May 31, 2016






	F-2








	Statement of Operations from February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016






	F-3








	Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity from February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016






	F-4








	Statement of Cash Flows from February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016






	F-5








	Notes to the Audited Financial Statements






	F-6 - F-9










	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 










	35











	 






	 

	 







	GEORGE STEWART, CPA




	316 17

	TH

	AVENUE SOUTH




	SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98144




	(206) 328-8554 FAX (206) 328-0383





	 






	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM






	 



	To the Board of Directors




	Geant Corp.




	I have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Geant Corp. as of May 31, 2016, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the period ended May 31, 2016.  Geant Corp.’s management is responsible for these financial statements.  My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audits. 




	I conducted my audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The company is not required to have, nor was I engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, I express no such opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion.




	In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Geant Corp., as of May 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended May 31, 2016 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.




	The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 2-Going Concern to the financial statements, the Company has had limited operations, has no revenues, a working capital deficiency and its need for capital raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  Management’s plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note 2.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.





	 



	Seattle, Washington




	August 

	8

	, 2016





	 


	 


	                                                                                                                                                                                                                               F-1




	 




	 



	36











	 





	 

	 










	GEANT CORP.






	BALANCE SHEET






	AS OF MAY 31, 2016






	(AUDITED)






	 








	ASSETS








	 





	May 31, 2016










	Current Assets







	 






	 









	Cash and cash equivalents




	Inventory






	$






	1,065




	1,962











	Total Current Assets








	$








	3,027












	 






	 






	 









	Fixed Assets







	 






	 









	Equipment







	 





	1,920











	Total Fixed Assets








	$








	1,920












	 






	 






	 










	Total Assets








	$








	4,947












	 






	 






	 










	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY








	 






	 









	Liabilities







	 






	 









	Current Liabilities







	 






	 









	    Accounts Payable







	 





	280










	    Loans







	 





	3,100











	Total Current Liabilities








	$








	3,380












	 






	 






	 










	Total Liabilities








	$








	3,380












	 






	 






	 









	Stockholder’s Equity







	 






	 









	Common stock, par value $0.001; 75,000,000 shares authorized, 2,000,000 shares issued and outstanding







	 





	2,000










	Additional paid in capital







	 





	-










	Income (deficit) accumulated during the development stage







	 





	(433






	)









	Total Stockholder’s Equity








	$








	1,567












	 






	 






	 










	Total Liabilities and Stockholder’s Equity








	$








	4,947













	 




	 






	 






	 






	 






	 



	See accompanying notes to financial statements.




	F-2









	37









	 






	 

	 









	 






	 

	 










	GEANT CORP.






	STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS






	FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2016   (INCEPTION) TO MAY 31, 2016






	(AUDITED)






	 




	 




	 








	 






	 





	From February 26, 2016 (Inception) to May 31, 2016











	 






	 






	 









	REVENUES






	$






	-










	Cost of Goods Sold







	 





	-










	Gross Profit







	 





	-











	 






	 






	 









	OPERATING EXPENSES







	 






	 









	General and Administrative Expenses







	 





	433











	TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES










	 






	(433








	)










	 






	 






	 










	NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS










	 






	(433








	)










	 






	 






	 









	PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES







	 





	-











	 






	 






	 










	NET INCOME (LOSS)








	$








	(433








	)










	 






	 






	 










	NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED








	$








	0.00












	 






	 






	 










	WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED










	 






	219,178












	 






	 






	 











	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	See accompanying notes to financial statements.




	F-3









	39









	 






	 

	 










	GEANT CORP.






	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY






	FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2016 (INCEPTION) TO MAY 31, 2016






	(AUDITED)






	 








	 







	Common Stock









	 




	 



	Additional Paid-in












	Deficit Accumulated during the Development












	Total Stockholders’











	 







	Shares












	Amount












	Capital












	Stage












	Equity











	 








	 












	 












	 












	 












	 









	Inception, February 26, 2016








	-










	$






	-










	$






	-










	$






	-










	$






	-











	 








	 












	 












	 












	 












	 









	Shares issued for cash at $0.001 per share on  April 22, 2016








	2,000,000












	2,000












	-












	-












	2,000











	 








	 












	 












	 












	 












	 









	Net income (loss) for the period ended May 31, 2016








	-












	-












	-












	(433






	)










	(433






	)









	 








	 












	 












	 












	 












	 










	Balance, May 31, 2016










	2,000,000












	$








	2,000












	$








	-












	$








	(433








	)










	$








	1,567













	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	See accompanying notes to financial statements.




	F-4





	 




	 




	 




	 








	40









	 






	 

	 










	GEANT CORP.






	STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS






	FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2016   (INCEPTION) TO MAY 31, 2016






	(AUDITED)






	 








	 







	From February 26, 2016 (Inception) to May 31, 2016











	CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES










	 









	Net loss for the period






	$






	(433






	)








	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities:









	 









	Depreciation








	33










	Increase in Inventory








	(1,962






	)








	Increase in Accounts Payable








	280











	CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES










	(2,082








	)










	 








	 










	CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING  ACTIVITIES 










	 









	Purchase of Fixed Assets








	(1,953






	)









	CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING  ACTIVITIES 










	(1,953








	)










	 








	 










	CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 










	 









	Proceeds from sale of common stock








	2,000










	Loans








	3,100











	CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES










	5,100












	 








	 










	NET INCREASE IN CASH










	1,065














	 










	 










	Cash, beginning of period










	-














	 










	 










	Cash, end of period








	$








	1,065














	 










	 










	SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:












	 










	Interest paid








	$








	0












	Income taxes paid








	$








	0













	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 



	See accompanying notes to financial statements.




	F-5









	41









	 






	 

	 








	GEANT CORP.








	NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	MAY 31, 2016






	 





	NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS







	 



	Geant Corp. (“the Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26, 2016 to start business operations concerned with production of paper made from elephant dung for making various stationery products and subsequent selling thereof. Our office is located at Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070. Our phone number is +17027510467.





	 





	NOTE 2 – GOING CONCERN







	 



	The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.  However, the Company had no revenues from February 26, 2016 (inception) through May 31, 2016.  The Company currently has negative working capital, and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.





	 



	Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management’s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.





	 





	NOTE 3 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES







	 




	Development Stage Company





	The Company is a development stage company as defined by Topic 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. A development-stage company is one in which planned principal operations have not commenced or if its operations have commenced, but there has been no significant revenues there from.





	 



	The company has elected to adopt application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements; it no longer presents or discloses inception-to-date information and other disclosure requirements of Topic 915.





	 




	Basis of presentation





	The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The Company’s yearend is May 31.





	 




	Use of Estimates





	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.





	 




	Cash




	and Cash




	E




	q




	ui




	v




	a




	lents





	T


	h


	e




	C


	o


	m


	p


	a


	ny




	c


	o


	nsi


	d


	ers




	all




	h


	i


	gh


	ly




	li


	qu


	i


	d




	inves


	t


	m


	e


	n


	ts




	wit


	h




	t


	h


	e




	ori


	g


	i


	n


	a


	l




	m


	atu


	ritie


	s




	o


	f




	thre


	e




	m


	on


	t


	hs




	or




	les


	s




	to


	be ca


	s


	h


	e


	q


	u


	i


	v


	a


	le


	n


	t


	s. The Company had $1,065 of cash as of May 31, 2016.





	 




	Prepaid Expenses





	Prepaid Expenses are recorded at fair market value. The Company had no prepaid expenses as of May 31, 2016.





	 




	Inventories





	Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is principally determined using the first-in, first out (


	FIFO


	) method. The Company had $1,962 in inventory as of May 31, 2016.






	 






	Depreciation, Amortization, and Capitalization





	The Company records depreciation and amortization when appropriate using straight-line balance method over the estimated useful life of the assets. We estimate that the useful life of our equipment (


	beater machine, stainless steel drum, plastic barrel drums) is five years.


	Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Additions, major renewals and replacements that increase the property's useful life are capitalized. Property sold or retired, together with the related accumulated depreciation is removed from the


	appropriated accounts and the resultant gain or loss is included in net income.




	F-6





	 










	42











	 






	 

	 









	 






	 

	 








	GEANT CORP.






	NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	MAY 31, 2016






	 





	NOTE 3 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTUNUED)







	 




	Fair Value of Financial Instruments





	ASC Topic 820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs in measuring fair value. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.





	 



	These tiers include:








	Level 1:






	defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;








	Level 2:






	defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and








	Level 3:






	defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.









	 



	The carrying value of cash and the Company’s loan from shareholder approximates its fair value due to their short-term maturity.





	 




	Income Taxes





	The Company accounts for its income taxes in accordance with Income Taxes Topic of the FASB ASC 740, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credit, carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years, in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date.





	 




	Revenue Recognition





	The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with ASC topic 605 “Revenue Recognition”.


	The Company recognizes revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured.





	 




	Basic Income (Loss) Per Share





	The Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance with FASB ASC 260 “Earnings per Share”. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period.  Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the period from February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016 there were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding. 





	 




	Comprehensive Income





	Comprehensive income is defined as all changes in stockholders' equity (deficit), exclusive of transactions with owners, such as capital investments. Comprehensive income includes net income or loss, changes in certain assets and liabilities that are reported directly in equity such as translation adjustments on investments in foreign subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. For the period from February 26, 2016 (inception) to May 31, 2016 were no differences between our comprehensive loss and net loss.





	 




	Stock-Based Compensation





	Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718.  To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.





	 




	Recent Accounting Pronouncements





	We have reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company other than those relating to Development Stage Entities as discussed above.





	 



	F-7











	44











	 






	 

	 








	GEANT CORP.






	NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	MAY 31, 2016








	 







	NOTE 4 – FIXED ASSETS







	 








	 






	 





	Equipment











	 





	Totals










	Cost







	 






	 










	 






	 









	As at February 26, 2016






	$






	-










	$






	-










	Additions







	 





	1,953











	 





	1,953










	Disposals







	 





	-











	 





	-











	As at May 31, 2016








	$








	1,953












	$








	1,953












	 






	 






	 










	 






	 









	Depreciation







	 






	 










	 






	 









	As at February 26, 2016







	 





	-











	 





	-










	Change for the period







	 





	(33






	)









	 





	(33






	)









	As at May 31, 2016








	$








	(33








	)










	$








	(33








	)










	 






	 






	 










	 






	 










	Net book value








	$








	1,920












	$








	1,920













	 




	 





	NOTE 5 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES







	 



	The Company has not signed any rental agreements. Our sole officer and director, Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, has agreed to provide us its own premises for free. He won’t take any fee for these premises.





	 





	NOTE 6 –






	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS







	 



	The Company is utilizing and will continue utilize funds from our sole officer and director who has verbally agreed to get an interest-free loan as indicated by a verbal agreement finished up between Mr.Sudusinghe and Geant Corp. in the amount of $50,000.





	 



	During the period from February 26, 2016 (Inception) to May 31, 2016, our sole director has loaned to the Company $3,100. The related party loan to




	the sole shareholder and the sole member of the board and president of the company is unsecured, interest free and due on demand.





	 



	The balance due to the director, the sole shareholder and the sole member of the board and president of the company was $3,100 as of May 31, 2016.





	 





	NOTE 7 – COMMON STOCK







	 



	The Company has 75,000,000, $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized.





	 



	On April 22, 2016, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of $2,000 at $0.001 per share.





	 



	There were 2,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2016.





	 





	NOTE 8 – INCOME TAXES







	 



	The Company adopted the provisions of uncertain tax positions as addressed in ASC 740-10-65-1. As a result of the implementation of ASC 740-10-65-1, the Company recognized no increase in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits.





	 



	The Company has no tax position at May 31, 2016 for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. The Company does not recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. No such interest or penalties were recognized during the period presented. The Company had no accruals for interest and penalties at May 31, 2016. The Company’s utilization of any net operating loss carry forward may be unlikely as a result of its intended activities.





	 



	F-8









	45









	 






	 

	 








	GEANT CORP.






	 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	MAY 31, 2016








	 





	NOTE 8 – INCOME TAXES (CONTUNUED)







	 



	The valuation allowance at May 31, 2016 was approximately $433. The net change in valuation allowance during the year ended May 31, 2016 was $433. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of May 31, 2016.  All tax years since inception remains open for examination by taxing authorities.





	 



	The Company has a net operating loss carryforward for tax purposes totaling approximately $433 at May 31, 2016, expiring through 2035. There is a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than a 50% change in ownership). Temporary differences, which give rise to a net deferred tax asset, are as follows:





	 







	 







	 





	From February 26, 2016 (Inception) to May 31, 2016







	 







	Non-current deferred tax assets:







	 



	 





	 







	Net operating loss carryforward






	$






	(433






	)








	Stock based compensation






	$






	-







	 







	Inventory obsolescence






	$






	-







	 







	Accrued officer compensation






	$






	-







	 








	 






	 






	 






	 







	Total deferred tax assets






	$






	(433






	)








	Valuation allowance






	$






	433







	 







	Net deferred tax assets






	$






	-







	 









	 





	 



	The actual tax benefit at the expected rate of 34% differs from the expected tax benefit for the year ended May 31, 2016 as follows:







	 










	 








	 





	From February 26, 2016 (Inception) to May 31, 2016










	Computed "expected" tax expense (benefit)







	 



	$






	(147






	)








	Penalties and fines and meals and entertainment






	$






	-










	Accrued officer compensation






	$






	-










	Change in valuation allowance






	$






	147










	Actual tax expense (benefit)






	$






	-












	 






	 





	NOTE 9 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS







	 



	In accordance with SFAS 165 (ASC 855-10) the Company


	has analyzed its operations subsequent to May 31, 2016 to the date these financial statements were issued, and has determined that the related party loan to Geant Corp. amounting to $6000 was made in June 2016, but it does not have any other material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements.





	 



	F-9









	46









	 






	 

	 








	 




	PROSPECTUS



	 





	2,000,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK






	GEANT CORP.





	_______________






	Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation








	Until _____________ ___, 2016, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus.  This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.







	 




	 










	47











	 






	 

	 







	PART II. INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS










	ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION.





	The estimated expenses of the offering (assuming all shares are sold), all of which are to be paid by the registrant, are as follows:








	 


	 


	 








	SEC Registration Fee 






	$ 






	8.06










	Auditors Fees and Expenses






	$ 






	3,250.00










	Legal Fees and Expenses 






	$ 






	2,000.00










	Transfer Agent Fees 






	$ 






	1,250.00










	EDGAR Agent Fees






	$ 






	500.00











	TOTAL



	 






	$ 






	7,008.06











	(1) All amounts are estimates, other than the SEC’s registration fee.







	 



	ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTOR AND OFFICERS





	 Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Corporate Law provides, in part, that a corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.




	Similar indemnity is authorized for such persons against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred in defense or settlement of any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Where an officer or a director is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, we must indemnify him against the expenses, which such offer, or director actually or reasonably incurred. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.









	48









	 






	 

	 









	ITEM 15.     RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES.




	Since inception, the Registrant has sold the following securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.






	 


	 




	 






	 


	 









	Name and Address



	 







	Date



	 









	Shares



	 










	  







	Consideration



	 










	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe






	April 22, 2016








	2,000,000










	$ 






	2,000.00










	We issued the foregoing restricted shares of common stock to our sole officer and director pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. He is a sophisticated investor, is our sole officer and director, and is in possession of all material information relating to us. Further, no commissions were paid to anyone in connection with the sale of the shares and general solicitation was not made to anyone.








	ITEM 16.     EXHIBITS



	.








	 


	 


	 







	Exhibit






	Number










	 






	Description of Exhibit









	3.1







	 





	Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant








	3.2







	 





	Bylaws of the Registrant








	5.1







	 





	Opinion:  Legality and Consent of Counsel Harrison Law, P.A.








	10.1




	10.2




	10.3







	 





	Verbal Agreement, March 16, 2016




	Goods Sales Agreement, May 30, 2016




	Purchase agreement, April 18, 2016








	23.1




	99.1







	 





	Consent of  George Stewart, CPA




	Subscription Agreement













	ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS





	 The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:




	 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to:




	(a) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act;




	 (b) Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective Registration Statement; and




	 (c) Include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the Registration Statement or any material change to such information in the Registration Statement.




	 2. To, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new Registration Statement relating to the securities offered herein, and to treat the offering of such securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.









	49









	 






	 

	 







	 3. To remove from registration, by means of a post-effective amendment, any of the securities being registered hereby that remains unsold at the termination of the offering.




	 4. For determining liability of the undersigned Registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant pursuant to this Registration Statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:




	 (a) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;




	 (b) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned Registrant;




	 (c) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned Registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and




	 (d) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser.




	Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to our director, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable.




	 In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our director, officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our director, officers, or controlling person sin connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.




	 For the purposes of determining liability under the Securities Act for any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a Registration Statement relating to an offering, other than Registration Statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the Registration Statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a Registration Statement or prospectus that is part of the Registration Statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or prospectus that is part of the Registration Statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the Registration Statement or prospectus that was part of the Registration Statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.











	50











	 






	 

	 










	SIGNATURES





	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in Sri Lanka, Beruwala on August 9, 2016.






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 







	 






	GEANT CORP.










	 






	 






	 








	 






	 






	 








	 





	By:






	/s/






	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe







	 








	 






	 





	Name:






	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe







	 








	 






	 





	Title:






	President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director









	 






	 






	 





	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)











	 



	POWER OF ATTORNEY





	KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement on Amended Form S-1/A of Geant Corp., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grant unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.




	 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the following person in the capacities and on the dates indicated has signed this Registration Statement.





	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 







	Signature








	 






	Title








	 






	Date










	 






	 






	 






	 






	 







	/s/ Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe







	 






	 






	 






	 







	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe







	 





	President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director




	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 







	 





	August 9, 2016









	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 










	51











	 



















	 










	 










	 










	 























	BYLAWS OF GEANT CORP.








	(the "Corporation")







	 





	STOCKHOLDERS (the "Stockholders")









	 





	Annual Meeting









	 



	1.




	A meeting of the Stockholders will be held annually for the purpose of electing directors (the "Directors") of the Corporation and for the purpose of doing other business as may come before the meeting. If the day fixed for the annual meeting is a legal holiday in the State of Nevada, the annual meeting will be held on the next succeeding business day or on a date determined by the board of directors for the Corporation (the "Board") that is no later than two weeks after the date specified in the meeting notice.



	 





	Special Meetings









	 



	2.




	Unless otherwise prescribed by statute, special meetings of the Stockholders may only be called for any purpose or purposes in the following ways:




	a.




	By a majority of the Board; or




	b.




	By the president of the Corporation (the "President"); or




	c.




	By the holders of stock entitled to cast in total not less than 10 percent of the votes on any issue proposed for the meeting where written requests describing the purpose or purposes for the special meeting are signed, dated and delivered to a member of the Board or other Officer of the Corporation.



	 



	3.




	The Board will determine the time, place and date of any special meeting, which, unless the special meeting is called by a majority of the Board, will be held not more than 0 days after the written request to call the special meeting is delivered to the Board. Special meetings will be limited to discussing and voting on the items identified in the meeting notice.





	 




	 















	1










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Place of Meeting









	 



	4.




	The annual meetings or special meetings of the Stockholders may be held at any place in or out of the State of Nevada at a place to be determined at the discretion of the Board. If no designation of the location is made for any annual or special meeting of the Stockholders, the place of the meeting will be the Registered Office of the Corporation. The Corporation must hold its annual meeting within the earlier of: a) six months after the end of the Corporation's fiscal year or; b) fifteen months after its last annual meeting. If an annual meeting is not held within that time period, a Stockholder may direct a request in writing to the Chairman of the Board of the Corporation to hold the annual meeting. If a notice of meeting is not given within 60 days of that request then any Stockholder entitled to vote at an annual meeting may apply to any court having jurisdiction for an order directing that the meeting be held and fixing the time and place of the meeting.



	 





	Notice of Meetings









	 



	5.




	The written notice of any meeting will be given 10 to 30 days before the date of the meeting to each Stockholder entitled to vote at that meeting. The written notice of the meeting will state the place, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.



	 



	6.




	If mailed, notice is given when the notice is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and directed to the Stockholder at the address of the Stockholder as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary (the "Secretary") of the Corporation that the notice has been given will, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in the notice.



	 



	7.




	A written waiver, signed by the person entitled to a notice of meeting, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to that notice, whether before or after the time stated in the notice, will be deemed equivalent to the person receiving the notice. Further, attendance of a person at a meeting will constitute a waiver of notice of that meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.







	 















	2










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting









	 



	8.




	Any action to be taken at any annual or special meeting of Stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action to be taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting at which all stock entitled to vote on the matter were present and voted is delivered to the Corporation. Every written consent will bear the date of signature of each Stockholder who signs the consent. However, no written consent will be effective unless the consent is delivered, either by hand or by certified or registered mail, within 90 days of the earliest dated consent, to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records.



	 





	Remote Communication Meetings









	 



	9.




	Remote communication means any electronic communication including conference telephone, video conference, the Internet, or any other method currently available or developed in the future by which Stockholders not present in the same physical location may simultaneously communicate with each other.



	 



	10.




	Where permitted under the statutes and regulations of the State of Nevada, and in the sole and reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors, a meeting of Stockholders of the Corporation may be held at a specific location or may be held by any means of remote communication. Where a meeting will employ remote communication, one or more Stockholders may participate by means of remote communication or the meeting may be held solely by means of remote communication at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors. Where any remote communication is used in a Stockholder meeting, all persons authorized to vote or take other action at the meeting must be able to hear each other during the meeting and each person will have a reasonable opportunity to participate. This remote participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting. All votes or other actions taken at the meeting by means of electronic transmission must be maintained as a matter of record by the Corporation.







	 















	3










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote









	 



	11.




	The Officer who has charge of the Stock Ledger of the Corporation will prepare and make, 10 to 60 days before every meeting of the Stockholders, a complete list of the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each Stockholder and the number of shares of stock registered in the name of each Stockholder. The list must be available for inspection by any Stockholder. The list must be provided for any purpose related to the meeting:



	 



	a.




	On a reasonably accessible electronic network, so long as the information required to access the list is provided with the notice of the meeting; or




	b.




	During ordinary business hours, at the Registered Office of the Corporation in this state.



	 



	12.




	If the Corporation decides to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation will ensure that this information is available only to Stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a physical location, then the list will be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time of the meeting and may be inspected by any Stockholder who is present.



	 



	13.




	If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list will also be open to the examination of any Stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access the list will be provided with the notice of the meeting.



	 



	14.




	If any Director willfully neglects or refuses to produce the list of Stockholders at any meeting for the election of Directors, or to open such a list to examination on a reasonably accessible electronic network during any meeting for the election of Directors held solely by means of remote communication, those Directors will be ineligible for election to any office at that meeting.



	 



	15.




	The Stock Ledger will be the only evidence as to who are the Stockholders entitled by this section to examine the list required by this section or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of Stockholders.







	 






	 















	4










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Quorum and Required Vote









	 



	16.




	A minimum of 1 percent of the stock entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum entitled to take action at a meeting of Stockholders.



	 



	17.




	In all matters other than the election of Directors, any act of the Stockholders must be passed by an affirmative vote of the majority of the stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter.



	 



	18.




	Directors will be elected by a majority of the votes of the stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of Directors.



	 



	19.




	Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series of stock ("Eligible Stock") is required, 1 percent of the outstanding Eligible Stock present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Any act to be taken must be passed by an affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding Eligible Stock present in person or represented by proxy.



	 





	Stockholders Voting Rights and Proxies









	 



	20.




	Subject to the Articles of Incorporation, each Stockholder will be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by that Stockholder.



	 



	21.




	Each Stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of Stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for that Stockholder by proxy, but no proxy will be valid after 6 months from the date of its execution unless the proxy provides for a longer period.



	 



	22.




	Execution of a proxy may be accomplished by the Stockholder or by the authorized Officer, Director, employee or agent of the Stockholder, signing the writing or causing that person's signature to be affixed to the writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature.



	 



	23.




	A duly executed proxy will be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock or an interest in the Corporation generally.
















	5










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Cumulative Voting









	 



	24.




	Stockholders may use cumulative voting elections when electing Directors.



	 





	BOARD OF DIRECTORS









	 





	General Powers









	 



	25.




	The business and affairs of the Corporation will be managed by or under the direction of the Board.



	 





	Number, Tenure and Quorum









	 



	26.




	The Board will consist of one member, who will be a natural person. Directors need not be Stockholders. The Director will hold office until that Director's successor is elected and qualified or until that Director's earlier resignation or removal. Any Director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. In order to transact business at a meeting of the Directors, a quorum of 1 percent of the total number of Directors eligible to vote will be required. The vote of the majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be the act of the Board.



	 





	Regular Meetings









	 



	27.




	By resolution, the Board may provide the time and place, either within or without the State of Nevada, for the holding of regular meetings without any notice other than that resolution.



	 





	Special Meetings





	 



	28.




	Special meetings of the Board may be called by or at the request of the President or by a majority of the Directors. The person or persons calling that special meeting of the Board may fix any date, time or place, either within or without the State of Nevada, to be the date, time and place for holding that special meeting.







	 






	 















	6










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Notice









	 



	29.




	Written notice of the date, time, and place of a special meeting of the Board will be given at least 0 days prior to the date set for that meeting. The written notice can be given personally, by mail, by private carrier, by telegraph, by telephone facsimile, or by any other manner as permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 78. The notice will be given by the Secretary or one of the persons authorized to call Directors' meetings.



	 



	30.




	If written notice is mailed, correctly addressed to a Director's address as provided in the Corporation's current records, the notice will be deemed to have been given to that Director at the time of mailing. If written notice is sent by private carrier or if the written notice is sent by United States mail, postage prepaid and by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, the notice will be deemed to have been given to a Director on the date shown on the return receipt. Otherwise notice is effective when received by a Director.



	 



	31.




	Notice of any Directors' meeting may be waived by a Director before or after the date and time of the meeting. The waiver must be in writing, must be signed by a Director, and must be delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records. The attendance of a Director at a meeting of the Board will constitute a waiver of notice of that meeting except where a Director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully convened.



	 





	Action by Directors Without a Meeting





	 



	32.




	Any action to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee of the Board may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent to it in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board, or committee. This filing will be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and will be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.







	 






	 















	7










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	Remote Communication Meetings









	 



	33.




	Remote communication means any electronic communication including conference telephone, video conference, the Internet, or any other method currently available or developed in the future by which Directors not present in the same physical location may simultaneously communicate with each other.



	 



	34.




	A meeting of the Board may be held by any means of remote communication by which all persons authorized to vote or take other action at the meeting can hear each other during the meeting and each person has a reasonable opportunity to participate. This remote participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting.



	 





	OFFICERS









	 





	Appointment of Officers









	 



	35.




	The Officers of the Corporation (individually the "Officer" and collectively the "Officers") will consist of the President, a treasurer (the "Treasurer") and the Secretary.



	 



	36.




	The Officers will be appointed by the Board at the first meeting of the Directors or as soon after the first meeting of the Directors as possible, if Officers have not already been appointed. Any appointee may hold one or more offices.



	 





	Term of Office









	 



	37.




	Each Officer will hold office until a successor is duly appointed and qualified or until the Officer's death or until the Officer resigns or is removed as provided in these Bylaws.



	 





	Removal









	 



	38.




	Any Officer or agent appointed by the Board or by the Incorporators may be removed by the Board at any time with or without cause, provided, however, any contractual rights of that person, if any, will not be prejudiced by the removal.









	 















	8










	 Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.







	 










	AMENDMENTS









	 





	By Shareholders









	 



	39.




	 These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting stock issued and outstanding at any regular or special meeting of the shareholders.



	 





	By Directors









	 



	40.




	 The Board of Directors shall have the power to make alter, amend and repeal the Bylaws of this corporation. However any such alteration, amendment, or repeal of the Bylaws, may be changed or repealed by the holders of a majority of the stock entitled to vote at any shareholders meeting.



	 


	 




	 



	Date Bylaws Adopted: February 29, 2016.





	 



	Director:



	 




	/s/ Suneetha Sudusinghe                                   




	.





	                                             (Signature)





	 




	 















	9










	Bylaws of



	Geant Corp.


















	 




	 



	August 8, 2016





	 




	 



	Board of Directors




	Geant Corp.




	Irukupalem 2/56




	Guntur 522403 India





	 




	Re:          Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Geant Corp.








	 



	Dear Directors:





	 



	You have requested our opinion as counsel for Geant Corp., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), in connection with the filing of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), on or about the date hereof, as to the legality of


	2,000,000


	shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, offered by the Company in a direct primary offering (the “Shares”).





	 



	We have made such legal examination and inquiries as we have deemed advisable or necessary for the purpose of rendering this opinion and have examined originals or copies of the Registration Statement; the Articles of Incorporation and any amendments thereto; the Bylaws and any amendments thereto; the Company’s resolutions of the Board of Directors authorizing the issuance of shares and the registration described above; and such other corporate documents and matters as we have deemed necessary to render our opinion.  In our examinations, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, photostatic, or conformed copies and the authenticity of the originals of all such latter documents.





	 



	The opinions set forth herein are limited to matters governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, including applicable statutory provisions, applicable provisions of the Nevada Constitution, and reported judicial decisions interpreting those laws. Our opinion is based on these laws as in effect on the date hereof and as of the effective date of the Registration Statement, and we assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion after the effective date of the Registration Statement should the law be changed by legislative action, judicial decision, or otherwise.





	 



	Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that the


	2,000,000


	shares of common stock being offered by the Company and which are being registered in the Registration Statement have been duly authorized, and when distributed and sold in the manner referred to in the Registration Statement will be legally issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.





	 



	We hereby consent to t


	he discussion in the Registration Statement of this opinion, to t


	he filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, to the references to our firm under the caption “Interest of Named Experts and Counsel,”


	and to all references made to us elsewhere in the Registration Statement and in the Prospectus forming a part thereof.





	 



	Sincerely,





	 



	HARRISON LAW, P.A.





	 




	/s/Diane J. Harrison





	Diane J. Harrison









	 








	VERBAL AGREEMENT








	 



	1. Parties:




	The Parties are Geant Corp. (the “Company”), and the


	president and treasurer of




	Geant Corp. Suneetha Sudusinghe (the “President) has conducted this Verbal (the “Agreement”).





	 



	2. Date of the Agreement: March 1, 2016.





	 



	3. Breakdown of the Agreement:




	President has agreed to loan to the Company needed funds, in the amount up to $50,000 USD (the “Loan”), which is necessary for the Form S-1 Registration Statement filing process and further operations and expanses.



	 



	4. In the event that if the Company needs more then the Loan, it must be certified by written.





	 



	5. The Loan is unsecured and does not hold up under any interest. The Loan does not have the repayment date and other provisions.





	 




	 








	 










	GOODS SALES AGREEMENT










	 




	 




	 



	This Goods Sales Agreement is made on May 30, 2016 by and between




	Geant Corp.




	(The “Seller”) with its principal place of business at




	Irukupalem 2/56, Guntur 522403 India








	and




	Elpaper Market Ltd.




	, (The “Buyer”) with its principal place of business at




	173/1 Nowfer Mawatha China Fort Beruwala, 12070 Shri Lanka




	, (The “Parties”) for the purchase of the goods described below (“Goods”):





	 








	Format, A series paper








	Size of the paper








	Price, INR








	Price, USD












	mm × mm








	in × in








	From








	To








	From








	To









	A1







	594 × 841








	23.4 × 33.1








	134.5








	403.5








	2.00








	6.00









	A2







	420 × 594








	16.5 × 23.4








	67.5








	202.5








	1.00








	3.00









	A3







	297 × 420








	11.7 × 16.5








	135








	101.25








	0.50








	1.50











	 



	Variation of the price ranges depends on the paper design and style, which the Buyer will specify in Purchase order. The Purchase order should be provided 30 days in advance.





	 






	 




	TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT






	 



	           This Agreement shall begin on May 30, 2016, and the end upon last order, unless the Parties agree otherwise. The Buyer agreed to order the above-mentioned goods under the terms of this Agreement at least for the amount of $4,000. The total amount of the Agreement can be increased by agreement between the Parties.





	 




	DELIVERY/ ACCEPTANCE






	 



	The Buyer agreed to accept the Goods at the Seller’s place of production. The Buyer will give the Seller 30 days’ advance notice regarding the quantity and design of the ordered paper. Upon receipt of the request for acceptance Goods, the Seller will arrange the Goods and prepare them for acceptance by the Buyer at the Seller’s place.





	 




	RISK OF LOSS








	 



	The risk of loss from any casualty to the Goods, regardless of the cause, will be the responsibility of the Buyer once the Buyer has accepted the goods.





	 






	 






	 



	Agreement for Sale of Goods page 1 of 2







	 






	 






	 





	 

	 








	ACCEPTANCE








	 



	The Buyer will have the right to inspect the Goods, The Buyer must give writing notice to the Seller of any claim for damages on account of condition, quality, or grade of the goods, and the Buyer must specify the basis of the claim in detail. Failure of the Buyer to comply with these conditions will constitute irrevocable acceptance of the goods by the Buyer.





	 




	CHARGES








	 



	The Buyer shall provide Purchase Order to the Seller upon and for each order. The Buyer has the right to pay charges in advance for whole or part order, unless the Parties agree otherwise.





	 




	WARRANTY








	 



	The Seller warrants that the goods sold hereunder are new and free from substantive defects. The Seller's liability under the foregoing warranty is limited to replacement of goods or refund of the purchase price at the Seller's sole option. The Seller makes no other warranty, express or implied.





	 




	FORCE MAJEURE








	 



	The Seller may, without liability, delay performance or cancel this Agreement on account of force majeure events or other circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited to, strikes, acts of God, political unrest, terrorism, embargo, failure of source of supply, or casualty.





	 




	MISCELLANEOUS








	 



	This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes and replaces all such prior agreements with respect to matters expressly set forth herein. No modification shall be made to this Agreement except in writing and signed by the both Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and personal representatives.





	 




	IN WITNESS WHEREOF



	, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.





	 









	Signatures and initials of the authorized person, representing the Seller:





	 




	 




	 



	/s/


	Suneetha Nandana Silva Sudusinghe


	 




	Geant Corp.





	 




	 





	Signatures and initials of the authorized person, representing the Buyer:





	 




	 




	 



	/s/ Hilma Nirism Shinoa




	 Elpaper Market Ltd.





	 









	 



	Agreement for Sale of Goods page 2 of 2









	 








	PURCHASE AGREEMENT








	 



	This Agreement dated this 18th day of April, 2016 between 3B Industrial Machines, a


	Henan Sheng


	corporation whose address is 118-796 Jie Fang Lu, Weidu Qu, Xuchang Shi 461000, hereinafter (the “Seller”) and Geant Corp. incorporated, a Nevada corporation, whose address is Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070 hereinafter (the “Buyer”) for the purposes herein stated.





	 



	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:





	 



	1.


	     


	AGREEMENT:  The “Seller” hereby sells, conveys and transfers to the “Buyer” all rights, title and unto the machinery, equipment, hereinafter referred to collectively as equipment, described in the attached as Schedule I.





	 



	2.


	     


	“AS IS” CONDITION OF EQUIPMENT:  The “Seller” makes no warranties unto the “Buyer” for the sale of the equipment and all equipment described herein is sold in its “as is” condition.





	 



	3.


	     


	DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE:


	The equipment will be deemed received by the “Buyer” when delivered to the “Buyer” at


	Kiranthidiya road 114, Beruwala, Sri Lanka, 12070


	. The method of shipment will be 



	door-to-door shipment



	, from the warehouse of the “Seller” to the place of delivery of the “Buyer”, specified as DDP (Delivered duty paid) in accordance to Incoterms (International Commercial Terms 2010, CC. Retrieved March 14, 2014). The “Seller” will be responsible for all shipping services until the goods will be deemed received by the “Buyer”.





	 



	Upon acceptance by the “Buyer” of the equipment, which acceptance shall be identified by the “Seller” taking possession of the equipment, such acceptance shall acknowledge that the equipment is in good order and condition and that the “Buyer” is satisfied with same and that the “Seller” has made no representation or warranty, expressed or implied, with respect to such item of equipment.  All equipment is sold in an “as is” condition.





	 



	4.


	     


	PURCHASE PAYMENTS:


	The “Buyer” will pay to the “Seller” the sum in USD currency, which will be specified in the invoice to each order of the equipment by the “Buyer”. The “Buyer” has the right to pay owned amount to the “Seller” in parts.





	 



	The “Buyer” will make payment by wire transfer for the equipment at the time when the equipment is received by the “Buyer” or, in the alternative, when any document of title or registrable Bill of Sale of the equipment, bearing any necessary endorsement, is tendered to the “Buyer”.





	 



	5.


	     


	MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR:  All maintenance and repair costs to the equipment shall be paid by the “Buyer” is hereby relieved from any responsibility to maintain or repair said equipment, all said equipment being sold in an “as is” condition.







	 







	 

	 








	 



	6.


	     


	FORCE MAJEURE: The “Seller” may, without liability, delay performance or cancel this Agreement on account of force majeure events or other circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited to, strikes, acts of God, political unrest, terrorism, embargo, failure of source of supply, or casualty.





	 



	7.


	     


	MISCELLANEOUS: This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes and replaces all such prior agreements with respect to matters expressly set forth herein. No modification shall be made to this Agreement except in writing and signed by the both Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and personal representatives.





	 



	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.





	 




	The “Seller”:






	 



	/s/



	Zung Ozim Ching



	____________________________




	Signature





	 




	Zung Ozim Ching______________________________





	3B Industrial Machines (Initials of the authorized person)



	 




	The “Buyer”:






	 



	/s/_



	­Suneetha Sudusinghe



	_________________________




	Signature





	 




	­Suneetha Sudusinghe____________________________





	Geant Corp. (Initials of the authorized person)










	 






	 

	 










	 






	 




	Schedule I






	Equipment List




	 




	 





	Assets:



	 







	№






	Name






	Amount








	1.


	   


	 






	Hollander beater machine






	1 unit








	2.


	   


	 






	Stainless steel drum






	1 unit








	3.


	   


	 






	Plastic barrel drum






	3 unit








	4.


	   


	 






	HDPE Construction Debris Netting






	50 sqm








	5.


	   


	 






	Color powder






	Red






	5 kg








	Blue






	5 kg








	Yellow






	5 kg








	6.


	   


	 






	Scrap paper






	2000 kg








	7.


	   


	 






	Firewood






	2000 kg










	 




	 




	 


	 















	GEORGE STEWART, CPA




	316 17

	TH

	AVENUE SOUTH




	SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98144




	(206) 328-8554 FAX(206) 328-0383





	 




	 




	 



	To Whom It May Concern:





	 



	The firm of George Stewart, Certified Public Accountant consents to the inclusion of our report on the Financial Statements of Geant Corp. as of May  31, 2016, in any filings that are necessary now or in the near future with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission.





	 



	We also consent to the reference to us under the heading “Experts” in this registration statement.





	 




	 



	Very truly yours,





	 




	 




	 



	/S/ George Stewart





	 



	George Stewart, CPA





	 




	 




	 



	August 8, 2016





	 








	 








	SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT






	 



	The undersigned subscriber ("Subscriber") has received and carefully read the Common Stock offering (the “Common Stock”) of




	GEANT CORP.





	,



	which sets forth the terms and conditions of the offering (“Offering”) of up to $2,000,000 of shares of Common Stock at a price of $0.04 per share.  The Company may reduce or increase the size of the offering in its own discretion. This means that the Company may allocate to you a smaller number of Shares than you subscribed to purchase.




	You irrevocably submit this Agreement for the purchase of___________ Shares at $0.04 per Share. With this Agreement, you also submit payment in the amount of $_________ ($0.04 per Share) for the Shares subscribed.





	 



	The undersigned acknowledges that he has received a copy of the prospectus of the Company, dated _____________________, 201__ filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“Prospectus”) with respect to the offer and sale of the shares of stock being purchased. The undersigned is not relying on the Company or its affiliates with respect to economic considerations involved in this investment, but has relied solely on its own advisors.





	 



	The undersigned further acknowledges that although the shares of common stock being purchased from the Company are registered securities under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, there may be restrictions on the resale of the shares imposed by the particular state law where the undersigned resides or in a jurisdiction outside of the United States. Accordingly, the undersigned will not offer to sell or sell the Shares in any jurisdiction unless the undersigned obtains all required consents, if any.





	 



	If you are interested in purchasing shares ("Shares") of the common stock (the "Common Stock") of




	GEANT CORP.




	(the "Company"), you must complete this Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement");





	 




	Individual(s) Registration:




	 



	_________________________________________                                            




	Investor (name surname)                                                       





	 



	_________________________________________             




	Street (residence address)                 





	 



	_________________________________________                                                                                                               




	City                    Zip                      Country





	 




	 



	                                                                                                                                   




	_________________________________                                




	Signature                                                            




	               




	_________________________________                




	Date 




	                                                                                                   





	ACCEPTED BY






	GEANT CORP.







	.






	                          (Company’s Name)





	 



	By:



	/s/Suneetha Sudusinghe                           




	.



	                                Date:______________________________




	                     


	(Signature)


	)





	 



	Title:



	President                                                   

















	1












	 







