



Leadership – The Water Council







































 



 





 


The Water Council's Leadership
A Cross-section of Leaders Representing All Aspects of the Water Cycle





        Board of Directors    







CO-CHAIR
Rich Meeusen
President/CEO/Chairman, Badger Meter, Inc.
Rich Meeusen is chairman, president and chief executive officer of Badger Meter, Inc, a Milwaukee-based company that is a leading manufacturer and marketer of flow measurement solutions, with a primary focus on the water industry. He co-founded The Water Council in 2007 (formally incorporated in 2009) and currently co-chairs the organization’s board of directors. Rich is a pioneer of the water industry and has received many awards, most notably, the 2010 Business Leader of the Year award from the Harvard Business School Club of Wisconsin.


CO-CHAIR
Paul Jones
Retired Executive Chairman, A.O. Smith Corporation
Paul Jones is the retired chairman, chief executive officer and president of A.O. Smith Corporation, (AOS-NYSE), a leading global supplier of water heaters and water treatment products for residential, commercial, and industrial applications with headquarters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The company, with annual revenues of $2.0 billion, employs approximately 11,400 people and has operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, England, The Netherlands, China and India. Paul co-founded The Water Council and currently holds a seat on the board of Rexnord Corporation.


TREASURER
Julia Taylor
President, Greater Milwaukee Committee
Julia Taylor was appointed as the first woman president of the Greater Milwaukee Committee in December 2002. The GMC fosters public-private partnerships and is a catalyst for economic revitalization, education and quality of life. Of particular interest to the GMC is promoting collaboration on regional issues and opportunities.


Todd Adams
President & CEO, Rexnord Corporation
Todd Adams serves as the chief executive officer and president at Rexnord Industries, LLC, a leading worldwide industrial company with approximately 8,000 employees worldwide. Todd has been the chief executive officer and president of RBS Global Inc., Rexnord Corporation and Rexnord Holdings, Inc. since September 11, 2009 and its subsidiary Rexnord LLC since September 14, 2009.


Kirk Allen
President & CEO, Sloan Valve Company
Kirk Allen is the president and chief executive officer of Sloan Valve Company, a 105 year-old family owned commercial plumbing products manufacturer in Franklin Park, Illinois. In 1992 Kirk established the joint venture office between Sloan Valve Company and Moen Faucet in Mexico, which has provided one of Sloan’s largest export markets.


Tom Barrett
Mayor, City of Milwaukee
Tom Barrett was elected Milwaukee’s 40th Mayor in 2004, and won reelection with more than 70% of the vote in both 2008 and 2012. Mayor Barrett continues to boost the City’s economy by working with businesses to create family-supporting jobs, help spur local development and provide assistance to Milwaukee’s entrepreneurs. He creates hope in the lives of young people with workforce initiatives such as his Earn & Learn program which, to date, has placed more than 22,000 students in summer jobs.


Steve Booth
President & CEO, Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.
Steve Booth is president and chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Baird Financial Group and affiliated entities including Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated. Steve joined Baird’s Investment Banking group in 1994, went on to lead its Industrial and Global M&A teams and, in 2004, became head of Investment Banking, a position he held until January 2014. Over his investment banking career at Baird, Steve helped shape and implement strategies enabling Baird to become a leader in middle-market M&A and equity financing that now leverages more than 250 bankers across its global platform. Steve was named Chief Operating Officer of Baird in early 2013, became President & COO in 2014 and President & CEO in 2016.


Preston Cole
Commissioner, Department of Neighborhood Services, City of Milwaukee
Member, Wisconsin Natural Resources Board
Preston D. Cole holds a senior level appointed position as Director of Operations for the City of Milwaukee Department of Public Works. This position acts as the Deputy Commissioner of Public Works. His span of control covers approximately 2400 employees, $300 million O&M and Enterprise budgets, along with a $108 million capital budget. Additionally, Preston serves on the Wisconsin Natural Resources Board, which sets state policy for the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources regarding, Forestry, Fisheries, Wildlife, Air, Water, and Stewardship programs.


Glen Daigger
President, One Water Solutions LLC
Dr. Glen Daigger was formerly senior vice president and chief technology officer for CH2M HILL where he was employed for 32 years. Glen is a recognized expert in wastewater treatment, especially the use of biological processes, and is the past-president of the International Water Association. As the author or co-author of more than 100 technical papers, four books, and several technical manuals, Glen has contributed to advancing practice within our profession.


Katherine M. Gehl
Katherine M. Gehl is an American business leader and policy activist. Katherine was the fourth-generation President and CEO of her family owned company, Gehl Foods, Inc. where she led the company’s aggressive growth strategy. In 2010, Katherine was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and was confirmed by the US Senate in October 2011. Katherine is on the board of the Marcus Corporation, The Centrist Project, The Water Council, The La Follette Board of Visitors, Gehl Foods, The Milwaukee Repertory Theater and a former board member of The Joffrey Ballet, Public Allies, the Faye Gehl Conservation Foundation and the Golden Apple Foundation. She graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1988 and holds an MA in education from the Catholic University of America and an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management.


Mary Jean Huston
State Director, The Nature Conservancy
Mary Jean Huston is the director of the Nature Conservancy in Wisconsin where she leads and manages the Conservancy’s state program. The organization has conserved 160,000 acres (64,000 hectares) of Wisconsin’s most ecologically important lands and waters. Mary’s recent accomplishments include a 64,000 acre (25,000 hectares) forest project, a $31.7 million conservation campaign, and launch of the North America Regional Initiative of the Alliance for Water Stewardship based out of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Dennis Klein
CD Smith Construction
Dennis Klein is the chairman of KBS Construction, a Milwaukee-based company responsible for more than $1 billion in Milwaukee and Madison real estate projects over the past 15 years. Projects include the Global Water Center headquarters, Cathedral Place and extensive renovation and historic preservation projects at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, Marquette University and the historic Marriott Hotel in downtown Milwaukee. As president and owner of Klein Development, Inc., Dennis developed the GE Medical Education Center in Pewaukee and Landmark on the Lake.


Michael Lovell
President, Marquette University
Dr. Michael Lovell is the 24th president of Marquette University and the first lay president in the university’s 134-year history. Prior to joining Marquette in July 2014, he was the chancellor of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and earlier was the dean of its College of Engineering and Applied Science. Prior to coming to Milwaukee in 2008, Michael held leadership and faculty positions at the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Kentucky. He earned three degrees, all in mechanical engineering and including his PhD, from the University of Pittsburgh.


John Matthews
Principal, Matthews Strategic Services, LLC
John Matthews operates Matthews Strategic Services and is chief strategy officer for American Gene Technologies in Rockville, Maryland. John was global senior executive at Diversey Inc. from 2002 until late 2011. At Diversey, now a part of Sealed Air, he was chief of staff to the president and CEO and senior vice president for strategy, corporate affairs and sustainability. Prior to joining Diversey, John led the national Public Affairs Practice Group for the Foley & Lardner law firm, serving a diverse set of clients.


Mark Mone
Chancellor, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
Dr. Mark Mone was named the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee’s ninth Chancellor on December 15, 2014. A Professor of Management in the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Lubar School of Business, Mark also served UWM as the Chancellor’s Designee for Strategic Planning and Campus Climate from 2011-2014. In that role he worked with campus senior leadership, governance groups, and all stakeholders to develop the University’s 2020 strategic plan, and campus-level programs to improve the organizational climate.

Puon Penn
Executive Vice President/Co-Head, Technology Banking Group, Wells Fargo
Puon Penn is Executive Vice President/Co-Head of Wells Fargo’s Technology Banking Group which assists innovative companies focused on advancing new technologies and business models to solve some of the most complex problems facing humanity. Puon started Wells Fargo’s Global CleanTech Group in 2009 to provide expertise, financial services, and resources to help companies focused on decreasing the use of fossil fuels, fertilizers, industrial chemicals, and other activities that cause greenhouse gas emissions or other harmful environmental effects. Wells Fargo financed over $50 billion for green business, renewable energy projects, green buildings, and clean energy customers from 2005 to 2012.


Kevin Shafer
Executive Director, Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District
Kevin Shafer is the executive director of the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District, a regional government agency that provides water reclamation and flood management services for about 1.1 million people in 28 communities in the Greater Milwaukee Area, and is responsible for its overall administration, leadership, and direction. Kevin previously worked in private industry and for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. He holds degrees in civil engineering and is a past president of the National Association of Clean Water Agencies.


Jim Stern
Executive Vice President, A.O. Smith Corporation
Jim Stern joined A.O. Smith Corporation as executive vice president, general counsel, and secretary on June 1, 2007. He is responsible for overseeing the corporation’s legal, governance, compliance, securities law, and government relations functions. Jim currently serves on the Board of Directors of Jason Industries, Inc. and currently services on a number of charitable boards, including the Archdiocese of Milwaukee and Fleck Foundation. He also served as a Board Member of Polar Ware Company, a privately‐held manufacturer of restaurant wares and beverage dispensing machines from 2007 until its sale in 2012.

Deon van As
Vice President, Global Supply Chain Excellence, MolsonCoors
Deon began his career in South Africa working for SAB Limited in Johannesburg. In 2005, Deon relocated to join SABMiller in the USA. From 2009-2013 he led the development of a collaborative enterprise, consumer-led, demand-driven value chain strategy; commercialized new product innovation initiatives; led the development and implementation of a manufacturing strategy; and was responsible for contract brewing operational leadership of raw material manufacturing plants. In 2013 Deon was appointed as VP of Technical & Packaging Services to head up engineering; capital; environment, health and safety; and technical excellence for MillerCoors. In 2016 he was appointed as VP of Supply Chain Excellence for the newly created MolsonCoors.




	Back to top 

 





        Team    







Dean Amhaus
President & CEO
Dean has served as the president and CEO of The Water Council since March 2010. His diverse, thirty-year background in multiple sectors encapsulates a wide-range of expertise in government relations, branding, fundraising, economic development and non-profit management in Washington, D.C. and Madison, Wisconsin. Dean has also served as the president of The Spirit of Milwaukee which is dedicated to enhancing Milwaukee’s image, as well as the president of Forward Wisconsin, the state’s economic development organization, and executive director of the Wisconsin Sesquicentennial Commission.

Colin Flanner
Intern & Student Chapter Liaison
Colin started with The Water Council as a high school intern in 2014 and has grown to serve The Water Council team in assisting with various projects: from database projects and assisting at events, to building tours and helping coordinate talent-related activities. As Student Chapter Liaison, Colin serves as the point of contact between The Water Council and our network of student chapters. Colin is studying Urban Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and is the Professional Development Coordinator for the School of Freshwater Sciences’ Student Water Council.

Karen Frost
VP Business Development
Karen is responsible for program development, implementation and oversight of The Water Council’s U.S. Small Business Administration Regional Innovation Cluster Contract. She is an experienced program/project/grant manager and strong relationship builder and collaborator with the small business community, project partners and funders. She runs The Water Council’s Small Business Channel to promote the growth and development of small businesses operating in the water technology sector in the Great Lakes and Midwest regions; and expanding throughout the U.S. Karen brings prior experience in program management, grant management and marketing and holds a degree in Business Marketing.

Dr. David Garman
CTO
David leads The Water Council’s research and commercialization initiatives, while continuing his role as associate vice chancellor for water technology research and development at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee (UWM). At UWM, he is responsible for strategic water visioning, stimulating interdisciplinary research and translation of research for industry, major funding acquisition in this area, and new water technology development. Previously serving as president and chairman of the International Water Association, David now serves as a director for them. He is also founding dean of UWM’s School of Freshwater Sciences. Dr. Garman’s career has covered the full range of environmental management—from water resources and pollution control, to commercialization of new environmental technologies.

Monica Hermanson
Event Coordinator
Monica leads the logistical coordination and execution of The Water Council’s events, including member meetings, Water Leaders Summit, Wisconsin Pavilion at WEFTEC, and other monthly networking events. She plans events that showcase the work of members and aims to highlight the expanding programming focused on business development for member companies. Monica has a B.A. in Communicative Arts: Public Relations from Wisconsin Lutheran College; she brings prior experience in public relations, communications, and event coordination.

Matt Howard
VP Alliance for Water Stewardship – North America
Matt oversees The Water Council’s sustainability and stewardship initiatives which focus on rolling out the Alliance for Water Stewardship’s International Water Stewardship Standard in North America. Matt has ten years in sustainability program development and management including five years as Milwaukee’s Sustainability Director. Matt came to Milwaukee from Washington, DC where he worked at the U.S. Department of Commerce and spent time as a staffer in the U.S. House of Representatives. He has an MA from George Washington University and a BA from Valparaiso University. He is a LEED and Lean Six Sigma accredited professional and currently serves on the EPA’s National Advisory Council on Environmental Policy and Technology.

Amy Jensen
CFO & COO
Amy oversees the financial and operational activities of The Water Council, bringing over twenty years of non-profit management experience to her role. She is a CPA and earned her MBA from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. Amy was recognized as a “CFO of the Year” by the Business Journal of Greater Milwaukee in 2008. She is currently a member of Rotary, Tempo, the AICPA, the WICPA and has served on the boards of Tempo, Milwaukee Youth Symphony Orchestra, and Historic Third Ward Association.

Meghan Jensen
VP Marketing & Communications
Meghan leads The Water Council’s strategic marketing platform including branding, public relations, global communications, annual Summit, events, and membership. One of Meghan’s early accomplishments was her leadership in the development of a proposal to the U.S. Small Business Administration for a Regional Innovation Cluster contract, which TWC received in 2014. Meghan also led the re-brand, from the development of an award-winning website to an overhaul of its membership program. She came to the team in 2013 having worked with the Singapore-Delft Water Alliance, Badger Meter, and Alliant Energy Center. Meghan has an MBA in Marketing & Management from the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, where she developed the first Water Council Student Chapter and grew the model to other universities in the state.

Angela May
Executive Assistant & Office Manager
Angela is responsible for supporting Dean Amhaus, President & CEO, with day-to-day tasks and projects within The Water Council. Angela also serves as the Office Manager, assisting with the operations and aiding in tenant services for the Global Water Center. Angela joined The Water Council in late 2013, after two years as the Executive Assistant with another Milwaukee-based non-profit. She graduated from Marquette University in 2010 with a B.A. in Criminology & Law and double-minor in Psychology and Human Resources.
 

Isaiah Perez
Membership Manager
Isaiah coordinates and conducts the membership experience for The Water Council and serves as the point of contact for current members, future member organizations, and anyone interested in learning more about our work. He utilizes his writing skills in pursuit of grant and award opportunities to build and support additional programming initiatives. Isaiah began his career with The Water Council as a marketing intern, assisting with the grand opening of the Global Water Center and helping to organize Milwaukee Water Week in 2013. Since then his role has evolved from communications to development and membership.


Elizabeth Thelen
Director of Entrepreneurship & Talent
Elizabeth comes to The Water Council with a wealth of experience in leading, supporting and driving business goals for over twenty years. Known as the “BREW Master,” she leads the BREW Accelerator, Pilot Program, Talent Campaign, and overall mission of growing the water generation. She has a Master’s Degree in Industrial / Organizational Psychology from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh, numerous certifications in business and leadership courses, and is a Board Trustee at Waukesha County Technical College.

Dylan Waldhuetter
Graduate Intern for Alliance for Water Stewardship – North America
Dylan is responsible for the implementation of the AWS International Water Stewardship Standard at the Global Water Center through his Graduate Internship with the Alliance for Water Stewardship – North America. Once Dylan completes the implementation, the Global Water Center will become the first commercial building in the world to effectively implement the AWS Standard. Dylan graduated with a BBA in Water Science/Business from University of Wisconsin-Whitewater and is currently pursuing an M.S. in Water Policy and Management at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee’s School of Freshwater Sciences.




	Back to top 

 





        Hear From Leadership    





 “We have an opportunity to develop technologies that can help save lives and solve the world’s water problems.”
– Rich Meeusen, Co-Chair of The Water Council










	Back to top 

 







News - July 21st 2017


				Badger Meter Posts Record Profit, Revenue in Q2			






Events - August 9th 2017


			Global Water Port Demo via Webinar		


 


Blog - July 10th 2017


				ChuZhou Delegation Closes Visit by Signing MOU With The Water Council			












 



 
















Katherine M Gehl - Hartland, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Katherine M Gehl in Hartland, WI


Katherine M Gehl

                                                                                       Intelius found that Katherine M Gehl  is  a female between 50 and 50 years old from Hartland, WI.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                16 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Katherine M Gehl is in her 50s

Katherine Has Lived In

Hartland, WI
Chicago, IL
New York, NY

Katherine's Relatives

Paul Gehl
Faye Gehl
Andrew Gehl
John Gehl







Katherine M Gehl



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Board of Governors Member at Leadership Directories Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Katherine? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Katherine, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Katherine M Gehl
Get a Criminal Check on Katherine M Gehl
Get a Public Record Report on Katherine M Gehl
Get a People Search Report on Katherine M Gehl


Katherine M Gehl's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Katherine M Gehl has lived as well as Katherine M Gehl's phone numbers and email addresses.




Katherine M Gehl Has Lived in 5 States
Wisconsin Address for Katherine M Gehl


5721 S**** R* 

Hartland, WI


Has Lived In

Hartland, WI
Chicago, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Katherine M Gehl

() ***-**** - Hartland, WI 
(262) ***-**** - Hartland, WI 
(262) ***-**** - Nashotah, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Katherine M Gehl

k***l@***.org
k***l@***.com


Get Email Report




Katherine M Gehl's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Katherine M Gehl's academic history.  Find out which schools Katherine M Gehl attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Katherine M Gehl received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Katherine M Gehl Has Attended 2 Schools
Arrowhead High School 1980 – 1984                              
Swallow Elementary School               1972 – 1980                              


Katherine M Gehl's Professional Information
Information regarding Katherine M Gehl's professional history.  Find out previous places Katherine M Gehl has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Katherine M Gehl Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Leadership Directories Inc
               Title: Board of Governors Member
Company: Muckety LLC
               
Katherine M Gehl's Experience
Title: Board of Governors Member
               Company: Leadership Directories Inc
Job Details
               Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress. LDI's unique database of more than a million contacts and 150,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services.
Title: 
               Company: Muckety LLC
Job Details
               Muckety maps relations and measures influence allowing you to see the news by visually showing the connections between people, companies and organizations.
Additional Professional Information on Katherine M Gehl

 See Katherine M Gehl's LinkedIn Profile



Katherine M Gehl's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Katherine M Gehl


Katherine M Gehl's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Katherine M Gehl's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Katherine Gehl
Username Matches

                  KatherineGehl
                  GehlKatherine
                  Katherine.Gehl
                  Gehl.Katherine
                  Katherine_Gehl
                  Gehl_Katherine
                  Katherine-Gehl
                  Gehl-Katherine
                  KGehl
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Gehl







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 









Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO: Gehl Foods - YouTube 


 
  
























































 
 
 


 
            Try out a fresh look for YouTube. Learn more.
    
Close

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO: Gehl Foods
  



 










WisconsinEye













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from WisconsinEye?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe636 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript



Add translations

2,413 views




Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in








Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in















Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on May 2, 2014The second episode of Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO features Katherine M. Gehl, President & CEO of Gehl Foods. Located in Germantown, Wisconsin, Gehl Foods produces shelf-stable dairy products for a global market. Producing such brands as Gehl's Nacho Cheese Sauce and Gehl's Main Street Café Yogurt Smoothie, to name but two brands.Founded in 1886 by her grandfather, John P. Gehl, as a way to make better butter for the local market, Katherine now controls a business generating over $250 million in yearly revenue, employing over 300 people in four separate facilities, operating eleven production lines in over 800,000 square feet of space, and serving over 200,000 restaurant and food service customers. They also sell certain products at major retailers worldwide.In this episode Katherine takes Peter Harkin, our CEO from the previous show, on a tour of Gehl Foods. They discuss business issues including corporate culture, a labor skills gap and the effects marketplace changes have upon how a company remains successful. 



      Category
    

News & Politics




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






        Comments are disabled for this video.
      




















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Gehl's 2.0 Dispenser Training Video - English
  

     - Duration: 6:28.
  
Gehl's
3,143 views



6:28














    Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO: Badger Meter
  

     - Duration: 26:49.
  
WisconsinEye
2,165 views



26:49





    Gehl's HT2 Conversion
  

     - Duration: 3:51.
  
Gehl's
409 views



3:51





    Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO Menasha
  

     - Duration: 25:22.
  
WisconsinEye
1,558 views



25:22

 












19 videos
  








Play all
          



Fisher Price Laugh and LearnIke Mendoza



    12 Banker Suicides Linked to JP Morgan Investigation for Forex Manipulation
  

     - Duration: 17:05.
  
AMTV
159,023 views



17:05





    Trade Secrets | CEO to CEO: ManpowerGroup
  

     - Duration: 27:17.
  
WisconsinEye
2,173 views



27:17





    AFP advanced food products llc US Foods Sales Training - Cheese Sauce
  

     - Duration: 1:50.
  
advancedfoodproducts
232 views



1:50





    Newsmakers: Mayor Paul Soglin
  

     - Duration: 33:39.
  
WisconsinEye
3 views



33:39





    Gehl: No plans to run for Senate, governor in 2018
  

     - Duration: 2:20.
  
WISN 12 News
66 views



2:20





    A Wisconsin Family Farm
  

     - Duration: 6:13.
  
jeanpierre51
315,755 views



6:13





    Vanta-Wrap Around Case Packer, Using in Beer, Beverage Industry
  

     - Duration: 5:07.
  
Vanta
1,546 views



5:07





    Why Fairtrade?
  

     - Duration: 3:30.
  
Philip McMahon
157,161 views



3:30





    Gehl's HOT TOP2 Dual Nacho Cheese Dispenser Demonstration
  

     - Duration: 4:36.
  
GehlFoods
18,848 views



4:36





    Installation of Gehl's 2.0 Dispenser
  

     - Duration: 1:24.
  
Active Supply
668 views



1:24





    The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian
  

     - Duration: 3:23.
  
TheBanglesVEVO
27,336,273 views



3:23





    Gehl's HOT TOP2 Single Nacho Cheese or Chili Sauce Dispenser Demonstration
  

     - Duration: 4:56.
  
GehlFoods
11,323 views



4:56





    Alphapack 300 Shingled Gussetted Pouches Sugar Pick and Place Packer
  

     - Duration: 1:06.
  
Combi Packaging Systems LLC
2,517 views



1:06





    Saucy Mama Hot Wing Sauce Production Line
  

     - Duration: 1:20.
  
SaucyMamaCafe
1,781 views



1:20





    Unilever Manufacturing and Engineering Apprenticeship
  

     - Duration: 4:34.
  
Unilever
6,013 views



4:34




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 



Katherine Gehl
















		katherine gehl		


about
twitter 






about
A graduate of the University of Notre Dame, Katherine M. Gehl also holds a master’s degree in education from the Catholic University of America, and an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. As the President and CEO of Gehl Foods, she represents her family’s fourth generation of leadership of the nation’s largest producer of sterile, non-refrigerated dairy products. Since assuming her current position in 2011, Katherine Gehl has spearheaded an aggressive growth strategy which has brought the 200-employee company to nearly $250 million in annual sales.

In addition to her academic training, Katherine Gehl burnished her management skills in several key positions before assuming her present position. She spent more than five years in the 1990s as organizational development manager at Gehl Foods, learning the intricacies of the aseptic dairy products business from her father. She then moved to Chicago where she worked at the Oracle Corporation, first as internal training manager, and then as organizational development manager. Ms. Gehl left Oracle in 1998 for the Chicago Public School system, where she served as director of information technology services. In 2000, she joined the administration of Chicago Mayor Richard Daley, Jr., as special assistant to the mayor for technology and economic development.

A member of the Gehl Foods board of directors since 2000, Katherine Gehl became non-executive Chairman of the Board in 2004, and assumed her current position in 2011. She sits on the board of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, a position to which she was appointed in 2010 by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the US Senate. A member of the Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), Gehl is also a former member of the boards of the Joffrey Ballet and Public Allies.

In April 2013, Katherine was honored with two awards: The 2013 Milwaukee Business Journal Women of Influence and the Milwaukee BizTimes Bravo Entrepreneurship Award.		Please Enable Javascript To Navigate This Skrawlr Page!




katherine's tweets



More...




		Powered by Skrawlr.com. Create Your Page Now!
	
 



Katherine Gehl, Gehl Foods LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Katherine Gehl

Former President/CEO,
Gehl Foods LLC






Career History




President/CEO
Gehl Foods Inc, UNKNOWN-4/2015


Chairman
Gehl Foods Inc, 2007-9/2011









Website:
www.gehls.com






Corporate Information
Address:

North 116 West 15970
Main Street, PO Box 1004
Germantown, WI 53022
United States


Phone:
1-262-251-8572


Fax:
1-262-250-6847


Web url:
www.gehls.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Notre Dame
Graduated


Catholic University of America/The
Master's Degree, Education


Northwestern University
MBA


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Gehl Foods Inc


Board Member, 4/2015-PRESENT




Marcus Corp


Board Member, 1/2015-PRESENT




Gehl Foods Inc


Chairman, 2007-9/2011




Overseas Private Investment Corp


Board Member, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































  



Easy Online Resume Builder - Create or Upload Your Résumé

























































Katherine Gehl - Milwaukee, WI, Gehl Foods Inc., Bernstein Investment Research & Management, City of Chicago, Chicago Public Schools, Oracle, Northwestern University, The Catholic University of America, University of Notre Dame | about.meKatherine GehlMilwaukee, WIAs president & CEO at Gehl Foods, Inc., Katherine Gehl expresses her considerable business acumen in bringing about continued growth and development for the food manufacturing company, which was founded by her family in 1896. Katherine Gehl graduated from the University of Notre Dame and went on to obtain a master of business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, one of the foremost institutions of business learning in the United States.Ms. Gehl worked in management with Gehl Foods before accepting a position as director of organizational development with Oracle. Later, she worked as director of information technology services for Chicago Public Schools and as special assistant to the mayor for technology and economic development for Chicago.As a testament to her commitment to excellence in business. Ms. Gehl has received a number of awards and commendations throughout her career. Recently, she received a nomination from President Barack Obama, and was confirmed by the US Senate, to take a place on the board of directors for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. Furthermore, she was listed among the Who’s Who in Chicago Business.#katherinegehlWorkGehl Foods Inc.EducationNorthwestern UniversityThe Catholic University of AmericaUniversity of Notre Dame


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Katherine M. Gehl | Fortune.comKatherine M. GehlSearchSearch LATEST STORIES LeadershipWhy Politics Is Failing AmericaBeware the political–industrial complex. They rig the game for their benefit. The public interest is the loser. Here’s how to fix it. By nearly every measure, America’s political industry isMost Popular on FORTUNE1Why Google and Facebook Prove the Digital Ad Market Is a DuopolyWhy Google and Facebook Prove the Digital Ad Market Is a Duopoly2Wells Fargo May Have Charged 500,000 Clients for Unwanted InsuranceWells Fargo May Have Charged 500,000 Clients for Unwanted Insurance33 Things to Watch for at the Tesla Model 3 Launch Event3 Things to Watch for at the Tesla Model 3 Launch Event4Jeff Bezos Was the Richest Person in the World for a Few Hours. Then He Lost $6 Billion OvernightJeff Bezos Was the Richest Person in the World for a Few Hours. Then He Lost $6 Billion Overnight5Guess Who Just Became the World’s Biggest AutomakerGuess Who Just Became the World’s Biggest AutomakerCustomer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn




News on Katherine M. Gehl


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Katherine M. Gehl                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Katherine M. Gehl











Female participation on Wisconsin public company boards grows slowly but surely


                                October 11, 2016                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... Manitowoc Company Inc.Christine Cumming, American Family InsuranceLinda Fisher, S.C. Johnson & Son Inc.Katherine Gehl, West Bend Mutual Insurance Co.Trish Lukasik, Sargento Foods, Inc.Kim Metcalf-Kupres, Oshkosh ...
                                









No Labels: Milwaukee-area leaders tire of political gridlock


                                January 22, 2016                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... No Labels movement seeks bipartisan solutions to grow U.S. economy Katherine Gehl backed Barack Obama's presidential bid and worked for former Chicago Mayor ...
                                









High-profile local business execs joining No Labels bipartisan bandwagon


                                January 21, 2016                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... Madison. The ring leaders of the high-profile executive group include former Democrat Katherine Gehl, who is on the board at Gehl Foods in Germantown, and ...
                                









Risking the family fortune on the next generation: Milwaukee-area execs tell their stories


                                November 20, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... to just find someone with the last name of Dohmen," LaConte said. Katherine Gehl, Gehl Foods LLC In a family-owned business, family culture often equates ...
                                









Thinking of selling your family business? Learn from people who've been there


                                November 19, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... members are only one aspect of the stakeholders in the business, said Katherine Gehl, who sold Gehl Foods to Wind Point Partners in March. The ...
                                









Gehl makes donation: for Germantown pavilion


                                April 23, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Journal Sentinel (Wisconsin)                            


                                  ... such a great place to do business for over a century," said Katherine Gehl, former CEO of Gehl Foods. "The performance pavilion will be a ...
                                









Gehl gives parting gifts | $10,000 bonuses given: to full-time workers


                                April 16, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Journal Sentinel (Wisconsin)                            


                                  ... The day Gehl Foods in Germantown was sold, Chief Executive Katherine Gehl handed data-entry employee Samantha Larson an envelope. Larson figured it was ...
                                









Gehl Foods sold to Chicago firm, promising growth


                                April 2, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Journal Sentinel (Wisconsin)                            


                                  ... future growth and continued development of the business, according to former CEO Katherine Gehl. "We made the decision based on what the best way would ...
                                









Private equity firm acquires Gehl Foods | Germantown-based food-maker needed capital to maintain growth


                                March 27, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Journal Sentinel (Wisconsin)                            


                                  ... covering more than 800, 000 square feet in Germantown and West Bend. Katherine Gehl, the fourth generation of the Gehl family to lead the company, ...
                                









Gehl Foods sold to Chicago investment firm


                                March 27, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... to Wind Point Partners, a private equity investment firm based in Chicago. Katherine Gehl, the current CEO and president and part of the business's family ...
                                









Gehl Foods acquired by Wind Point Partners: Company's high-technology dairy business poised for continued growth


                                March 27, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... of aseptic dairy products, reported sales of nearly $250 million last year. Katherine Gehl, who returned to the company full-time in 2007 and succeeded her ...
                                









Marcus Corp. elects board member


                                January 7, 2015                                 • 
                                SNL Real Estate Daily                            


                                  ... Marcus Corp. elects board member Marcus Corp. said Jan. 6 that Katherine Gehl was elected to be a director of the company. Gehl, the ...
                                









Marcus Corp. appoints Gehl Foods CEO to board


                                January 6, 2015                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... Gehl Foods Inc. president and CEO Katherine Gehl will join the Marcus Corp. board, the company said Tuesday. Gehl, ...
                                









Katherine Gehl Elected to The Marcus Corporation Board


                                January 6, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... The Marcus Corporation (NYSE: MCS) today announced that Katherine Gehl, president and CEO of Gehl Foods, Inc., has been elected a ...
                                









Down the stretch: Burke, Walker push for business vote: As the Nov. 4 election for Wisconsin governor nears, candidates Mary Burke and Gov. Scott Walker are fighting for every vote in a seemingly tight race. How much will the business community impact the outcome?


                                October 24, 2014                                 • 
                                Milwaukee Business Journal                            


                                  ... are two prominent female CEOs: Cynthia LaConte of Dohmen in Milwaukee and Katherine Gehl of Gehl Foods Inc. in Germantown. They did not respond to ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Gehl Foods LLC







Alumni of University of Notre Dame







Katherine M. Gehl

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Katherine M. Gehl | OPIC : Overseas Private Investment Corporation































Skip to main content

Full functionality of this website requires JavaScript. Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.




Subscribe
Opic Blog
Contact Us
 







Menu



Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)


Subscribe
Opic Blog
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Instagram


















 











Katherine M. Gehl 

 







President and CEO
Gehl Foods, Inc.



Katherine Gehl was nominated to serve on OPIC’s Board of Directors by President Obama, and she was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in October, 2011.  Ms. Gehl is the fourth-generation President & CEO of her family-owned company, Gehl Foods, Inc. where she leads the company’s aggressive growth strategy.
Gehl, founded in 1896, is a food manufacturing company producing low-acid aseptic, shelf-stable dairy products such as cheese sauces, puddings, diet and health drinks.  The company is approaching $200 Million in sales and has approximately 300 employees.  In the 1990's, Ms. Gehl spent five and a half years in senior management at Gehl working alongside her father, the then-president of the company, before moving to Chicago.  Ms. Gehl has been a member of the board for fourteen years, and she returned to the company on a full-time basis in 2007.
Before returning to Gehl Foods, Inc., Ms. Gehl was a Vice President at Bernstein Investment Research and Management providing investment analysis and planning for private clients, foundations and endowments.  Prior to joining Bernstein in 2002, she was Special Assistant to Mayor Richard M. Daley for Technology and Economic Development where she was responsible for developing and overseeing the the Chicagoland New Economy Growth Strategy-a five year plan for economic development designed to spur job creation and income growth through technology.  In between her work at Gehl's and her work for the Mayor, Ms. Gehl served as Director of Information Technology Services at Chicago Public Schools and Director of Organizational Development at Oracle Corporation. 
Ms. Gehl is a former Board Member of The Joffrey Ballet and Public Allies and a current Board Member of the Faye Gehl Conservation Foundation.  She is also a member of The Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Club.  Ms. Gehl is a 2001 Leadership Greater Chicago Fellow and was named to Who's Who in Chicago Business and was honored with the prestigious Crain's Chicago Business "40 under 40, Chicago's Rising Stars" designation.
Ms. Gehl is a graduate from the University of Notre Dame and holds an MA in education from the Catholic University of America, and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management.









 






Overview
OPIC History
Frequently Asked Questions
Board of DirectorsBoard Meetings
Board Resolutions
Projects Pending Board Approval

Executive Staff
Our Investment Policies
Office of Accountability
Transparency
Information Quality Guidelines
Careers
 
































Katherine M. Gehl | OPIC : Overseas Private Investment Corporation































Skip to main content

Full functionality of this website requires JavaScript. Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.




Subscribe
Opic Blog
Contact Us
 







Menu



Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)


Subscribe
Opic Blog
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Instagram


















 











Katherine M. Gehl 

 







President and CEO
Gehl Foods, Inc.



Katherine Gehl was nominated to serve on OPIC’s Board of Directors by President Obama, and she was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in October, 2011.  Ms. Gehl is the fourth-generation President & CEO of her family-owned company, Gehl Foods, Inc. where she leads the company’s aggressive growth strategy.
Gehl, founded in 1896, is a food manufacturing company producing low-acid aseptic, shelf-stable dairy products such as cheese sauces, puddings, diet and health drinks.  The company is approaching $200 Million in sales and has approximately 300 employees.  In the 1990's, Ms. Gehl spent five and a half years in senior management at Gehl working alongside her father, the then-president of the company, before moving to Chicago.  Ms. Gehl has been a member of the board for fourteen years, and she returned to the company on a full-time basis in 2007.
Before returning to Gehl Foods, Inc., Ms. Gehl was a Vice President at Bernstein Investment Research and Management providing investment analysis and planning for private clients, foundations and endowments.  Prior to joining Bernstein in 2002, she was Special Assistant to Mayor Richard M. Daley for Technology and Economic Development where she was responsible for developing and overseeing the the Chicagoland New Economy Growth Strategy-a five year plan for economic development designed to spur job creation and income growth through technology.  In between her work at Gehl's and her work for the Mayor, Ms. Gehl served as Director of Information Technology Services at Chicago Public Schools and Director of Organizational Development at Oracle Corporation. 
Ms. Gehl is a former Board Member of The Joffrey Ballet and Public Allies and a current Board Member of the Faye Gehl Conservation Foundation.  She is also a member of The Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Club.  Ms. Gehl is a 2001 Leadership Greater Chicago Fellow and was named to Who's Who in Chicago Business and was honored with the prestigious Crain's Chicago Business "40 under 40, Chicago's Rising Stars" designation.
Ms. Gehl is a graduate from the University of Notre Dame and holds an MA in education from the Catholic University of America, and an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management.









 






Overview
OPIC History
Frequently Asked Questions
Board of DirectorsBoard Meetings
Board Resolutions
Projects Pending Board Approval

Executive Staff
Our Investment Policies
Office of Accountability
Transparency
Information Quality Guidelines
Careers
 























