

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















WISH Marshall S. Geller Insider Trades for Wright Investors' Service Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Wright Investors' Service Holdings Inc.

                  OTC: WISH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Wright Investors' Service Holdings Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


WISH

/quotes/zigman/14132007/delayed


$
0.48




Change

-0.01
-2.04%

Volume
Volume 6,050
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/14132007/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.49
		


$
				0.48
			
Change

-0.01
-2.04%





Day low
Day high
$0.48
$0.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.45
        

            $1.05
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Marshall S. Geller



Mr. Marshall S. Geller is Independent Director at Guidance Software, Inc., Independent Director at GP Strategies Corp., Co-Founder & Managing Director at St. Cloud Capital LLC, and a Member at Little Hoover Commission. He is on the Board of several public companies.
Prior to co-founding St. Cloud Capital, Mr. Geller was an Independent Director at National Holdings Corp., Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Geller & Friend Capital Partners, Inc., Chief Executive Officer at Hexcel Corp., President & Chief Operating Officer at Players International, Inc., and Senior Managing Director at Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc. He also served on the board at several public companies.
Mr. Geller received a BS in Business Administration from California State University-Los Angeles.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/01/2017
14,881


 
Award at $0.63 per share.


9,375


10/24/2016
13,393


 
Award at $0.7 per share.


9,375


10/24/2016
8,153


 
Award at $1.15 per share.


9,375


08/24/2016
2,000


 
Acquisition at $0.74 per share.


1,480


08/24/2016
8,000


 
Acquisition at $0.75 per share.


6,000


06/13/2016
6,997


 
Award at $1.34 per share.


9,375


02/01/2016
4,712


 
Award at $1.99 per share.


9,376


10/20/2015
7,103


 
Award at $1.32 per share.


9,375


07/20/2015
6,168


 
Award at $1.52 per share.


9,375


05/04/2015
5,068


 
Award at $1.85 per share.


9,375


05/04/2015
5,548


 
Award at $1.69 per share.


9,376


01/19/2015
100,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Harvey P. Eisen 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Ira J. Sobotko 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & VP




Mr. Peter Morse Donovan 
Director




Mr. Marshall S. Geller 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence G. Schafran 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard C. Pfenniger 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:57 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:44pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country when a cast member can’t go on
5:41pDonald Trump just ousted Reince Priebus. What to do if you think you’re about to get fired
5:38pHere’s what to do if, like Reince Priebus, you’re suddenly out of a job
5:27pReince Priebus departs as chief of staff as Trump gives job to John Kelly
5:25pThe perils (and pleasures) of blocking friends and colleagues on social media
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Marshall S. Geller, Board Dir., GP Strategies Corp.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Marshall Geller 





 


Marshall Geller

 

Board Dir. - GP Strategies Corp.

 


Marshall Geller Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
GP Strategies Corp. 

 

Company Website : 
www.gpstrategies.com 

 

Company Address : 
6095 Marshalee Dr.Ste. 300, Elkridge, MD,United States, 


 


Marshall Geller Profile :
Board Dir. - GP Strategies Corp. 

 


Marshall Geller Biography :


Marshall S. Geller has been a director of the company since 2002. Mr. Geller is co-founder and senior managing director of St. Cloud Capital a Los Angeles based private investment fund formed in December 2001. He is also chairman chief executive officer and founding partner of Geller & Friend Capital Partners Inc. a private merchant bank formed in 1995. Mr. Geller has spent more than forty years in corporate finance and investment banking including twenty one years as a senior managing director of Bear Stearns & Co. with oversight of all operations in Los Angeles San Francisco Chicago Hong Kong and the Far East. Mr. Geller is currently non-executive chairman of the board of ShopNBC-ValueVision Media Inc. (NasdaqNM: VVTV) and serves as a director of 1st Century Bank Los Angeles (Nasdaq:FCNA) Blue Holdings Inc. (NasdaqNM: BLUE) National Holdings Corp. (NHLD.OB) and is on the board of governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center Los Angeles. He was previously the interim co-chairman of Hexcel Corporation (NYSE:HXL) and interim president and chief operating officer of Players International Inc. Mr. Geller also serves on the Dean's Advisory Council for the College of Business & Economics at California State University Los Angeles. 

 


Marshall Geller Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Harvey Eisen 
Chmn. 
Please login 


Richard Pfenniger 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Scott Greenberg 
Board Dir., CEO 
Please login 


Douglas Sharp 
Pres. 
Please login 


Sharon Esposito-Mayer 
Exec. VP, CFO 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






Marshall S Geller - Los Angeles, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Marshall S Geller in Los Angeles, CA


Marshall S Geller

                                                                           Intelius found that Marshall S Geller  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Los Angeles, CA.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Marshall Stanley Geller
Marshall F Geller
Marshall  Mickey


Get Report Now

Age

Marshall S Geller is in his 70s

Marshall Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Burlingame, CA
Beverly Hills, CA

Marshall's Relatives

Patricia Geller
Trust Geller







Marshall S Geller



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Founder And Senior Managing Director at St. Cloud Capital LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Marshall? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Marshall, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Marshall S Geller
Get a Criminal Check on Marshall S Geller
Get a Public Record Report on Marshall S Geller
Get a People Search Report on Marshall S Geller


Marshall S Geller's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Marshall S Geller has lived as well as Marshall S Geller's phone numbers and email addresses.




Marshall S Geller Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Marshall S Geller


10450 W******* B*** 

Los Angeles, CA


Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Burlingame, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Marshall S Geller

(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Marshall S Geller

m*************r@***.com
m*****r@***.org
f*************t@***.com


Get Email Report




Marshall S Geller's Professional Information
Information regarding Marshall S Geller's professional history.  Find out previous places Marshall S Geller has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Marshall S Geller Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: St. Cloud Capital LLC
               Title: Founder And Senior Managing Director
Company: California Pizza Kitchen Inc
               
Marshall S Geller's Experience
Title: Founder And Senior Managing Director
               Company: St. Cloud Capital LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: 
               Company: California Pizza Kitchen Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Marshall S Geller

 See Marshall S Geller's LinkedIn Profile



Marshall S Geller's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Marshall S Geller


Marshall S Geller's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Marshall S Geller's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Marshall Geller
Username Matches

                  MarshallGeller
                  GellerMarshall
                  Marshall.Geller
                  Geller.Marshall
                  Marshall_Geller
                  Geller_Marshall
                  Marshall-Geller
                  Geller-Marshall
                  MGeller
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Geller







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Marshall S. Geller: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:57 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of St. Cloud Capital, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Marshall S. Geller  Co-Founder and Senior Advisor, St. Cloud Capital, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 18 different industries.See Board Relationships78--
Background

		Mr. Marshall S. Geller is a Co-Founder, since December 2001 and Senior Advisor at St. Cloud Capital, LLC. Mr. Geller was a Managing Partner, Senior Managing Partner and Senior Managing Director at St. Cloud Capital. Mr. Geller has been involved with most every aspect of St. Cloud's day-to-day operating activities and portfolio management functions since it was founded over 11 years ago. He served as Managing Director of St. Cloud Capital, LLC. He led sourcing, execution ... and portfolio monitoring function. He was Partner of the Chicago Bulls professional basketball team and other various sport related teams. He served as a Commissioner of the Little Hoover Commission. He served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Founding Partner of Geller & Friend Capital Partners, Inc. He served as the Interim President and Chief Operating Officer of Players International LLC from November 1992 to April 1993. From 1991 to October 1995, he served as the Senior Managing Partner and Founder at Golenberg & Geller, Inc. He has spent more than 40 years in corporate finance and investment banking, including from July 1967 to March 1988 as the Senior Managing Director and Senior Managing Partner at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., with oversight of all operations in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Hong Kong and the Far East. Mr. Geller left Bear, Stearns & Company in 1990 and formed a merchant bank which was a predecessor to St. Cloud Capital. He has been a Member of the Advisory Board of Merriman Holdings, Inc. since September 11, 2014. He serves as a Member of Board of Directors at COR Securities Holdings Inc. He serves on the Board of Governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center. He serves as a Director of Johnson Products Company, Inc. He has been a Director of FutureLink Corporation since December 2000, Styles On Video, Inc. since November 1995, Drkoop.com Inc. since 2000, Datalink Corporation, ValueVision International, Inc., Olympic Cascade Financial Corporation, Shun Loong-Bear Stearns Far East and Sun Hung Kai-Bear Stearns. He serves as a Director of COR Capital LLC. He also has been a Director of Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc. since January 14, 2015. He serves on the Advisory Board of Banc of California and the UCLA Health System. Mr. Geller also serves on the Dean s Advisory Council for the College of Business & Economics at California State University. He has been an Independent Director at GP Strategies Corporation since February 2002. Mr. Geller also served as the interim Co-Chairman and Director of Hexcel Corporation and Cabletel Communications Corp., and served as the Vice Chairman of Gruntal & Co. Inc. from April 1988 to December 1990. He served as Non-Executive Chairman of EVINE Live Inc. (formerly, ValueVision Media Inc.) from December 2003 to May 15, 2007 and its Non-Executive Director from May 1993 to August 22, 2008. He served as the Vice Chairman at ValueVision Media Inc. from August 1994 to July 1999. Mr. Geller served as a Director of Players International, Inc. since 1989. He served as a Director of Concepts Direct, Inc. He served as a Director of Ballantyne Strong, Inc (formerly Ballantyne of Omaha, Inc.). He served as Director of Strouds, Inc. since July 24, 1998 and iMall, Inc. since January 1998. Mr. Geller served as Director of 1st Century Bank, N.A. since 2004. He served as a Director of SCPIE Holdings, Inc. from June 2006 to June 30, 2008, General Physics Corporation since 2002, California Pizza Kitchen Inc., from May 2008 to July 7, 2011 and 1st Century Bancshares, Inc. since September 2007. He served as a Director of Viking Systems, Inc. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at WinWin Gaming, Inc. Mr. Geller served as a Director of Dycam Inc. since November 1995 and Blue Holdings, Inc. from August 2005 to May 2007. He served as a Director of Guidance Software, Inc. since February 14, 2008. He served as a Director of iMall Inc. He served as Director of National Holdings Corp from January 1, 2006 to January 5, 2012. He has spent more than 45 years in corporate finance and investment banking. He has extensive experience initiating, arranging and making investments in public and private companies. Mr. Geller earned a B.S. in Business Administration from California State University, Los Angeles.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
10866 Wilshire BoulevardLos Angeles, California 90024United StatesPhone: 310-475-2700Fax: 310-475-0550
Board Members Memberships
Member of Board of DirectorsCOR Securities Holdings Inc.1995-PresentDirector and Director - Dycam Inc.Styles on Video, Inc.2000-PresentDirectorFutureLink Corporation2002-PresentIndependent DirectorGP Strategies Corporation2015-PresentDirectorWright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc.
Education
BSBA California State University, Los Angeles
Other Affiliations
California Pizza Kitchen, Inc.FutureLink Corporationdrkoop.com, Inc.EVINE Live Inc.Merriman Holdings, Inc.iMall, Inc.General Physics CorporationHexcel CorporationNational Holdings CorporationGP Strategies CorporationPlayers International, LLCStyles on Video, Inc.Strouds Inc.concepts direct, inc.Cabletel Communications Corp.Ballantyne Strong, IncSCPIE Holdings Inc.Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.WinWin Gaming, Inc.Viking Systems, Inc.Blue Holdings Inc.California State University, Los AngelesGuidance Software, Inc.Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc.1st Century Bancshares, Inc.St. Cloud Capital Partners II, L.P.1st Century BankCOR Securities Holdings Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact St. Cloud Capital, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































JVS Honors Marshall S. Geller with Lifetime Achievement Award — JVS

































































Steven Page


November 12, 2013



news



JVS Honors Marshall S. Geller with Lifetime Achievement Award



Steven Page


November 12, 2013



news












With more than 250 people in attendance at the SLS Hotel, JVS honored Marshall Geller, the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of St. Cloud Capital, with its Lifetime Achievement Award.Presenting the award was business leader, motivational speaker and best-selling author Chris Gardner. Gardner overcame homelessness and the challenges of being a single parent to chase his dream of being a stockbroker. Geller, the senior managing director of Bear Stearns & Co. at the time, gave Gardner one of his first shots at success in the world of finance.Gardner chronicled his story in 2006 autobiography “The Pursuit of Happyness,” which inspired the box office hit starring Will Smith.  In introducing Geller, Gardner said that his own achievements would not have been possible had Geller not opened a door for him.“Because I got the opportunity to work in this magical place called Bear Stearns given to me by you, it didn’t just change my life, it changed the lives of my children,” Gardner said.  “There’s a health clinic being built in small village in Ghana right now that will service 30,000 people because you gave me the opportunity 25 years ago. Marshall, I could never thank you enough.”Gardner’s story resonates particularly strongly with JVS where the agency assists more than 30,000 clients per year – many of them long-term unemployed who are facing substantial barriers – to improve their lives.During his acceptance remarks, Geller acknowledged the work of JVS and stressed the importance of supporting the agency. He cited a Chinese proverb which states that the key to a lifetime of happiness is in helping people.“I had heard about the wonderful work JVS and I ultimately had the chance to visit one of their WorkSource Centers and met some of their clients,” Geller said. “That’s when I really saw first-hand the impact of their efforts.”“I would implore you to set up a meeting and visit with a JVS staff person at the WorkSource Centers,” he continued.  “Trust me, you will see some wonderful things and I think you will want to be more involved with the agency.”The event, hosted by frequent “Tonight Show” guest Tom Dreesen, also included a screening of the JVS video “Finding Hope: JVS in Action.” Ibrahim Brewer, a former U.S. Marine who received assistance through JV’S Veterans First program, was a featured speaker.A native of Los Angeles, Marshall Geller was in his early teens when his uncle Jack Bayer suggested he consider a career as a stockbroker. Geller attended Cal State Los Angeles, taking classes in the morning and working a retail job during the afternoons and evenings. Geller signed on with Merrill Lynch after graduating college.After six months at Merrill Lynch, Geller left the world of finance, borrowed $5,000 from a local bank and created an import company that conducted business across the Far East. Despite his insistence that he was happy and thriving in his new career, Geller was recruited by a long-time colleague, Larry Friend, to join the firm of Kleiner, Bell. Because, as Friend insisted, “You’re a stockbroker.”A dubious Geller insisted that he had quit the field of finance, but was willing to listen to the offer.  After Friend wooed Geller for two months, including a recruiting trip to New York, Geller went back to Wall Street. Less than a month into his tenure at Kleiner, Bell, the firm shut down, leaving Geller and Friend out of work.More breaks were in store. Feeling responsible for the situation they were both in, Friend insisted Geller accompany him to interviews in New York. Geller found himself in discussion with Bear Stearns CEO Alan Greenberg. Geller believed that Friend was the target hire, but Greenberg convinced him that he was an important recruit as well. The firm, Greenberg explained, didn’t hire PhDs. Instead they looked for “PSDs” -- individuals who were poor, smart and had a deep desire to become successful.Greenberg considered Geller a prime PSD and hired him. Many years later, as a top executive at Bear Stearns, Geller would recognize the same PSD qualities in Chris Gardner.“Every time I see Chris, I’m overwhelmed by his accomplishments in the world, both in business and as a humanitarian,” Geller said. “All Chris was asking for all those years ago was a chance to work. Now multiply his story and his personal impact on the world by the 82 years JVS has been helping people in need. Multiply that effect by the tens of thousands of lives JVS has changed since 1931.”During his more than 45 years in corporate finance and investment banking, Geller oversaw Bear Stearns’ offices in Los Angeles, the Bay Area, Chicago and the Far East. He was a director of Shun Loong-Bear Stearns Far East and Sun Hung Kai-Bear Stearns, Chinese-owned investment banking businesses in Japan, Hong Kong and China.Geller is a former partner in the Phoenix Suns and Chicago Bulls basketball teams and serves on the boards of numerous publicly and privately held corporations and charitable organizations. Among them, he serves on the board at Cedars Sinai Medical Center and is a director of GP Strategies Corporation, UCLA Health System and COR Capital, LLC. He was the head of a Special Committee for California Pizza Kitchen and directed the sale of the company to private equity investors. He is the former Chairman of the Investment Committee for ValueVision and the former Interim President and CEO of Players Club International, which was sold to Harrah’s. He was also co-chairman of the board of Hexcel Corporation and served on the Little Hoover Commission for the State of California.Marshall Geller holds a BS in Business Administration from CSULA and serves on the Dean’s Advisory Council for the College of Business and Economics at California State University. He received the University’s Distinguished Alumnus Award for the College of Business and Economics and has also been named by the Los Angeles Business Journal as one of a handful of the city’s top “Roadkill Warriors” responsible for revitalizing businesses during the dot-com meltdown. All this for a man who insists he is “no rocket scientist.”“I think a person has to really know himself,” Geller said. “I remember going to New York and there were these brilliant guys sitting there figuring out all these complicated financial strategies. That was not my area of expertise. But I knew how to sell it. I knew how to take it and run with it. You have to know your weaknesses and your strengths.”About JVS Los Angeles (Jewish Vocational Service):  Longtime leaders in the workforce development field and advocates for the underserved since 1931, JVS helps people of all faiths and backgrounds overcome barriers to employment so they can achieve self-sufficiency. From the long term unemployed to veterans, foster and probation youth, people with disabilities and those moving from welfare to work, our goal is to provide individuals with the tools, resources and guidance they need through job training, mentoring, expert career coaching, job placement and retention support. JVS serves nearly 30,000 Angelenos annually and in 2013 received Charity Navigator’s top 4-star rating for the sixth consecutive year. To learn more, please visit www.jvsla.org.November 12, 2013



































Marshall S. Geller - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Marshall S. Geller
Board Member at GP Strategies Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Marshall S. Geller? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marshall S. Geller's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marshall S. Geller's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marshall S. Geller's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marshall S. Geller through your network of contacts.
												








Marshall S. Geller's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
GP Strategies Corporation


Board Member, 
Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Marshall S. Geller's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


California State University - Los Angeles


Age
78

 
 


Marshall S. Geller's Biography



Mr. Geller is a Founder and Senior Investment Advisor of St. Cloud Capital, a Los Angeles based private equity fund formed in December 2001.  He has spent more than 40 years in corporate finance and investment banking, including 21 years as a Senior Managing Partner of Bear, Stearns & Co., with oversight of all operations in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Hong Kong and the Far East.  Mr. Geller is currently on the Board of Directors of COR Capital LLC, Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc. and UCLA Health System and is on the Board of Governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles.  Mr. Geller also serves on the Dean's Advisor ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Geller is a Founder and Senior Investment Advisor of St. Cloud Capital, a Los Angeles based private equity fund formed in December 2001.  He has spent more than 40 years in corporate finance and investment banking, including 21 years as a Senior Managing Partner of Bear, Stearns & Co., with oversight of all operations in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Hong Kong and the Far East.  Mr. Geller is currently on the Board of Directors of COR Capital LLC, Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc. and UCLA Health System and is on the Board of Governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles.  Mr. Geller also serves on the Dean's Advisory Council for the College of Business & Economics at California State University, Los Angeles. During the past five years, Mr. Geller has also been a director of Guidance Software, Inc., National Holdings Corporation and California Pizza Kitchen. As the managing partner of a private equity fund and a director of other public companies, Mr. Geller brings to the Board many years of experience and expertise as an investor in and adviser to companies in various sectors.
		
Source: GP Strategies Corporation on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marshall S. Geller's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Marshall S. Geller. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marshall S. Geller's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marshall S. Geller's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marshall S. Geller through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Marshall S. Geller


















Marshall S. Geller's Connections (181)





Sign up now to view Marshall S. Geller's 181 connections »









Daniel M. Friedberg
Former Board Member, InnerWorkings, Inc.









Douglas E. Sharp
President, GP Strategies Corporation









Kenneth L. Crawford
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, GP Strategies Corporation









Sharon Esposito-Mayer
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, GP Strategies Corporation









John D. Buck
Chairman of the Board, Patterson Companies, Inc.









Richard L. Rosenfield
Former Board Member, California Pizza Kitchen, Inc.









John L. Flannery
Former Board Member, EVINE Live Inc.









Sue W. Kelly
Former Board Member, GP Strategies Corporation









Jay Ireland
Former Board Member, EVINE Live Inc.









Scott R. Peppet
Board Member, Anixter International Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













    Marshall Geller | St. Cloud Capital LLC | ZoomInfo.comIncredible Laura Geller finds at Marshalls today. : MakeupAddictionjump to contentmy subredditsedit subscriptionspopular-all-random | AskReddit-news-funny-todayilearned-pics-videos-worldnews-movies-aww-gifs-gaming-Showerthoughts-IAmA-mildlyinteresting-Jokes-science-Music-OldSchoolCool-television-LifeProTips-explainlikeimfive-tifu-books-dataisbeautiful-nottheonion-history-food-Futurology-sports-TwoXChromosomes-Art-personalfinance-photoshopbattles-EarthPorn-Documentaries-WritingPrompts-UpliftingNews-askscience-DIY-space-gadgets-nosleep-GetMotivated-creepy-philosophy-InternetIsBeautiful-listentothis-blog-announcementsmore » MakeupAddictioncommentsWant to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.|Englishlimit my search to r/MakeupAddictionuse the following search parameters to narrow your results:subreddit:subredditfind submissions in "subreddit"author:usernamefind submissions by "username"site:example.comfind submissions from "example.com"url:textsearch for "text" in urlselftext:textsearch for "text" in self post contentsself:yes (or self:no)include (or exclude) self postsnsfw:yes (or nsfw:no)include (or exclude) results marked as NSFWe.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dogsee the search faq for details.advanced search: by author, subreddit...this post was submitted on  21 May 201739 points (79% upvoted)shortlink:  remember mereset passwordloginSubmit a new linkSubmit a new text postMakeupAddictionsubscribeunsubscribe379,816 readers1,286 users here nowREAD BEFORE MAKING A POST
HOW TO ASK FOR HELP
MakeupAddiction Rules

1. Harassing others, including posting photos to ridicule others, will result in an
immediate ban
2. Photo editing is not allowed, except color correction for accuracy. No filters (including beauty/selfie mode and any automatic filters).
3. A complete and detailed product list is required to be posted in the comments for every single makeup look (including FOTDs & hauls). If you are unable to, please message the mods.
4. All fake blood/injuries MUST be marked NSFW.
5. Do NOT link directly to YouTube, Instagram, blogs or any social media. You can link in the comments, but repeatedly doing so will result in your posts being removed. No referral links. No surveys. MUA is not a place for buying/selling and self-promotion.
6. Products must be removed from packaging for hauls or collections (the makeup must be seen) & swatches are highly encouraged.
7. Keep MUA clutter-free. Clutter posts (such as memes, pets, children, text convos, textiles etc.) will be removed.
8. You must be verified by a mod before posting AMAs, Q&As, giveaways, or if identifying as company. Read more here
9. Posts with titles that garner sympathy or manipulate the vote count will be removed.
Violations of rules will result in your post being removed

Discouraged Comments

"You look better without makeup"
"You're sexy" - *If you wouldn't say it to your sister, it's probably not appropriate here
Comments about age or weight
"How can you afford that?"
Unsolicited skincare/acne advice
Report inappropriate comments!
CC is appropriate on all posts, except post special event looks.

MUA Monthly Calendar

It's Tuesday. Why can't I post a link? Text Tuesday FAQ

Guides/Tutorials

Tutorials and tips from MUA users
How to photograph your makeup
What to buy at Sephora
Drugstore HG Master List
Mid Range HG Master List
High End HG Master List
Oily Skin HG Master List
Dry Skin HG Master List
Brush Guide
Beginning makeup
Customer Guide
Cruelty-Free Brand Guide

Useful Links

Related Subreddits
Best & Worst of Brands <- NEW
Best & Worst of Product Types <- NEW
MUA Blogs and Channels <- NEW
Makeup Alley
Foundation matrix


created by G3mIg: @gemmahuha community for 7 yearsmessage the moderatorsMODERATORSG3mIg: @gemmahuhmiss_shellehIG @shellyranaemuaComingUpMilhouseIG @genericfirstnameNorth59801averymaebeauty.blogspot.comAutoModerator30rockettePalettes, Not Pallets, People!hobbitqueenIG: jennleemakeupartistryelluminaToo many lipsticks to countabbeyrogueIG@ karah.npunkylemonIG : @blingedoutlemons...and 1 more »discussions in r/MakeupAddictionX3170  · 71 comments My Birthday pink glitter look119  · 11 comments Album Inspired Makeup - Flower Boy by Tyler, The Creator112  · 14 comments ABH Subculture on NW45 skin. This palette deserves the hype, the colours are gorgeous and the mattes are so pigmented and buttery. The only colour I don't care for is Dawn, beigey colours are a no for my complexion always turns out ashy. I am super happy with this purchase102  · 9 comments Soft and Pinky look // CCW89  · 25 comments Subculture + Modern Renaissance Look // CCW· 5 comments Tried out a full face with some new products, CCW430  · 12 comments An everyday glam1120  · 51 comments Trying a Halo eye for the first time, CCVW!!46  · 5 comments Swatches of oranges, yellows, and browns from ABH's Modern Ren, Subculture, and Master Palette by Mario, respectively. NW13 skin in diffused natural light.22  · 5 comments Summer Swatchin' with the Juvia's Place Zulu Palette!383940Incredible Laura Geller finds at Marshalls today. (imgur.com)submitted 2 months ago by mathannamatics12 commentssharereportall 12 commentssorted by: besttopnewcontroversialoldrandomq&alive (beta)[–]RavenMaven22 20 points21 points22 points 2 months ago (3 children)What amazing Marshall's y'all go to?? Mine only have nasty Elf stuff all ripped open and dusty!

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply[–]mathannamatics[S] 6 points7 points8 points 2 months ago (2 children)I live in Minnesota and all of the Marshall's and TJ Maxx around the Twin Cities are usually pretty good for makeup! There was also MAC, Clinique, KVD, and lots of Marc Jacobs stuff.

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]GlassOnion24 1 point2 points3 points 2 months ago (1 child)I usually pop by the Hopkins, Minnetonka, Richfield, and Bloomington stores. They are definitely stocking more makeup recently. I haven't seen any Laura Gellar or Marc Jacobs yet! 

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]mathannamatics[S] 0 points1 point2 points 2 months ago (0 children)I always find great stuff at the Minnetonka one! This stuff was at the Maplewood location.

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]snow06Hopelessly Addicted 4 points5 points6 points 2 months ago (1 child)I would have jumped at that Baked Color and Contour! It's been on my wish list for the longest time. Nice finds! 

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply[–]mathannamatics[S] 4 points5 points6 points 2 months ago (0 children)That's the only one I actually bought! I don't wear eyeshadows much so I skipped the others, though they were all great deals!

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]alexandersmommy 2 points3 points4 points 2 months ago (1 child)Where are you at?!
The Marshall's tag on one box is in American dollars, but it lists British pounds on the upper right box.
I'm so confused.

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply[–]mathannamatics[S] 1 point2 points3 points 2 months ago (0 children)In the US. I think the pounds on the upper right was from the original packaging before it came to Marshall's.

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]irissteensma 2 points3 points4 points 2 months ago (1 child)What were the prices?

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply[–]mathannamatics[S] 5 points6 points7 points 2 months ago (0 children)The two smaller kits were $9.99 and the two larger ones were $19.99.

permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply[–]Lova12 0 points1 point2 points 2 months ago (0 children)So jealous! Checked mine for the baked color and had no luck. 

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply[–]Takemetomac -1 points0 points1 point 2 months ago (0 children)I am more intrigued by Mac. But usually most makeup are either swatched or heavily shattered at my marshalls

permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreplyaboutblogaboutsource codeadvertisecareershelpsite rulesFAQwikireddiquettemod guidelinescontact usapps & toolsReddit for iPhoneReddit for Androidmobile websitebuttons<3reddit goldredditgiftsUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. © 2017 reddit inc. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.Advertise - lifestylesπ Rendered by PID 108039 on  app-255  at 2017-07-28 21:57:05.156374+00:00 running e70402b country code: US.





Geller Stanley Marshall in Sherman Oaks, CA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Geller Stanley Marshall, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Geller Stanley Marshall

Geller Stanley Marshall exports to Cc.cooper through the port of Long Beach        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Geller Stanley Marshall and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 JC PENNEY
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 PEPSICO
 SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS AMERICA INCORPO
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Geller Stanley Marshall
Geller Stanley Marshall exports to Cc.cooper through the port of Long Beach


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



GELLER STANLEY MARSHALL
VIA MAGGIO 13R 50125 FIRENZE ITALY


CC.COOPER
4614 MARY ELLEN AVENUE 91423 SHERMA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



AMERICAN INT'L TRANSPORT
5430 WEST ROSECRANS AVE STE A 9025



NO MARKS
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number










Product Description




SCULPTURE 
SCULPTURE 









Bill of LadingMSCUS5235771Arrival Date2006-05-25Weight (LB)253Weight (KG)115UnitsCMQuantity115 KGVoyage No.N/APort of LoadingFREEPORTPort of DischargeLONG BEACHVessel NameMEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANYCarrier CodeMSCUCountry Of OriginBahamas 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Geller Stanley Marshall. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Geller Stanley Marshall has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Geller Stanley Marshall







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Geller Stanley Marshall
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Mv Henda C/o Uni-tankers                                



                                    Yangdong Gongthai Hardware&plastic                                



                                    Colom Bakery Equipment Sl                                



                                    Desalto Spa Viab Per                                



                                    Phosled Solutions Inc.                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3277
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















