


Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., Joins Supernus Board of Directors (NASDAQ:SUPN)





























 






Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Mar 23, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., Joins Supernus Board of Directors

ROCKVILLE, Md., March 23, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:SUPN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases, today announced that Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., a veteran executive with extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, will join the company's board of directors.


 "Georges is a leader who has an excellent track record of commercial and product development success helping pharmaceutical companies achieve and sustain growth," said Jack Khattar, chief executive officer of Supernus Pharmaceuticals. "His experience with growth companies will be especially valuable to Supernus as we build upon the success of our marketed products and advance our pipeline towards commercialization."

Dr. Gemayel has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including management and executive positions in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East. Dr. Gemayel currently serves on the board of directors of Raptor Pharmaceuticals, a publicly-traded company, and is the chairman of the boards of OxThera, EpiTherapeutics and Orphazyme ApS.


 From 2008 to 2009, Dr. Gemayel was president and chief executive officer of Altus Pharmaceuticals, a publicly-traded pharmaceutical company. From 2003 to 2008, he was executive vice president at Genzyme Corporation where he was responsible for the company's global therapeutics, transplant, renal and biosurgery businesses. From 1998 to 2003, he held progressively senior roles at Hoffmann La-Roche and Roche Labs, most recently as vice president, National Specialty Care, responsible for its U.S. business for dermatology, oncology, transplantation, hepatitis and HIV.


 "Supernus achieved great success in developing its CNS portfolio and becoming profitable only one year after launching Oxtellar XR and Trokendi XR," said Georges Gemayel, Ph.D. "I look forward to working closely with Supernus' Board and Management to maximize the potential of its commercial products and progress its innovative pipeline in psychiatry."

About Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system, or CNS, diseases. The Company has two marketed products for epilepsy, Oxtellar XR® (extended-release oxcarbazepine) and Trokendi XR® (extended-release topiramate). The Company is also developing several product candidates to address large market opportunities in psychiatry. These product candidates include SPN-810 for the treatment of impulsive aggression in patients with ADHD in conjunction with standard ADHD treatment and SPN-812 for ADHD.
CONTACT: Jack A. Khattar, President and CEO

         Gregory S. Patrick, Vice President and CFO

         Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

         301-838-2591



         or



         INVESTOR CONTACT:

         Peter Vozzo

         Westwicke Partners

         Office: (443) 213-0505

         Mobile: (443) 377-4767

         Email: peter.vozzo@westwicke.com






Source: Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








 


 



Georges Gemayel appointed new chairman for OxThera | OxThera


















































OxThera 



 


          Georges Gemayel appointed new chairman for OxThera        

          February 13, 2014        
OxThera AB, a Stockholm-based privately-held biopharmaceutical company, today announced that Dr Georges Gemayel has been appointed new chairman of the Board of Directors for OxThera. 
“I am very glad to join the Board of Directors of Oxthera” says Dr Gemayel.  ”Primary Hyperoxaluria is a devastating disease and Oxabact® holds the promise to become the first therapy to be approved for its treatment.  I am looking forward to working with Elisabeth Lindner and her team to bring this therapy to the patients as soon as possible”, Dr Gemayel continues.
Dr. Gemayel´s experience includes positions as Executive Chairman of FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc. and as Executive Vice President for Genzyme Corporation. Dr. Gemayel received his doctorate in pharmacy from St. Joseph University in Beirut, Lebanon, and his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from Paris-Sud University. Dr. Gemayel also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Vascular Magnetics, Inc. and Epitherapeutics and as a member of the Board of Directors of Orphazyme ApS, NPS Pharmaceuticals and Prosensa. He is also a Director of the International Institute of New England.
OxThera is currently conducting a placebo-controlled clinical trial with Oxabact® in patients with Primary Hyperoxaluria at seven clinical sites in three countries. Results are expected after summer this year. Oxabact® is an oral product composed of highly concentrated freeze-dried live bacteria (Oxalobacter formigenes), administered in capsules.
Primary Hyperoxaluria (PH) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder leading to markedly elevated levels of endogenous oxalate in plasma and urine. High levels of urinary oxalate cause kidney damage, including calcification of the kidney. If left untreated, the disease can cause kidney failure and premature death.
OxThera holds proprietary rights to pharmaceutical preparations and their use for treatment of hyperoxaluria. Oxabact® holds orphan drug designations in the EU and the US for the treatment of PH.
For further information, please contact
Elisabeth Lindner, CEO of OxThera AB, Phone +46 8 660 0223
www.oxthera.com
About OxThera
OxThera holds worldwide rights for compositions and methods of use for treatment of hyperoxaluria. OxThera currently has two products in its pipeline: Oxabact® for the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria, and Oxazyme®, an oxalate decarboxylase, for the treatment of oxalate malabsorption and kidney failure in enteric hyperoxaluria. 









	Georges Gemayel Ph D Joins Supernus Pharmaceuticals Board Of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., Joins Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) Board Of Directors  











Tweet








3/24/2015 10:19:59 AM


 ROCKVILLE, Md., March 23, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:SUPN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases, today announced that Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., a veteran executive with extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, will join the company's board of directors.  "Georges is a leader who has an excellent track record of commercial and product development success helping pharmaceutical companies achieve and sustain growth," said Jack Khattar, chief executive officer of Supernus Pharmaceuticals. "His experience with growth companies will be especially valuable to Supernus as we build upon the success of our marketed products and advance our pipeline towards commercialization."  Dr. Gemayel has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including management and executive positions in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East. Dr. Gemayel currently serves on the board of directors of Raptor Pharmaceuticals, a publicly-traded company, and is the chairman of the boards of OxThera, EpiTherapeutics and Orphazyme ApS.  From 2008 to 2009, Dr. Gemayel was president and chief executive officer of Altus Pharmaceuticals, a publicly-traded pharmaceutical company. From 2003 to 2008, he was executive vice president at Genzyme Corporation where he was responsible for the company's global therapeutics, transplant, renal and biosurgery businesses. From 1998 to 2003, he held progressively senior roles at Hoffmann La-Roche and Roche Labs, most recently as vice president, National Specialty Care, responsible for its U.S. business for dermatology, oncology, transplantation, hepatitis and HIV.  "Supernus achieved great success in developing its CNS portfolio and becoming profitable only one year after launching Oxtellar XR and Trokendi XR," said Georges Gemayel, Ph.D. "I look forward to working closely with Supernus' Board and Management to maximize the potential of its commercial products and progress its innovative pipeline in psychiatry."  About Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system, or CNS, diseases. The Company has two marketed products for epilepsy, Oxtellar XR® (extended-release oxcarbazepine) and Trokendi XR® (extended-release topiramate). The Company is also developing several product candidates to address large market opportunities in psychiatry. These product candidates include SPN-810 for the treatment of impulsive aggression in patients with ADHD in conjunction with standard ADHD treatment and SPN-812 for ADHD. CONTACT: Jack A. Khattar, President and CEO Gregory S. Patrick, Vice President and CFO Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 301-838-2591 or INVESTOR CONTACT: Peter Vozzo Westwicke Partners Office: (443) 213-0505 Mobile: (443) 377-4767 Email: peter.vozzo@westwicke.com      

Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) Announces Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2014 Results  Eli Lilly (LLY)'s Top Five Executives Get a Pay Boost in 2014  Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) Sues TWi Pharmaceuticals, Inc. For Infringement Of Oxtellar XR® Patents  How Two Salix (SLXP) Execs Got Paid $46 Million Even After Quitting  Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) Sues Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. (PRX) For Infringement Of Trokendi XR® Patents  Filing Shows Regeneron (REGN) Stopped Paying CEO and CSO's Club Membership Fees  Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) To Host Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call  Allergan (AGN) CEO Pyott Out But Don't Fret, He May Have Landed His Next Gig Already  Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) Announces Paragraph IV ANDA Filing for Oxtellar XR®  23andMe Dives Into Biotech With Ex-Genentech (RHHBY) R&D Star at Helm  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Supernus Pharmaceuticals




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 


















































 



 Georges Gemayel Appointed Non-executive Chairman of Enterome 
         










    









 






 











 









Georges Gemayel Appointed Non-executive Chairman of Enterome

Sep 29, 2015, 03:00 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Enterome Bioscience 











 
















































 

 




















 


PARIS, September 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --
ENTEROME Bioscience SA, a pioneer in the development of therapeutic solutions (drugs and diagnostics) based on a deep understanding of the gut microbiome, is pleased to announce that Georges Gemayel PhD has joined the Enterome board as a Non-executive Chairman. He replaces Bernard Gilly, who becomes a Non-executive Director.
Dr Gemayel has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including management and executive positions in the US, Europe and the Middle East. He currently serves on the board of directors of US publicly-traded companies Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp., and Dimension Therapeutics a privately owned company.  He is the Chairman of the boards of OxThera AB, and Orphazyme ApS.
From 2008 to 2009, Dr Gemayel was President and Chief Executive Officer of Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc., a publicly-traded pharmaceutical company. From 2003 to 2008, he was Executive Vice President at Genzyme Corporation where he was responsible for the company's global therapeutics, transplant, renal and biosurgery businesses. From 1988 to 2003, he held progressively senior roles at Hoffmann La-Roche and Roche Labs, most recently as Vice President, National Specialty Care, responsible for its US business for dermatology, oncology, transplantation, hepatitis and HIV.
Bernard Gilly said: "We are very pleased to welcome Georges to the Enterome Board. He has a wealth of experience in the global pharma industry and particularly in the clinical and commercial development of innovative products and disease management solutions. We look forward to the valuable contributions that he will make to the further the growth and development of Enterome."
Georges Gemayel added: "I am delighted to join Enterome at this exciting stage in its development, as it becomes poised to leverage its leadership in the understanding of the gut microbiome across drug discovery and diagnostics."
About Enterome:   
Enterome is pioneering the development of novel drugs and diagnostics to support personalized therapies in microbiome-related diseases such as Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD), metabolic diseases, and related disorders.
Enterome is also leading the development of new industry standards in gut microbiome quantitative and functional analysis. This technology leadership is allowing Enterome to open up the new field of therapeutic target discovery in the microbiome, and the study of the modulation of such targets by repositioning existing compounds to target this new organ to meet significant unmet medical needs.
The Company was established in 2012 in Paris, France, and has raised a total of €17.5m from leading venture capital investors (Seventure Partners, Lundbeckfond Ventures & Omnes Capital) and two strategic investors (Danone & Shire).
http://www.enterome.com
Contact

Pierre Belichard, CEO
+33-1-75-77-27-87

David Dible / Mark Swallow, Citigate Dewe Rogerson
+44-207-282-2949 / +44-207-282-2948
enterome@citigatedr.co.uk


 SOURCE  Enterome Bioscience  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 07, 2016, 03:00 ET
Preview: Enterome Announces Collaboration with Johnson & Johnson Innovation Focused on the Discovery of Novel Targets and Therapeutics for Crohn's Disease













Nov 12, 2014, 03:00 ET
Preview: Enterome Enters into a Microbiome-Based Development Collaboration with AbbVie in Crohn's Disease






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Momenta Pharmaceuticals Appoints Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:MNTA)

























 






Sep 18, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Momenta Pharmaceuticals Appoints Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., to Board of Directors

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept.  18, 2015  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:MNTA), a biotechnology company specializing in the characterization and engineering of complex drugs, today announced the appointment of Georges Gemayel, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors effective January 1, 2016.  Dr. Gemayel has over 25 years of experience in the global biopharmaceutical industry including management and executive positions at biopharmaceutical companies such as Roche Labs, Genzyme and Altus Pharmaceuticals.  
"I am pleased to welcome Georges to Momenta's Board of Directors during this exciting stage in our Company's growth," said Craig Wheeler, President and CEO, Momenta Pharmaceuticals. "We believe his extensive experience in biopharmaceutical product development and commercialization will benefit the Company as we continue to advance our robust product pipeline and work toward our goal of bringing multiple products to market in the coming years." Dr. Gemayel has been a consultant for several biotechnology companies and venture capital funds since 2010. Prior to that he was President and CEO of Altus Pharmaceuticals from 2008 to 2009. From 2003 to 2008, he was Executive Vice President at Genzyme Corporation where he was 
responsible for the company's worldwide therapeutics businesses. From 1988 to 2003, he held progressively senior roles at Hoffmann La-Roche and Roche Labs. Dr. Gemayel currently serves on the Board of Directors of the publically listed companies Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals and of Dimension Therapeutics, a privately owned company.  He is Chairman of the Board of Directors of privately owned biotechnology companies Orphazyme, OxThera, and Enterome Bioscience.  He previously served on the Board of Directors of NPS Pharmaceuticals, Prosensa, Adolor Corporation, FoldRx, Epitherapeutics and Altus Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Gemayel completed his doctorate in 
pharmacy at St. Joseph University in Beirut, Lebanon, and earned a Ph.D. in pharmacology at Paris-Sud University in Paris, France. About Momenta Momenta Pharmaceuticals is a biotechnology company specializing in the detailed structural analysis of complex drugs and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA. Momenta is applying its technology to the development of generic versions of complex drugs, biosimilar and potentially interchangeable biologics, and to the discovery and development of novel therapeutics for oncology and autoimmune indications. To receive additional information about Momenta, please visit the website at www.momentapharma.com, which does not form a part of this press release. Our logo, trademarks, and service marks are the property of Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All other trade names, trademarks, or service marks are property of their respective owners. Forward Looking Statements Statements in this press release regarding management's future expectations, beliefs, intentions, goals, strategies, plans or prospects, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements 
about Dr. Gemayel benefitting the Company; advancing our product pipeline; and bringing multiple products to market in the coming years.  Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "hope," "target," "project," "goal," "objective," "guidance," "plan," "potential," "predict," "might," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "seek", "should," "will," "would," "look forward" and other similar words or expressions, or the negative of these words or similar words or expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those referred to under the section "Risk Factors" in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as other 
documents that may be filed by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of such risks, uncertainties and factors, the Company's actual results may differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements discussed in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. The Company is providing the information in this press release as of this date and assumes no obligations to update the information included in this press release or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
INVESTOR CONTACT:

Sarah Carmody  

Momenta Pharmaceuticals

1-617-395-5189  

IR@momentapharma.com



MEDIA CONTACT:

Karen Sharma

MacDougall Biomedical Communications

1-781-235-3060

Momenta@macbiocom.com



Source: Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








  



NPS Pharmaceuticals Appoints Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































NPS Pharmaceuticals Appoints Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., to Board of 
      Directors






February 29, 2012 08:10 AM Eastern Standard Time



BEDMINSTER, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: NPSP), a biopharmaceutical company 
      developing orphan therapeutics for rare gastrointestinal and endocrine 
      disorders, today announced the appointment of Georges Gemayel, Ph.D., to 
      its board of directors. Dr. Gemayel previously served as executive 
      chairman of FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., president and chief executive 
      officer of Altus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., executive vice president of 
      Genzyme Corporation, and vice president, national specialty care of 
      Roche.
    


      “It is with great pleasure that I welcome Georges to our board,” said 
      Peter G. Tombros, chairman of NPS Pharmaceuticals. “His extensive 
      knowledge of the biopharmaceutical industry, understanding of the orphan 
      products space, and successful commercial experience will be highly 
      valuable as we prepare for the potential launches of Gattex and Natpara. 
      We look forward to his contributions to our future success.”
    

      Dr. Gemayel, 51, brings more than 20 years of pharmaceutical industry 
      experience to the NPS board of directors. From 2008 to 2009 he served as 
      president, chief executive officer, and director of Altus 
      Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company focused on oral and 
      injectable protein therapeutics for patients with gastrointestinal and 
      metabolic disorders. From 2003 to 2008, Dr. Gemayel was executive vice 
      president of Genzyme Corporation where he was responsible for the 
      company’s global therapeutics businesses, which included lysosomal 
      storage disorders, nephrology, transplant, endocrinology, and 
      bio-surgery. Previously he served as vice president of the U.S. 
      Specialty Care Business for Hoffmann-La Roche and as general manager of 
      Hoffmann-La Roche Portugal.
    

      Dr. Gemayel completed his doctorate in pharmacy at Saint Joseph 
      University in Beirut, Lebanon and earned a Ph.D. in pharmacology at 
      Paris-Sud University, France. He currently serves as chairman of Syndexa 
      Pharmaceuticals Corp. and chairman of Vascular Magnetics, Inc. and 
      previously served as a director of Adolor Corporation and executive 
      chairman of FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
    

About NPS Pharmaceuticals


      NPS Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing 
      orphan products to patients with rare disorders and few, if any, 
      therapeutic options. NPS is advancing two late-stage registration 
      programs. A New Drug Application is undergoing FDA review for Gattex® 
      (teduglutide) as a treatment for adult short bowel syndrome (SBS) and a 
      Phase 3 registration study has been completed for Natpara™ (recombinant 
      human parathyroid hormone (rhPTH [1-84]) in adult hypoparathyroidism. 
      NPS’ earlier stage pipeline includes two calcilytic compounds, NPSP790 
      and NPSP795, with potential application in rare disorders involving 
      increased calcium receptor activity, such as autosomal dominant 
      hypocalcemia with hypercalciuria (ADHH). NPS complements its proprietary 
      programs with a royalty-based portfolio of products and product 
      candidates that includes agreements with Amgen, GlaxoSmithKline, Kyowa 
      Hakko Kirin, Nycomed, and Janssen Pharmaceuticals.
    

      “NPS,” “NPS Pharmaceuticals,” “Gattex,” and “Natpara” are the company’s 
      trademarks. All other trademarks, trade names or service marks appearing 
      in this press release are the property of their respective owners.
    

      Statements made in this press release, which are not historical in 
      nature, constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe 
      harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
      These statements are based on the company's current expectations and 
      beliefs and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that 
      could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in 
      the forward-looking statements. Risks associated to the company’s 
      business include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with any 
      failure by the company to successfully complete its preclinical and 
      clinical studies within the projected time frames or not at all, the 
      risk of not gaining marketing approvals for Gattex and Natpara, the 
      risks associated with the company’s strategy, as well as other risk 
      factors described in the company’s periodic filings with the U.S. 
      Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 
      10-K and Form 10-Qs. All information in this press release is as of the 
      date of this release and NPS undertakes no duty to update this 
      information.
    




Contacts

      NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Susan M. Mesco, 908-450-5516smesco@npsp.com


















Contacts

      NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Susan M. Mesco, 908-450-5516smesco@npsp.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














George Gemayel, Greenkraft Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





George Gemayel

Chairman/President/Secretary,
Greenkraft Inc






Career History




Chairman/President/Secretary
Greenkraft Inc, 12/2013-PRESENT


Chairman/President/Secretary
Sunrise Global Inc, 5/2013-12/2013









Website:
www.greenkraftinc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2530 S. Birch Street
Santa Ana, CA 92707
United States


Phone:
1-714-545-7777


Fax:
1-714-444-0140


Web url:
www.greenkraftinc.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Greenkraft Inc


Chairman, 12/2013-PRESENT




Sunrise Global Inc


Chairman, 5/2013-12/2013









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































	Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp Appoints Georges Gemayel Ph D to Its Board of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp. Appoints Georges Gemayel, Ph.D. to Its Board of Directors  











Tweet








8/7/2008 10:10:09 AM


Cambridge, MA, August 7, 2008 – Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp., a biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drugs to treat metabolic diseases, announced the appointment of Georges Gemayel, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors. Dr. Gemayel has over 20 years of leadership experience with leading biopharmaceutical companies. Dr. Gemayel is the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc.

“Syndexa is delighted to welcome Georges to our Board of Directors. Georges brings to our team a wealth of experience in strategy and management in the biopharmaceutical industry,” said Teo Uysal, President and CEO of Syndexa. “Georges’ deep industry experience in building value and bringing products to market further strengthen Syndexa’s management team. I look forward to working with Georges as we continue to advance our drug discovery programs in metabolic diseases.” 

Dr. Georges Gemayel is the CEO and a member of the board of Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc. since June 2, 2008. Prior to Altus he was Executive Vice President at Genzyme Corporation for five years where he was responsible for the company's therapeutics, transplant, renal and biosurgery businesses. Before he joined Genzyme, Dr. Gemayel worked for the health care company Hoffman-LaRoche for 16 years. There he served as vice president of the U.S. Specialty Care Business with responsibilities for oncology, transplantation, hepatitis, HIV and dermatology. He also was the general manager of Hoffman-LaRoche Portugal. Dr. Gemayel completed his doctorate in pharmacy at St. Joseph University in Beirut and earned a Ph.D. in pharmacology at Paris-Sud University. Dr. Gemayel also serves on the board of directors of Adolor Corporation.

“I am truly excited to join the Syndexa team” said Dr. Georges Gemayel. “Harnessing the biological interface of the inflammatory and metabolic pathways presents an immense opportunity to develop a robust pipeline of innovative drugs and holds great promises for patients in need. I look forward to working with the management team and helping Syndexa to capitalize on its promising science and build long-term value.”

About Syndexa Pharmaceuticals
Syndexa is dedicated to the discovery and development of a new generation of small-molecule drugs targeting the biological interface between inflammatory and metabolic pathways, novel mechanisms for the treatment and prevention of metabolic diseases. 






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp. Targeting Metabolic Diseases, Raises $15M Series B Financing  Changes at the Helm of Actavis; Robert Wessman Steps Down and is Replaced by the Deputy CEO Sigurdur Oli Olafsson Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp. and ChemDiv, Inc. Announce Discovery Collaboration  Questcor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Headquarters) (QSC) Announces CFO Transition Plan  Startup Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp. Launches Targeting Obesity  Marinus Pharmaceuticals Appoints John Krayacich as President and Chief Executive Officer  Mark C. Mirken Named New CEO and Chairman of the Board of Millennium Biotechnologies, Inc. Regado Biosciences Names New CEO  Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Richard W. Pascoe as President and Chief Executive Officer  Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Jan Smilek Acting Chief Financial Officer  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Syndexa Pharmaceuticals Corp.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Bachir Gemayel - Wikipedia






















 






Bachir Gemayel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bashir Jemayel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Bachir Gemayel
بشير الجميّل








President-elect of Lebanon


In office
Did not take office[a]


Preceded by
Elias Sarkis


Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


Leader of LF


In office
1976–1982


Succeeded by
Fadi Frem





Personal details


Born
(1947-11-10)10 November 1947
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Died
14 September 1982(1982-09-14) (aged 34)
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Political party
Kataeb


Spouse(s)
Solange Totonji (1977–1982, his death)


Relations
Amine Gemayel (brother)


Children
Maya Gemayel (1978–1980)
Youmna Gemayel
Nadim Gemayel


Parents
Pierre Gemayel
Genevieve Gemayel


Education
Saint Joseph University


Occupation
Lawyer





Lebanon






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Lebanon




Constitution


Constitution of 1926








Executive


President

List of presidents
Incumbent: Michel Aoun


Prime Minister

Incumbent: Saad Hariri


Cabinet








Legislature


Parliament

Speaker

Nabih Berri




Current members








Political parties


Lebanese Forces
Movement of the Future
Kataeb Party
Hezbollah
Free Patriotic Movement
Syrian Social Nationalist Party








Elections


Presidential: 2008, 2014–2016
General: 2009, next








Other issues


Governorates
Districts
Municipalities
Armed Forces
Human rights
Foreign relations









Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





Bachir Gemayel (Arabic: بشير الجميّل‎‎ Bashīr al-Jimayyel, also romanized al-Jumayyil and El Gemaiel. Arabic pronunciation: [baˈʃiːr ʤɪma.jɪl]; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was a Lebanese leader and president-elect. He was a senior member of the Phalange party and the supreme commander of the Lebanese Forces militia during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War (1975–90).
He was elected president on 23 August 1982 while the country was torn by civil war and occupied by both Israel and Syria. He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters. The bomb was planted by Habib Tanious Shartouni.[1] The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP).[2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Early activities in the Kataeb Party
3 Military command

3.1 Conflict with the PLO
3.2 Tensions within the Lebanese Front
3.3 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election


4 Time as President elect
5 Assassination

5.1 Aftermath

5.1.1 Sabra and Shatila Massacre
5.1.2 Legacy




6 Personal life
7 Political views

7.1 On relationship with the United States
7.2 On relationship with European countries
7.3 Arab countries


8 Institutions
9 Books about Bachir
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Early life[edit]




Bachir Gemayel as a child


Bachir was born in the Achrafieh neighborhood of Beirut on 10 November 1947, the youngest of six children. The Gemayel family originated from Bikfaya village in the Matn District of Lebanon and is one of the most influential Christian families in the country. His father was Pierre Gemayel, who founded the Phalange party in 1936 as a youth movement. Bachir Gemayel attended the Jesuit Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour and the Institution Moderne du Liban (IML)- Fanar. He completed his university education at St. Joseph University (Université Saint-Joseph - USJ) in Beirut. After teaching for three years at the Lebanese Modern Institute, he graduated in 1971 with a bachelor's degree in law and another in political sciences in 1973. In 1971, Gemayel studied at The Center for American and International Law near Dallas, Texas in the United States. Qualifying in 1972, he joined the bar association and opened an office in Hamra Street, West Beirut.[3]
Early activities in the Kataeb Party[edit]
Bachir became a member of the Kataeb Party´s youth section when he was 12 years old.[4] Bachir realized the dangers that surrounded Lebanon in 1958, so he spent a lot of time with the organized political wing of the Kataeb Party.[4] He attended the meetings organized by the Kataeb Student Section, and he was the president of the Kataeb Circle in St. Joseph University between 1965 and 1971.[4]
In the late 1960s, he underwent paramilitary training in Bikfaya, and he was appointed squad leader of a militia unit of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces - KRF (the Party's military wing formed in 1961). Then in the early 1970s, he formed the “Bikfaya Squad” within the RKF, where he became acquainted with the basics of military combat.[4] In 1968, he participated in a student colloquium organized by the newspaper Orient, following events which occurred across Lebanese universities between the Muslim and leftist Pan-Arabist students supporting the Palestinians in Lebanon on one side, and Lebanese Christian nationalist (Phoenicist) students (whom Bachir represented) on the other.
After the 1968-69 clashes between the Lebanese Army and the PLO, Bachir gathered a group of Christian students, and started training them in the Kataeb-run Tabrieh training camp, located near Bsharri in the Keserwan District mountains. This was the start of what would later become the Lebanese Forces. At this stage, he was a junior militia commander under the orders of William Hawi, the founder and head of the KRF.[4]




Bachir with his Father Pierre






Bachir with Kataeb Regulatory Forces militiamen


In 1970, Bachir was briefly kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Lebanon and taken to the Tel al-Zaatar refugee camp. He was released 8 hours later.
Bachir became a member of the “BG Squad” formed by William Hawi. He was a revolutionary in the party. He became close with Jean Nader, the leader of Achrafieh at that time, and became the vice president of that Lebanese Capital district, a position that he held from 1971 till 1975.[4]
Bachir became the head of the “BG Squad” after its members found him as a leader more close to their views. This group was formed of 12 specially trained members such as Fouad Abou Nader, Fadi Frem, Elie Hobeika and others. They were fierce fighters, and they were known for their violent performance in the field. This group was out of the direct control of the party.[4] He had his own views and principles, and he wanted to run for the Vice Presidency of the party, but his men said to him that they want him as the leader of the “Lebanese Forces” and not the VP of a party. In addition, many members of the party did not want him as the VP because he was the son of Pierre Gemayel, the founder and president of the party. The elections were cancelled and did not take place until after his assassination.[4]
He submitted his resignation from the party in 1976, but it was rejected. This was because the Kataeb Party had approved the entrance of the Syrian Army to Lebanon to put an end to the war, but Bachir refused to accept this, being strongly against the Syrian intervention because he believed that Syria wanted to annex Lebanon. He came to this conclusion because the Syrian officials repeatedly stated that Lebanon is part of Syria and that the Syrian Army doesn’t need anyone’s permission to enter Lebanon. Moreover, at that time, the Syrian educational system used to teach that Lebanon is a Syrian district.[4]
Military command[edit]
Conflict with the PLO[edit]
In 1975, Gemayel was accused by the LNM of being responsible for the Black Saturday massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims. According to Phalange member Karim Pakradouni, Bachir admitted to him that while being in an emotional state for the killing of four Phalangists earlier that day, he ordered his militiamen into the streets. Bachir added that when the situation developed into something he did not agree with and civilians were being killed, he tried to stop the killings but failed to.[5] However, according to Michel Samaha, another Phalange member, Bachir was outside Beirut, arriving after the killing of civilians had started. Michel Samaha added that Bachir was one of the many senior members of the Phalange Party who tried to stop this massacre.[5]




Bachir in the street


Christian East Beirut was ringed by heavily fortified Palestinian camps from which kidnappings and sniping against Lebanese civilians became a daily routine. Christian East Beirut became besieged by the PLO camps, with severe shortages of food and fuel. This unbearable situation led the Kataeb Forces and their allied Christian militias to besiege the Palestinian camps embedded in Christian East Beirut one at a time and bring them down. On January 18, 1976, Bachir led the invasion of the heavily fortified Karantina camp that was located near the strategic Beirut Harbor: About 1,000 PLO fighters and civilians were killed.[6] The Palestinian PLO and as-Saiqa forces retaliated by attacking the isolated defenseless Christian town of Damour about 20 miles south of Beirut on the coast, during the Damour massacre in which 1,000 Christian civilians were killed and 5,000 were sent fleeing north by boat, since all roads were blocked off.[7] The Maronites retaliated with the invasion of the Tel al-Zaatar camp that same year (The camp was placed under siege for 52 days by the Tigers militia led by Dany Chamoun). Bachir played an important role in the last stages of the battle: he sent a group of his forces that moved through the sewers and they blew up the ammunition storage in the camp. This incident was considered to be the lethal blow that led the fall of the camp.[8] The Christian militias also fought against the PLO and LNM militias at the Battle of the Hotels in central Beirut. Bachir led the battle for the Holiday Inn that had an important strategic location. The battle was a success for Bachir's troops, and they were able to move the PLO out of the hotel. After insuring the safety of the rear lines and their effectiveness (necessary for the safety of Christian East Beirut), Bachir and his troops decided to abandon the hotel.[9]




Bachir attending mass at a training camp


In 1976, with the death of William Hawi, killed by a sniper during the battle of Tall Al-Zaatar, Bachir became head of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia. Later that year, he became a leading member of the Lebanese Front, a coalition of several Christian parties, and commander of their military wing, the Lebanese Forces. A military coalition of several Christian militias which not only opposed the PLO but also the Syrian Army presence, who had entered Lebanon at first to assist in defeating Palestinian militants, before turning into occupiers.[10]




Bachir giving a speech at "Don Bosco" training camp


Bachir led his troops in the infamous “Hundred Days War” in Lebanon in 1978, in which the Lebanese Forces successfully resisted the Syrian shelling and attacking of Eastern Beirut for about three months before an Arab-brokered agreement forced the Syrians to end the siege. Syrians took high buildings such as Burj Rizk Achrafieh and Burj El Murr using snipers and heavy weapons against civilians. The soldiers stayed for 90 days. Another major clash took place near the Sodeco area in Achrafieh where the Lebanese Forces fought ferociously and led the Syrian army out of the Rizk Building.[11] This War led to the withdrawal of the Syrian troops from East Beirut and the free Christian Areas. At this time, Israel was the primary backer of the Lebanese Front’s militia.
In 1981 at Zahlé in the Beqaa, the largest Christian town in the East, confronted one of the biggest battles – both military and political – between the Lebanese Forces and the Syrian occupying forces. The Lebanese Forces were able to confront them and reverse the result of the battle of 1981 with the help of 92 Lebanese Forces soldiers (L.F Special Forces: The Maghaweer) sent from Beirut as well as the towns inhabitants. Regardless of the very bad weather and heavy bombing, convoys were sent in the snow to Zahle. The battle of Zahle gave the Lebanese Cause a new perspective in the International Communities, and by some was regarded as military and diplomatic victory. It strengthened Bashir Gemayel's position because of his leadership and important role in this battle. The battle started on 2 April 1981, and finished with a cease fire and Lebanese Internal Security Forces gendarmes were sent to Zahle. The 92 Lebanese Forces' commandos returned to Beirut on 1 July 1981.[12] (See: Battle of Zahleh for more details)
Tensions within the Lebanese Front[edit]




Bachir with Camille Chamoun


Despite its increasing success in its battles against the PLO and the Syrian troops two factors led to the eventual demise of the Lebanese Front.
Following the killing of many Phalangist members, in addition to a senior Phalangist by members of the Marada Brigade militia, which was led by a fellow member of the Lebanese Front, Tony Frangieh, Bachir called for a meeting to decide on what to do about this situation. At first, the decision was to capture Tony Frangieh, and force him to surrender the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists. However, there was concern about the consequences of this move. So, the decision was changed after many talks between the Phalangists present at the meeting. It was decided that the goal of the operation would be to capture the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists and it would be done on Tuesday to be sure that Tony Frangieh would have finished his weekend vacation and left Ehden. On 13 June 1978, Bachir sent a squadron of his men led by Samir Geagea and Elie Hobeika to Ehden, but what Bachir did not know is that Tony Frangieh never left Ehden since his car did not work. As soon as the squadron arrived, bullets were flying all over their heads, so they retaliated and this led to the killing of Tony Frangieh and his family, in addition to tens of members of the Marada militia. The incident is known as the Ehden massacre. Bachir was very angry about what happened, but he stood by his men. [13]
In 1980, in order to stop the clashes happening inside the Christian areas, between the Kataeb Militia and the Tigers Militia, and in order to eliminate the possibility of an Intra-Christian war, Bachir sent his troops to the town of Safra, where Dany Chamoun and members of his Tigers Militia were vacationing. The Tigers under the control of Elias el Hannache were exterminated in what was later named Safra massacre. Dany's life was spared and he sought refuge in West Beirut, but Camille Chamoun's support of the attack was interpreted as him believing that his son’s militia was getting too out of control.[14]
Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election[edit]
Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.[15] Defense Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, met with Bachir months earlier, telling him that the Israeli Defense Force were planning an invasion to uproot the PLO threat to Israel and to move them out of Lebanon.[16] While Bachir did not control Israel’s actions in Lebanon, the support Israel gave the Lebanese Forces, militarily and politically, angered many Lebanese leftists.
Bachir met with Hani Al Hassan (representative of the PLO) and told him that Israel would enter and wipe them out. Bachir told him to leave Lebanon peacefully before it was too late. Hani left and no reply was given to Bachir.[17]




Celebrations in Sassine Square after Bachir's election






Bachir with Philip Habib, who played an important role in Bachir's election


Israel invaded and the PLO were expelled from Lebanon in August 1982. During the invasion, the Israelis wanted the Lebanese Forces to assist the Israeli Army militarily by fighting the Palestinians and Muslims in West Beirut; however, Bachir refused that because he said that his forces would not assist an invading army. By now, Bachir had announced his candidacy for president. He was backed by the United States, who sent peacekeeping troops to oversee the withdrawal of the PLO from Lebanon. Bachir had requested that they stay longer to keep Lebanon stable until he could reunite it, but his request was denied. The Mossad also contributed to his presidency.[15] On 23 August 1982, being the only one to declare his bid, Bachir was elected president.[18][19]
On 1 September 1982, two weeks before his assassination and only one week after his election, Bachir met the Israeli Prime minister Menachem Begin in Nahariya. During the meeting, Begin demanded that Bachir sign a peace treaty with Israel as soon as he took office in return of Israel's earlier support of Lebanese Forces and he also told Bachir that the IDF would stay in South Lebanon if the Peace Treaty wasn't signed. Bachir was furious at Begin and told him that the Lebanese Forces didn't fight for seven years and that they didn't sacrifice thousands of soldiers to free Lebanon from the Syrian Army and the PLO so that Israel can take their place. Bachir also added that he will not sign the Peace Treaty without national consensus on the matter.
Begin was reportedly angry at Bachir for his public denial of Israel's support. Bachir refused signing a peace treaty arguing that time is needed to reach consensus with Lebanese Muslims and the Arab nations. This angered the Israelis because they knew that it is almost impossible for the Lebanese Muslims to agree on a Peace Treaty. They realized that Bachir was starting to distance himself from them.[20]
On 12 September 1982, in an attempt to fix the relations between Begin and Bachir, Ariel Sharon had a secret meeting with Bachir in Bikfaya. During the meeting, Bachir told Sharon that the Lebanese Army would soon enter into the Palestinian Camps to disarm any remaining fighters. They also agreed that the Lebanese Army would attack the Syrian Army's positions in Lebanon assisted by the Israeli Army. In addition, Sharon tried to convince Bachir about signing a Peace Treaty, but Bachir did not change his position on this matter.
Bachir had planned to use the IDF to push the Syrian Army out of Lebanon and then use his relations with the Americans to pressure the Israelis into withdrawing from Lebanese territory.[21]
Time as President elect[edit]
25 August : Deployment of International Separation Forces (mainly American, French, and Italian)
30 August  : Yasser Arafat leaves Beirut to Athens
1 September : Meeting between Presidents Bachir and Elias Sarkis with American Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
2 September : Opening the path of Sodeco that was previously considered as a separation line between East and West Beirut
4 September : The Lebanese Army enters West Beirut for the first time since 1973
9 September : The Lebanese Army enters the Palestinian Camp Bourj el-Barajneh and that was restricted since 1969 by the Cairo Agreement
10 September : The International Separation Forces leaves Lebanon after completing its task
11 September : Beirut's economic market resumes its activities; Bachir meets with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saeb Salam.
13 September : Beirut's seaport resumes its activities
During these 21 days, fighters from the Lebanese Forces were prohibited from wearing their army clothes and also from carrying their weapons in the streets. The Lebanese Army was the only armed force in the streets.
Assassination[edit]
On 14 September 1982, Bachir was addressing fellow Phalangists at their headquarters in Achrafieh for the last time as their leader and for the last time as commander of the Lebanese Forces. At 4:10 PM, a bomb was detonated at the headquarters, killing Bachir and 26 other Phalange politicians. Whereas rumors spread that Bachir had gotten out alive, it was confirmed the next morning by the Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan that Bachir was indeed assassinated.[22]
Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and also a Maronite Christian, was later arrested for the assassination. His sister was living in the apartment above the room Bachir was in. He had visited her the previous day and planted the bomb in her apartment. The next day, he called her and told her to get out of the building. Once she was out, he detonated the bomb from a few miles away from the building. When he came back to check on his sister, he was immediately arrested. He later confessed to it, saying he had done this because “Bachir had sold the country to Israel.” A reporter was heard telling him "You didn't kill a man, you killed a country." He was imprisoned for 8 years, until Syrian troops took over Lebanon at the end of the war and freed him on 13 October 1990. Amine Gemayel did not condemn Habib Shartouni because of immense Syrian pressure.[23]
Various theories exist as to other parties that had a hand in the assassination. Many point fingers at the Syrian government and then-Syrian President Hafez al-Assad for having knowledge of the assassination attempt and for backing Shartouni.[24] Even after they kept pressuring him, Bachir refused to immediately give Israel peace.[25]
Aftermath[edit]
Condemnations poured in from around the world, including from the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 520 as well as from American President Ronald Reagan. Reagan had been one of Bachir's most staunch supporters, saying "this promising young leader had brought the light of hope to Lebanon."[26]
Bachir Gemayel's older brother Amine Gemayel was then elected as president, serving from 1982 to 1988. Rather different in temperament, Amine Gemayel was widely regarded as more moderate than his brother.
Many of Bachir's followers were dissatisfied with Amine. Eventually, the Lebanese Forces became independent from the Phalange and its own political party.
Sabra and Shatila Massacre[edit]
Main article: Sabra and Shatila Massacre
The Sabra and Shatila massacre was the killing of between 762 and 3,500 civilians, mostly Palestinians and Lebanese Shiites, by a militia close to the Kataeb Party, also called Phalange, a predominantly Christian Lebanese right-wing party in the Sabra neighborhood and the adjacent Shatila refugee camp in Beirut, Lebanon.
The massacre was presented as retaliation for the assassination of newly elected Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel, the leader of the Lebanese Kataeb Party.
Legacy[edit]
Throughout the postwar period, the cult of Bashir Gemayel was the most visible commemorative phenomenon in parts of Beirut especially Ashrafieh. The leader of LF, is revered with a wealth of different signs, ranging from spray-painted profiles and posters in the public space of the entry hall of Beirut's old Jesuit university, University Saint-Joseph.
Personal life[edit]
Bachir Gemayel's widow, Solange Gemayel, works to keep his legacy alive through the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, a political and informational organization.
Bachir's eldest daughter, Maya, was murdered on 23 February 1980 at 18 months of age by a car bomb intended for her father.[27][28] He had two surviving children: His second daughter, Youmna, was born later in the year and received her degree in political science in Paris. She is now working towards her Masters in Management at ESA (École supérieure des affaires) in Beirut. Gemayel's son, Nadim, who was born a few months before Bachir was killed, was a law student and political activist, and was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament in 2009.
Political views[edit]
On relationship with the United States[edit]
The relations between Lebanon and the United States had a high priority rating on Gemayel’s agenda, and occupied a sizeable portion of his time and efforts. Bachir Gemayel believed that the U.S. and Lebanon are natural allies since they enjoy a common cultural affinity, similar ideological beliefs, free economic systems and strong commitment to human rights and dignity. He believed in the U.S. leadership of the Free World and he was confident that Washington would strengthen its ties to Lebanon. the Lebanese people, he declared, do not wish that their American friends fight their battle and suffer casualties. However, they look to the U.S. for economic and military aid so that they themselves may free their country.
When Alexander Haig, U.S. state secretary, subsequently declared that the fact of restoring peace and security to Lebanon would achieve the same result for all the countries of the region, Bashir wholeheartedly agreed with him and supported the new policy of the United States saying : “Mr. Alexander Haig is quite right in proclaiming this new attitude loud and clear. In fact, that its exactly what we have been saying for the past seven years!”
Bashir did not minimize the role of the Lebanese communities in the USA : he considered that his fellow-Lebanese living in the United States had an important role to play, and distinguished two stages in this context : the first stage, in which the Lebanese overseas communities would not play any role at all, i.e. the passive stage; and a positive stage in which they would promote the cause of their father land and lobby for a modification in U.S. foreign policy dealing with Lebanon. He said : “Two years ago, we were not present in the American Forum. The Palestinians have their lobby, so do the Jews, the Kurds and the Copts... As for us, whenever a representative of this country goes to the States, it is usually to collect donations to fix the belfry of such or such a Church, or to obtain a grant for some school or other in a village... But when our presence there became larger, people began to sit up and take interest in the Lebanese Cause...”
Bashir’s approach was not limited to this alone : he called for an efficient reorganiztion of the overseas Lebanese collectivities in the United States because, according to his views, they represented a non-negligible source of political and financial power. He suggested : “There is a vital necessity to reorganize the groups of Lebanese emigrants in a practical and modern manner, in order to create our own lobby, to promote the cause of our country in America. We cannot ignore the fact that the United States constitute the world’s center of gravity and that their influence in the Middle-East conflict is preponderant.” He stressed the importance of maintaining the best relations with the United States, particularly in Lebanon itself through the medium of U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib and the United States’ Embassy in Beirut. No effort must be neglected to enlist the active political support of the greatest nation in the world for the Lebanese cause. Bashir was confident that such good relations existed already:... “We entertain excellent relations with Philip Habib, with the United States’ Embassy in Beirut, and with the State Department in Washington through our offices abroad. We enjoy close relations with all the centers of power and gravity throughout the world.”
With regard to Ambassador Philip Habib’s mission in Lebanon, Bashir expressed the wish to see these efforts continue : “I hope that Ambassador Habib’s mission here will be pursued until we clear up all our problems with his help. In our present predicament we Lebanese are in dire need of friendship from abroad, to assist up in overcoming our difficulties and help us stand on our feet again...”
On relationship with European countries[edit]
Relations between Lebanon and the European States deteriorated because the latter also tried to solve the Middle-East problem at the expense of Lebanon. In addition to this factor, many European countries had adopted the obsequious policy of fawning on the Arab States in order to secure their oil supplies. This was done, of course, at the expense of the Christians, of their security, their very existence. Bashir referred to both these factors in one of his speeches : “Europe and many other States are not able to digest the Christian presence in this corner of the world, because it is a stumbling-block to most of their ambitions in this area... The Americans and the West have not yet assimilated the fact that we, the Christians of the Orient, represent their last line of defense against a return to the dark ages, against terror and blind fundamentalism, against those who seek to annihilate all the values of civilization and of their culture... Today, they want to ‘sell us down the river’ for a barrel of oil!”

Arab countries[edit]
Gemayel firmly believed that Lebanon has a great role to play in emancipation of the Arab world but that Lebanon must be respected and trusted as an equal and be free of foreign intervention (including Arab intervention) and that Arab governments must understand that Lebanon is a sovereign state and has right to reject any policy contrary to its national interests.
He warned the Arab world not to exploit the friendship and cooperation of the Lebanese people by attempting to settle Middle East conflicts at Lebanon's expense. He acknowledged, however, that during his visit to Taef, he was advised by his Saudi hosts that they understand Lebanon's problems and position on the PLO and Syria. Saudi leaders publicly lauded him for his leadership and vision.
Gemayel insisted in his talks that the PLO and Syrian armed presence in Lebanon is not negotiable or open for compromise since it undermines Lebanon's sovereignty which cannot be divided among non-Lebanese armies.
He also praised the efforts deployed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in helping Lebanon, and he called for stronger relations with these two countries. "The Lebanese people," he declared, "will reserve a special friendship for the Saudis and their Arab friends."
Institutions[edit]
Al-Ashbal: its first camp was organized under the patronage of Bashir in Jbeil scout camping grounds (1975).
Popular Committees: launched by Bashir in 1976, their aim is the people’s participation in the organization of daily life.
Hamat Airport: created by Bashir in 1976 for special tourist trips and for the export of agricultural products....
Radio Free Lebanon : founded by Bashir in 1978 to explain to the world the reality of the Lebanese cause.
Radio 102 : out of Bashir’s desire for a commercial station in order to alleviate the burden of the war (1979).
Delta Computer : founded in 1979 as a specialized information body related to all components of social organization.
Help Lebanon : founded to take care of children and alleviate the consequences of the war.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
Gamma Group : an institution including specialists to plan the building of a modern state in all of its sectors (1982).
The Lebanese Cultural Association : created in 1982 to deal with intellectual, literature and artistic affairs as well as Lebanese civilization.
Achrafieh Merchants Committee : created in 1982 to revive the economy and trade and organize the market.
Achrafieh Festival Committee : created in 1982 to organize fairs and exhibitions and to encourage artistic activities.[29]

Books about Bachir[edit]

Dameer wa Tareekh (ضمير وتاريخ)
Tareekh fi Rajol (تاريخ في رجل)
Rajol el Nahda (رجل النهضة)
Words from Bachir [30]



Preceded by
Elias Sarkis
President Elect of Lebanon
(assassinated before being sworn in)
–
Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


See also[edit]

List of attacks in Lebanon
Amine Gemayel
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Forces
Kataeb Party
Kataeb Regulatory Forces

References[edit]



^ Elected President on 23 August 1982 as the only candidate, for a term set to begin on 23 September 1982 and end on 22 September 1988, but never took office as he was assassinated on 14 September 1982.





^ Reuters (10 March 1982). "Phalangists identify bomber of Gemayel as Lebanese leftist". The New York Times. 
^ Neil A. Lewis (18 May 1988). "U.S. Links Men in Bomb Case To Lebanon Terrorist Group". The New York Times. 
^ "Bashir Gemayel (1947-1982)". Bachir Gemayel. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Hayek, Georges (2010). History in a Man – Bachir Gemayel. p. 68. 
^ a b [1] Archived 22 June 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Harris (p. 162) notes "the massacre of 1,500 Palestinians, Shi'is, and others in Karantina and Maslakh, and the revenge killings of hundreds of Christians in Damur"
^ "Historical Fact: The Massacre and Destruction of Damour". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 9 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "The Battle of Tel el Zaatar 1976". Liberty 05. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Lebanon: Beirut's Agony Under the Guns of March". Time. 5 April 1976. 
^ Interviews with Elie Karameh, Edmond Rizk, Louis Karam, Naji Boutrous and Salim Reaidi conducted in March 1995
^ Video on YouTube[dead link]
^ "Historical Fact: The Battle of Zahle - 1981". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 26 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ [2] Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Grange, South Australia; Thomas Hutchinson (1980-07-07). "Safra massacre". En.academic.ru. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ a b Bsisu, N. (2012). "Israeli Domestic Politics and the War in Lebanon" (PDF). Lights: The MESSA Journal. 29. Retrieved 23 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and Lebanon - Allies - Part 2". YouTube. 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 December 2012. 
^ قصة الموارنة في الحرب - جوزيف أبو خليل
^ Hayek, Georges (2010). Bachir Gemayel - History in a Man. self-published. p. 278. 
^ Hudson, Michael C. (1997). "Trying Again: Power-Sharing in Post-Civil War Lebanon" (PDF). International Negotiation. 2: 103–122. doi:10.1163/15718069720847889. Retrieved 4 July 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ Cobra - From Israel to Damascus
^ Khalife, Nabil (2008). Lebanon in Kissinger's Plan. Byblos Center for Research. p. 271. 
^ From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Friedman
^ "Bachir Gemayel Community Site - Who is Habib El-Shartouni ?". Bachirgemayel.org. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Wars of Lebanon - People". Wars.meskawi.nl. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "The New Lebanon Crisis". Time. 27 September 1982. Retrieved 26 April 2010. 
^ Statement on the Assassination of President-elect Bashir Gemayel of Lebanon
^ "Beirut Bomb Kills 8; Christian Militia Chief Believed to Be Target; Fought Palestinians and Leftists". The New York Times. 24 February 1980. p. 10. 
^ "Syrian chronicles 1973-1990". Tayyar. Archived from the original on 19 December 2011. Retrieved 11 April 2013. 
^ [3] Archived 21 September 2010 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Words from Bashir: Understanding the Mind of Lebanese Forces Founder Bashir Gemayel from His Speeches: Rani Geha: 9781442160743: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bachir Pierre Gemayel.


External links[edit]

Bachir Gemayel Community Site (Bachir Gemayel Foundation site)
The Lebanese Phalanges - Kataeb
Bachir Gemayel Squad Website







v
t
e


Presidents of Lebanon



French Mandate (1918-1943)





office established 1926
Charles Debbas
Privat-Antoine Aubouard*
Habib Pacha Es-Saad
Émile Eddé
Pierre-Georges Arlabosse*
Alfred Naqqache
Ayoub Tabet*
Petro Trad





Lebanese Republic (since 1943)





Bechara El Khoury
Émile Eddé
Bechara El Khoury
Fuad Chehab*
Camille Chamoun
Fuad Chehab
Charles Helou
Suleiman Frangieh
Elias Sarkis
Bachir Gemayel†
Amine Gemayel
Michel Aoun*
Selim Hoss*
René Moawad
Selim Hoss*
Elias Hrawi
Émile Lahoud
Fouad Siniora*
Michel Suleiman
Tammam Salam*
Michel Aoun





Elections



1943
1952
1958
1964
1970
1976
1982 (Aug)
1982 (Sep)
1989 (5 Nov)
1989 (24 Nov)
1998
2008
2014–2016






* denotes acting
† assassinated prior to taking office







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 183577963
LCCN: n82235767
ISNI: 0000 0003 6498 4451
GND: 119519631
SUDOC: 078999073
BNF: cb14548686j (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bachir_Gemayel&oldid=790388181"					
Categories: 1947 births1982 deathsPeople from BeirutLebanese MaronitesAssassinated heads of stateAssassinated Lebanese politiciansPresidents of LebanonPeople murdered in LebanonLebanese nationalistsLebanese anti-Syrian activistsKataeb Party politiciansLebanese Forces politiciansPeople of the Lebanese Civil WarGemayel familyAssassinations in LebanonLebanese anti-communistsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2012Articles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksUse dmy dates from December 2012Articles containing Arabic-language textPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parametersWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתKapampanganქართულიLatinaMaltiمصرىမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçeייִדישYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 12:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bachir Gemayel - Wikipedia






















 






Bachir Gemayel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bashir Jemayel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Bachir Gemayel
بشير الجميّل








President-elect of Lebanon


In office
Did not take office[a]


Preceded by
Elias Sarkis


Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


Leader of LF


In office
1976–1982


Succeeded by
Fadi Frem





Personal details


Born
(1947-11-10)10 November 1947
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Died
14 September 1982(1982-09-14) (aged 34)
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Political party
Kataeb


Spouse(s)
Solange Totonji (1977–1982, his death)


Relations
Amine Gemayel (brother)


Children
Maya Gemayel (1978–1980)
Youmna Gemayel
Nadim Gemayel


Parents
Pierre Gemayel
Genevieve Gemayel


Education
Saint Joseph University


Occupation
Lawyer





Lebanon






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Lebanon




Constitution


Constitution of 1926








Executive


President

List of presidents
Incumbent: Michel Aoun


Prime Minister

Incumbent: Saad Hariri


Cabinet








Legislature


Parliament

Speaker

Nabih Berri




Current members








Political parties


Lebanese Forces
Movement of the Future
Kataeb Party
Hezbollah
Free Patriotic Movement
Syrian Social Nationalist Party








Elections


Presidential: 2008, 2014–2016
General: 2009, next








Other issues


Governorates
Districts
Municipalities
Armed Forces
Human rights
Foreign relations









Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





Bachir Gemayel (Arabic: بشير الجميّل‎‎ Bashīr al-Jimayyel, also romanized al-Jumayyil and El Gemaiel. Arabic pronunciation: [baˈʃiːr ʤɪma.jɪl]; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was a Lebanese leader and president-elect. He was a senior member of the Phalange party and the supreme commander of the Lebanese Forces militia during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War (1975–90).
He was elected president on 23 August 1982 while the country was torn by civil war and occupied by both Israel and Syria. He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters. The bomb was planted by Habib Tanious Shartouni.[1] The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP).[2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Early activities in the Kataeb Party
3 Military command

3.1 Conflict with the PLO
3.2 Tensions within the Lebanese Front
3.3 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election


4 Time as President elect
5 Assassination

5.1 Aftermath

5.1.1 Sabra and Shatila Massacre
5.1.2 Legacy




6 Personal life
7 Political views

7.1 On relationship with the United States
7.2 On relationship with European countries
7.3 Arab countries


8 Institutions
9 Books about Bachir
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Early life[edit]




Bachir Gemayel as a child


Bachir was born in the Achrafieh neighborhood of Beirut on 10 November 1947, the youngest of six children. The Gemayel family originated from Bikfaya village in the Matn District of Lebanon and is one of the most influential Christian families in the country. His father was Pierre Gemayel, who founded the Phalange party in 1936 as a youth movement. Bachir Gemayel attended the Jesuit Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour and the Institution Moderne du Liban (IML)- Fanar. He completed his university education at St. Joseph University (Université Saint-Joseph - USJ) in Beirut. After teaching for three years at the Lebanese Modern Institute, he graduated in 1971 with a bachelor's degree in law and another in political sciences in 1973. In 1971, Gemayel studied at The Center for American and International Law near Dallas, Texas in the United States. Qualifying in 1972, he joined the bar association and opened an office in Hamra Street, West Beirut.[3]
Early activities in the Kataeb Party[edit]
Bachir became a member of the Kataeb Party´s youth section when he was 12 years old.[4] Bachir realized the dangers that surrounded Lebanon in 1958, so he spent a lot of time with the organized political wing of the Kataeb Party.[4] He attended the meetings organized by the Kataeb Student Section, and he was the president of the Kataeb Circle in St. Joseph University between 1965 and 1971.[4]
In the late 1960s, he underwent paramilitary training in Bikfaya, and he was appointed squad leader of a militia unit of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces - KRF (the Party's military wing formed in 1961). Then in the early 1970s, he formed the “Bikfaya Squad” within the RKF, where he became acquainted with the basics of military combat.[4] In 1968, he participated in a student colloquium organized by the newspaper Orient, following events which occurred across Lebanese universities between the Muslim and leftist Pan-Arabist students supporting the Palestinians in Lebanon on one side, and Lebanese Christian nationalist (Phoenicist) students (whom Bachir represented) on the other.
After the 1968-69 clashes between the Lebanese Army and the PLO, Bachir gathered a group of Christian students, and started training them in the Kataeb-run Tabrieh training camp, located near Bsharri in the Keserwan District mountains. This was the start of what would later become the Lebanese Forces. At this stage, he was a junior militia commander under the orders of William Hawi, the founder and head of the KRF.[4]




Bachir with his Father Pierre






Bachir with Kataeb Regulatory Forces militiamen


In 1970, Bachir was briefly kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Lebanon and taken to the Tel al-Zaatar refugee camp. He was released 8 hours later.
Bachir became a member of the “BG Squad” formed by William Hawi. He was a revolutionary in the party. He became close with Jean Nader, the leader of Achrafieh at that time, and became the vice president of that Lebanese Capital district, a position that he held from 1971 till 1975.[4]
Bachir became the head of the “BG Squad” after its members found him as a leader more close to their views. This group was formed of 12 specially trained members such as Fouad Abou Nader, Fadi Frem, Elie Hobeika and others. They were fierce fighters, and they were known for their violent performance in the field. This group was out of the direct control of the party.[4] He had his own views and principles, and he wanted to run for the Vice Presidency of the party, but his men said to him that they want him as the leader of the “Lebanese Forces” and not the VP of a party. In addition, many members of the party did not want him as the VP because he was the son of Pierre Gemayel, the founder and president of the party. The elections were cancelled and did not take place until after his assassination.[4]
He submitted his resignation from the party in 1976, but it was rejected. This was because the Kataeb Party had approved the entrance of the Syrian Army to Lebanon to put an end to the war, but Bachir refused to accept this, being strongly against the Syrian intervention because he believed that Syria wanted to annex Lebanon. He came to this conclusion because the Syrian officials repeatedly stated that Lebanon is part of Syria and that the Syrian Army doesn’t need anyone’s permission to enter Lebanon. Moreover, at that time, the Syrian educational system used to teach that Lebanon is a Syrian district.[4]
Military command[edit]
Conflict with the PLO[edit]
In 1975, Gemayel was accused by the LNM of being responsible for the Black Saturday massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims. According to Phalange member Karim Pakradouni, Bachir admitted to him that while being in an emotional state for the killing of four Phalangists earlier that day, he ordered his militiamen into the streets. Bachir added that when the situation developed into something he did not agree with and civilians were being killed, he tried to stop the killings but failed to.[5] However, according to Michel Samaha, another Phalange member, Bachir was outside Beirut, arriving after the killing of civilians had started. Michel Samaha added that Bachir was one of the many senior members of the Phalange Party who tried to stop this massacre.[5]




Bachir in the street


Christian East Beirut was ringed by heavily fortified Palestinian camps from which kidnappings and sniping against Lebanese civilians became a daily routine. Christian East Beirut became besieged by the PLO camps, with severe shortages of food and fuel. This unbearable situation led the Kataeb Forces and their allied Christian militias to besiege the Palestinian camps embedded in Christian East Beirut one at a time and bring them down. On January 18, 1976, Bachir led the invasion of the heavily fortified Karantina camp that was located near the strategic Beirut Harbor: About 1,000 PLO fighters and civilians were killed.[6] The Palestinian PLO and as-Saiqa forces retaliated by attacking the isolated defenseless Christian town of Damour about 20 miles south of Beirut on the coast, during the Damour massacre in which 1,000 Christian civilians were killed and 5,000 were sent fleeing north by boat, since all roads were blocked off.[7] The Maronites retaliated with the invasion of the Tel al-Zaatar camp that same year (The camp was placed under siege for 52 days by the Tigers militia led by Dany Chamoun). Bachir played an important role in the last stages of the battle: he sent a group of his forces that moved through the sewers and they blew up the ammunition storage in the camp. This incident was considered to be the lethal blow that led the fall of the camp.[8] The Christian militias also fought against the PLO and LNM militias at the Battle of the Hotels in central Beirut. Bachir led the battle for the Holiday Inn that had an important strategic location. The battle was a success for Bachir's troops, and they were able to move the PLO out of the hotel. After insuring the safety of the rear lines and their effectiveness (necessary for the safety of Christian East Beirut), Bachir and his troops decided to abandon the hotel.[9]




Bachir attending mass at a training camp


In 1976, with the death of William Hawi, killed by a sniper during the battle of Tall Al-Zaatar, Bachir became head of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia. Later that year, he became a leading member of the Lebanese Front, a coalition of several Christian parties, and commander of their military wing, the Lebanese Forces. A military coalition of several Christian militias which not only opposed the PLO but also the Syrian Army presence, who had entered Lebanon at first to assist in defeating Palestinian militants, before turning into occupiers.[10]




Bachir giving a speech at "Don Bosco" training camp


Bachir led his troops in the infamous “Hundred Days War” in Lebanon in 1978, in which the Lebanese Forces successfully resisted the Syrian shelling and attacking of Eastern Beirut for about three months before an Arab-brokered agreement forced the Syrians to end the siege. Syrians took high buildings such as Burj Rizk Achrafieh and Burj El Murr using snipers and heavy weapons against civilians. The soldiers stayed for 90 days. Another major clash took place near the Sodeco area in Achrafieh where the Lebanese Forces fought ferociously and led the Syrian army out of the Rizk Building.[11] This War led to the withdrawal of the Syrian troops from East Beirut and the free Christian Areas. At this time, Israel was the primary backer of the Lebanese Front’s militia.
In 1981 at Zahlé in the Beqaa, the largest Christian town in the East, confronted one of the biggest battles – both military and political – between the Lebanese Forces and the Syrian occupying forces. The Lebanese Forces were able to confront them and reverse the result of the battle of 1981 with the help of 92 Lebanese Forces soldiers (L.F Special Forces: The Maghaweer) sent from Beirut as well as the towns inhabitants. Regardless of the very bad weather and heavy bombing, convoys were sent in the snow to Zahle. The battle of Zahle gave the Lebanese Cause a new perspective in the International Communities, and by some was regarded as military and diplomatic victory. It strengthened Bashir Gemayel's position because of his leadership and important role in this battle. The battle started on 2 April 1981, and finished with a cease fire and Lebanese Internal Security Forces gendarmes were sent to Zahle. The 92 Lebanese Forces' commandos returned to Beirut on 1 July 1981.[12] (See: Battle of Zahleh for more details)
Tensions within the Lebanese Front[edit]




Bachir with Camille Chamoun


Despite its increasing success in its battles against the PLO and the Syrian troops two factors led to the eventual demise of the Lebanese Front.
Following the killing of many Phalangist members, in addition to a senior Phalangist by members of the Marada Brigade militia, which was led by a fellow member of the Lebanese Front, Tony Frangieh, Bachir called for a meeting to decide on what to do about this situation. At first, the decision was to capture Tony Frangieh, and force him to surrender the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists. However, there was concern about the consequences of this move. So, the decision was changed after many talks between the Phalangists present at the meeting. It was decided that the goal of the operation would be to capture the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists and it would be done on Tuesday to be sure that Tony Frangieh would have finished his weekend vacation and left Ehden. On 13 June 1978, Bachir sent a squadron of his men led by Samir Geagea and Elie Hobeika to Ehden, but what Bachir did not know is that Tony Frangieh never left Ehden since his car did not work. As soon as the squadron arrived, bullets were flying all over their heads, so they retaliated and this led to the killing of Tony Frangieh and his family, in addition to tens of members of the Marada militia. The incident is known as the Ehden massacre. Bachir was very angry about what happened, but he stood by his men. [13]
In 1980, in order to stop the clashes happening inside the Christian areas, between the Kataeb Militia and the Tigers Militia, and in order to eliminate the possibility of an Intra-Christian war, Bachir sent his troops to the town of Safra, where Dany Chamoun and members of his Tigers Militia were vacationing. The Tigers under the control of Elias el Hannache were exterminated in what was later named Safra massacre. Dany's life was spared and he sought refuge in West Beirut, but Camille Chamoun's support of the attack was interpreted as him believing that his son’s militia was getting too out of control.[14]
Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election[edit]
Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.[15] Defense Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, met with Bachir months earlier, telling him that the Israeli Defense Force were planning an invasion to uproot the PLO threat to Israel and to move them out of Lebanon.[16] While Bachir did not control Israel’s actions in Lebanon, the support Israel gave the Lebanese Forces, militarily and politically, angered many Lebanese leftists.
Bachir met with Hani Al Hassan (representative of the PLO) and told him that Israel would enter and wipe them out. Bachir told him to leave Lebanon peacefully before it was too late. Hani left and no reply was given to Bachir.[17]




Celebrations in Sassine Square after Bachir's election






Bachir with Philip Habib, who played an important role in Bachir's election


Israel invaded and the PLO were expelled from Lebanon in August 1982. During the invasion, the Israelis wanted the Lebanese Forces to assist the Israeli Army militarily by fighting the Palestinians and Muslims in West Beirut; however, Bachir refused that because he said that his forces would not assist an invading army. By now, Bachir had announced his candidacy for president. He was backed by the United States, who sent peacekeeping troops to oversee the withdrawal of the PLO from Lebanon. Bachir had requested that they stay longer to keep Lebanon stable until he could reunite it, but his request was denied. The Mossad also contributed to his presidency.[15] On 23 August 1982, being the only one to declare his bid, Bachir was elected president.[18][19]
On 1 September 1982, two weeks before his assassination and only one week after his election, Bachir met the Israeli Prime minister Menachem Begin in Nahariya. During the meeting, Begin demanded that Bachir sign a peace treaty with Israel as soon as he took office in return of Israel's earlier support of Lebanese Forces and he also told Bachir that the IDF would stay in South Lebanon if the Peace Treaty wasn't signed. Bachir was furious at Begin and told him that the Lebanese Forces didn't fight for seven years and that they didn't sacrifice thousands of soldiers to free Lebanon from the Syrian Army and the PLO so that Israel can take their place. Bachir also added that he will not sign the Peace Treaty without national consensus on the matter.
Begin was reportedly angry at Bachir for his public denial of Israel's support. Bachir refused signing a peace treaty arguing that time is needed to reach consensus with Lebanese Muslims and the Arab nations. This angered the Israelis because they knew that it is almost impossible for the Lebanese Muslims to agree on a Peace Treaty. They realized that Bachir was starting to distance himself from them.[20]
On 12 September 1982, in an attempt to fix the relations between Begin and Bachir, Ariel Sharon had a secret meeting with Bachir in Bikfaya. During the meeting, Bachir told Sharon that the Lebanese Army would soon enter into the Palestinian Camps to disarm any remaining fighters. They also agreed that the Lebanese Army would attack the Syrian Army's positions in Lebanon assisted by the Israeli Army. In addition, Sharon tried to convince Bachir about signing a Peace Treaty, but Bachir did not change his position on this matter.
Bachir had planned to use the IDF to push the Syrian Army out of Lebanon and then use his relations with the Americans to pressure the Israelis into withdrawing from Lebanese territory.[21]
Time as President elect[edit]
25 August : Deployment of International Separation Forces (mainly American, French, and Italian)
30 August  : Yasser Arafat leaves Beirut to Athens
1 September : Meeting between Presidents Bachir and Elias Sarkis with American Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
2 September : Opening the path of Sodeco that was previously considered as a separation line between East and West Beirut
4 September : The Lebanese Army enters West Beirut for the first time since 1973
9 September : The Lebanese Army enters the Palestinian Camp Bourj el-Barajneh and that was restricted since 1969 by the Cairo Agreement
10 September : The International Separation Forces leaves Lebanon after completing its task
11 September : Beirut's economic market resumes its activities; Bachir meets with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saeb Salam.
13 September : Beirut's seaport resumes its activities
During these 21 days, fighters from the Lebanese Forces were prohibited from wearing their army clothes and also from carrying their weapons in the streets. The Lebanese Army was the only armed force in the streets.
Assassination[edit]
On 14 September 1982, Bachir was addressing fellow Phalangists at their headquarters in Achrafieh for the last time as their leader and for the last time as commander of the Lebanese Forces. At 4:10 PM, a bomb was detonated at the headquarters, killing Bachir and 26 other Phalange politicians. Whereas rumors spread that Bachir had gotten out alive, it was confirmed the next morning by the Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan that Bachir was indeed assassinated.[22]
Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and also a Maronite Christian, was later arrested for the assassination. His sister was living in the apartment above the room Bachir was in. He had visited her the previous day and planted the bomb in her apartment. The next day, he called her and told her to get out of the building. Once she was out, he detonated the bomb from a few miles away from the building. When he came back to check on his sister, he was immediately arrested. He later confessed to it, saying he had done this because “Bachir had sold the country to Israel.” A reporter was heard telling him "You didn't kill a man, you killed a country." He was imprisoned for 8 years, until Syrian troops took over Lebanon at the end of the war and freed him on 13 October 1990. Amine Gemayel did not condemn Habib Shartouni because of immense Syrian pressure.[23]
Various theories exist as to other parties that had a hand in the assassination. Many point fingers at the Syrian government and then-Syrian President Hafez al-Assad for having knowledge of the assassination attempt and for backing Shartouni.[24] Even after they kept pressuring him, Bachir refused to immediately give Israel peace.[25]
Aftermath[edit]
Condemnations poured in from around the world, including from the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 520 as well as from American President Ronald Reagan. Reagan had been one of Bachir's most staunch supporters, saying "this promising young leader had brought the light of hope to Lebanon."[26]
Bachir Gemayel's older brother Amine Gemayel was then elected as president, serving from 1982 to 1988. Rather different in temperament, Amine Gemayel was widely regarded as more moderate than his brother.
Many of Bachir's followers were dissatisfied with Amine. Eventually, the Lebanese Forces became independent from the Phalange and its own political party.
Sabra and Shatila Massacre[edit]
Main article: Sabra and Shatila Massacre
The Sabra and Shatila massacre was the killing of between 762 and 3,500 civilians, mostly Palestinians and Lebanese Shiites, by a militia close to the Kataeb Party, also called Phalange, a predominantly Christian Lebanese right-wing party in the Sabra neighborhood and the adjacent Shatila refugee camp in Beirut, Lebanon.
The massacre was presented as retaliation for the assassination of newly elected Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel, the leader of the Lebanese Kataeb Party.
Legacy[edit]
Throughout the postwar period, the cult of Bashir Gemayel was the most visible commemorative phenomenon in parts of Beirut especially Ashrafieh. The leader of LF, is revered with a wealth of different signs, ranging from spray-painted profiles and posters in the public space of the entry hall of Beirut's old Jesuit university, University Saint-Joseph.
Personal life[edit]
Bachir Gemayel's widow, Solange Gemayel, works to keep his legacy alive through the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, a political and informational organization.
Bachir's eldest daughter, Maya, was murdered on 23 February 1980 at 18 months of age by a car bomb intended for her father.[27][28] He had two surviving children: His second daughter, Youmna, was born later in the year and received her degree in political science in Paris. She is now working towards her Masters in Management at ESA (École supérieure des affaires) in Beirut. Gemayel's son, Nadim, who was born a few months before Bachir was killed, was a law student and political activist, and was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament in 2009.
Political views[edit]
On relationship with the United States[edit]
The relations between Lebanon and the United States had a high priority rating on Gemayel’s agenda, and occupied a sizeable portion of his time and efforts. Bachir Gemayel believed that the U.S. and Lebanon are natural allies since they enjoy a common cultural affinity, similar ideological beliefs, free economic systems and strong commitment to human rights and dignity. He believed in the U.S. leadership of the Free World and he was confident that Washington would strengthen its ties to Lebanon. the Lebanese people, he declared, do not wish that their American friends fight their battle and suffer casualties. However, they look to the U.S. for economic and military aid so that they themselves may free their country.
When Alexander Haig, U.S. state secretary, subsequently declared that the fact of restoring peace and security to Lebanon would achieve the same result for all the countries of the region, Bashir wholeheartedly agreed with him and supported the new policy of the United States saying : “Mr. Alexander Haig is quite right in proclaiming this new attitude loud and clear. In fact, that its exactly what we have been saying for the past seven years!”
Bashir did not minimize the role of the Lebanese communities in the USA : he considered that his fellow-Lebanese living in the United States had an important role to play, and distinguished two stages in this context : the first stage, in which the Lebanese overseas communities would not play any role at all, i.e. the passive stage; and a positive stage in which they would promote the cause of their father land and lobby for a modification in U.S. foreign policy dealing with Lebanon. He said : “Two years ago, we were not present in the American Forum. The Palestinians have their lobby, so do the Jews, the Kurds and the Copts... As for us, whenever a representative of this country goes to the States, it is usually to collect donations to fix the belfry of such or such a Church, or to obtain a grant for some school or other in a village... But when our presence there became larger, people began to sit up and take interest in the Lebanese Cause...”
Bashir’s approach was not limited to this alone : he called for an efficient reorganiztion of the overseas Lebanese collectivities in the United States because, according to his views, they represented a non-negligible source of political and financial power. He suggested : “There is a vital necessity to reorganize the groups of Lebanese emigrants in a practical and modern manner, in order to create our own lobby, to promote the cause of our country in America. We cannot ignore the fact that the United States constitute the world’s center of gravity and that their influence in the Middle-East conflict is preponderant.” He stressed the importance of maintaining the best relations with the United States, particularly in Lebanon itself through the medium of U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib and the United States’ Embassy in Beirut. No effort must be neglected to enlist the active political support of the greatest nation in the world for the Lebanese cause. Bashir was confident that such good relations existed already:... “We entertain excellent relations with Philip Habib, with the United States’ Embassy in Beirut, and with the State Department in Washington through our offices abroad. We enjoy close relations with all the centers of power and gravity throughout the world.”
With regard to Ambassador Philip Habib’s mission in Lebanon, Bashir expressed the wish to see these efforts continue : “I hope that Ambassador Habib’s mission here will be pursued until we clear up all our problems with his help. In our present predicament we Lebanese are in dire need of friendship from abroad, to assist up in overcoming our difficulties and help us stand on our feet again...”
On relationship with European countries[edit]
Relations between Lebanon and the European States deteriorated because the latter also tried to solve the Middle-East problem at the expense of Lebanon. In addition to this factor, many European countries had adopted the obsequious policy of fawning on the Arab States in order to secure their oil supplies. This was done, of course, at the expense of the Christians, of their security, their very existence. Bashir referred to both these factors in one of his speeches : “Europe and many other States are not able to digest the Christian presence in this corner of the world, because it is a stumbling-block to most of their ambitions in this area... The Americans and the West have not yet assimilated the fact that we, the Christians of the Orient, represent their last line of defense against a return to the dark ages, against terror and blind fundamentalism, against those who seek to annihilate all the values of civilization and of their culture... Today, they want to ‘sell us down the river’ for a barrel of oil!”

Arab countries[edit]
Gemayel firmly believed that Lebanon has a great role to play in emancipation of the Arab world but that Lebanon must be respected and trusted as an equal and be free of foreign intervention (including Arab intervention) and that Arab governments must understand that Lebanon is a sovereign state and has right to reject any policy contrary to its national interests.
He warned the Arab world not to exploit the friendship and cooperation of the Lebanese people by attempting to settle Middle East conflicts at Lebanon's expense. He acknowledged, however, that during his visit to Taef, he was advised by his Saudi hosts that they understand Lebanon's problems and position on the PLO and Syria. Saudi leaders publicly lauded him for his leadership and vision.
Gemayel insisted in his talks that the PLO and Syrian armed presence in Lebanon is not negotiable or open for compromise since it undermines Lebanon's sovereignty which cannot be divided among non-Lebanese armies.
He also praised the efforts deployed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in helping Lebanon, and he called for stronger relations with these two countries. "The Lebanese people," he declared, "will reserve a special friendship for the Saudis and their Arab friends."
Institutions[edit]
Al-Ashbal: its first camp was organized under the patronage of Bashir in Jbeil scout camping grounds (1975).
Popular Committees: launched by Bashir in 1976, their aim is the people’s participation in the organization of daily life.
Hamat Airport: created by Bashir in 1976 for special tourist trips and for the export of agricultural products....
Radio Free Lebanon : founded by Bashir in 1978 to explain to the world the reality of the Lebanese cause.
Radio 102 : out of Bashir’s desire for a commercial station in order to alleviate the burden of the war (1979).
Delta Computer : founded in 1979 as a specialized information body related to all components of social organization.
Help Lebanon : founded to take care of children and alleviate the consequences of the war.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
Gamma Group : an institution including specialists to plan the building of a modern state in all of its sectors (1982).
The Lebanese Cultural Association : created in 1982 to deal with intellectual, literature and artistic affairs as well as Lebanese civilization.
Achrafieh Merchants Committee : created in 1982 to revive the economy and trade and organize the market.
Achrafieh Festival Committee : created in 1982 to organize fairs and exhibitions and to encourage artistic activities.[29]

Books about Bachir[edit]

Dameer wa Tareekh (ضمير وتاريخ)
Tareekh fi Rajol (تاريخ في رجل)
Rajol el Nahda (رجل النهضة)
Words from Bachir [30]



Preceded by
Elias Sarkis
President Elect of Lebanon
(assassinated before being sworn in)
–
Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


See also[edit]

List of attacks in Lebanon
Amine Gemayel
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Forces
Kataeb Party
Kataeb Regulatory Forces

References[edit]



^ Elected President on 23 August 1982 as the only candidate, for a term set to begin on 23 September 1982 and end on 22 September 1988, but never took office as he was assassinated on 14 September 1982.





^ Reuters (10 March 1982). "Phalangists identify bomber of Gemayel as Lebanese leftist". The New York Times. 
^ Neil A. Lewis (18 May 1988). "U.S. Links Men in Bomb Case To Lebanon Terrorist Group". The New York Times. 
^ "Bashir Gemayel (1947-1982)". Bachir Gemayel. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Hayek, Georges (2010). History in a Man – Bachir Gemayel. p. 68. 
^ a b [1] Archived 22 June 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Harris (p. 162) notes "the massacre of 1,500 Palestinians, Shi'is, and others in Karantina and Maslakh, and the revenge killings of hundreds of Christians in Damur"
^ "Historical Fact: The Massacre and Destruction of Damour". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 9 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "The Battle of Tel el Zaatar 1976". Liberty 05. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Lebanon: Beirut's Agony Under the Guns of March". Time. 5 April 1976. 
^ Interviews with Elie Karameh, Edmond Rizk, Louis Karam, Naji Boutrous and Salim Reaidi conducted in March 1995
^ Video on YouTube[dead link]
^ "Historical Fact: The Battle of Zahle - 1981". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 26 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ [2] Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Grange, South Australia; Thomas Hutchinson (1980-07-07). "Safra massacre". En.academic.ru. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ a b Bsisu, N. (2012). "Israeli Domestic Politics and the War in Lebanon" (PDF). Lights: The MESSA Journal. 29. Retrieved 23 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and Lebanon - Allies - Part 2". YouTube. 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 December 2012. 
^ قصة الموارنة في الحرب - جوزيف أبو خليل
^ Hayek, Georges (2010). Bachir Gemayel - History in a Man. self-published. p. 278. 
^ Hudson, Michael C. (1997). "Trying Again: Power-Sharing in Post-Civil War Lebanon" (PDF). International Negotiation. 2: 103–122. doi:10.1163/15718069720847889. Retrieved 4 July 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ Cobra - From Israel to Damascus
^ Khalife, Nabil (2008). Lebanon in Kissinger's Plan. Byblos Center for Research. p. 271. 
^ From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Friedman
^ "Bachir Gemayel Community Site - Who is Habib El-Shartouni ?". Bachirgemayel.org. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Wars of Lebanon - People". Wars.meskawi.nl. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "The New Lebanon Crisis". Time. 27 September 1982. Retrieved 26 April 2010. 
^ Statement on the Assassination of President-elect Bashir Gemayel of Lebanon
^ "Beirut Bomb Kills 8; Christian Militia Chief Believed to Be Target; Fought Palestinians and Leftists". The New York Times. 24 February 1980. p. 10. 
^ "Syrian chronicles 1973-1990". Tayyar. Archived from the original on 19 December 2011. Retrieved 11 April 2013. 
^ [3] Archived 21 September 2010 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Words from Bashir: Understanding the Mind of Lebanese Forces Founder Bashir Gemayel from His Speeches: Rani Geha: 9781442160743: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bachir Pierre Gemayel.


External links[edit]

Bachir Gemayel Community Site (Bachir Gemayel Foundation site)
The Lebanese Phalanges - Kataeb
Bachir Gemayel Squad Website







v
t
e


Presidents of Lebanon



French Mandate (1918-1943)





office established 1926
Charles Debbas
Privat-Antoine Aubouard*
Habib Pacha Es-Saad
Émile Eddé
Pierre-Georges Arlabosse*
Alfred Naqqache
Ayoub Tabet*
Petro Trad





Lebanese Republic (since 1943)





Bechara El Khoury
Émile Eddé
Bechara El Khoury
Fuad Chehab*
Camille Chamoun
Fuad Chehab
Charles Helou
Suleiman Frangieh
Elias Sarkis
Bachir Gemayel†
Amine Gemayel
Michel Aoun*
Selim Hoss*
René Moawad
Selim Hoss*
Elias Hrawi
Émile Lahoud
Fouad Siniora*
Michel Suleiman
Tammam Salam*
Michel Aoun





Elections



1943
1952
1958
1964
1970
1976
1982 (Aug)
1982 (Sep)
1989 (5 Nov)
1989 (24 Nov)
1998
2008
2014–2016






* denotes acting
† assassinated prior to taking office







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 183577963
LCCN: n82235767
ISNI: 0000 0003 6498 4451
GND: 119519631
SUDOC: 078999073
BNF: cb14548686j (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bachir_Gemayel&oldid=790388181"					
Categories: 1947 births1982 deathsPeople from BeirutLebanese MaronitesAssassinated heads of stateAssassinated Lebanese politiciansPresidents of LebanonPeople murdered in LebanonLebanese nationalistsLebanese anti-Syrian activistsKataeb Party politiciansLebanese Forces politiciansPeople of the Lebanese Civil WarGemayel familyAssassinations in LebanonLebanese anti-communistsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2012Articles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksUse dmy dates from December 2012Articles containing Arabic-language textPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parametersWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתKapampanganქართულიLatinaMaltiمصرىမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçeייִדישYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 12:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bachir Gemayel - Wikipedia






















 






Bachir Gemayel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bashir Jemayel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Bachir Gemayel
بشير الجميّل








President-elect of Lebanon


In office
Did not take office[a]


Preceded by
Elias Sarkis


Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


Leader of LF


In office
1976–1982


Succeeded by
Fadi Frem





Personal details


Born
(1947-11-10)10 November 1947
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Died
14 September 1982(1982-09-14) (aged 34)
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Political party
Kataeb


Spouse(s)
Solange Totonji (1977–1982, his death)


Relations
Amine Gemayel (brother)


Children
Maya Gemayel (1978–1980)
Youmna Gemayel
Nadim Gemayel


Parents
Pierre Gemayel
Genevieve Gemayel


Education
Saint Joseph University


Occupation
Lawyer





Lebanon






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Lebanon




Constitution


Constitution of 1926








Executive


President

List of presidents
Incumbent: Michel Aoun


Prime Minister

Incumbent: Saad Hariri


Cabinet








Legislature


Parliament

Speaker

Nabih Berri




Current members








Political parties


Lebanese Forces
Movement of the Future
Kataeb Party
Hezbollah
Free Patriotic Movement
Syrian Social Nationalist Party








Elections


Presidential: 2008, 2014–2016
General: 2009, next








Other issues


Governorates
Districts
Municipalities
Armed Forces
Human rights
Foreign relations









Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





Bachir Gemayel (Arabic: بشير الجميّل‎‎ Bashīr al-Jimayyel, also romanized al-Jumayyil and El Gemaiel. Arabic pronunciation: [baˈʃiːr ʤɪma.jɪl]; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was a Lebanese leader and president-elect. He was a senior member of the Phalange party and the supreme commander of the Lebanese Forces militia during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War (1975–90).
He was elected president on 23 August 1982 while the country was torn by civil war and occupied by both Israel and Syria. He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters. The bomb was planted by Habib Tanious Shartouni.[1] The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP).[2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Early activities in the Kataeb Party
3 Military command

3.1 Conflict with the PLO
3.2 Tensions within the Lebanese Front
3.3 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election


4 Time as President elect
5 Assassination

5.1 Aftermath

5.1.1 Sabra and Shatila Massacre
5.1.2 Legacy




6 Personal life
7 Political views

7.1 On relationship with the United States
7.2 On relationship with European countries
7.3 Arab countries


8 Institutions
9 Books about Bachir
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Early life[edit]




Bachir Gemayel as a child


Bachir was born in the Achrafieh neighborhood of Beirut on 10 November 1947, the youngest of six children. The Gemayel family originated from Bikfaya village in the Matn District of Lebanon and is one of the most influential Christian families in the country. His father was Pierre Gemayel, who founded the Phalange party in 1936 as a youth movement. Bachir Gemayel attended the Jesuit Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour and the Institution Moderne du Liban (IML)- Fanar. He completed his university education at St. Joseph University (Université Saint-Joseph - USJ) in Beirut. After teaching for three years at the Lebanese Modern Institute, he graduated in 1971 with a bachelor's degree in law and another in political sciences in 1973. In 1971, Gemayel studied at The Center for American and International Law near Dallas, Texas in the United States. Qualifying in 1972, he joined the bar association and opened an office in Hamra Street, West Beirut.[3]
Early activities in the Kataeb Party[edit]
Bachir became a member of the Kataeb Party´s youth section when he was 12 years old.[4] Bachir realized the dangers that surrounded Lebanon in 1958, so he spent a lot of time with the organized political wing of the Kataeb Party.[4] He attended the meetings organized by the Kataeb Student Section, and he was the president of the Kataeb Circle in St. Joseph University between 1965 and 1971.[4]
In the late 1960s, he underwent paramilitary training in Bikfaya, and he was appointed squad leader of a militia unit of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces - KRF (the Party's military wing formed in 1961). Then in the early 1970s, he formed the “Bikfaya Squad” within the RKF, where he became acquainted with the basics of military combat.[4] In 1968, he participated in a student colloquium organized by the newspaper Orient, following events which occurred across Lebanese universities between the Muslim and leftist Pan-Arabist students supporting the Palestinians in Lebanon on one side, and Lebanese Christian nationalist (Phoenicist) students (whom Bachir represented) on the other.
After the 1968-69 clashes between the Lebanese Army and the PLO, Bachir gathered a group of Christian students, and started training them in the Kataeb-run Tabrieh training camp, located near Bsharri in the Keserwan District mountains. This was the start of what would later become the Lebanese Forces. At this stage, he was a junior militia commander under the orders of William Hawi, the founder and head of the KRF.[4]




Bachir with his Father Pierre






Bachir with Kataeb Regulatory Forces militiamen


In 1970, Bachir was briefly kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Lebanon and taken to the Tel al-Zaatar refugee camp. He was released 8 hours later.
Bachir became a member of the “BG Squad” formed by William Hawi. He was a revolutionary in the party. He became close with Jean Nader, the leader of Achrafieh at that time, and became the vice president of that Lebanese Capital district, a position that he held from 1971 till 1975.[4]
Bachir became the head of the “BG Squad” after its members found him as a leader more close to their views. This group was formed of 12 specially trained members such as Fouad Abou Nader, Fadi Frem, Elie Hobeika and others. They were fierce fighters, and they were known for their violent performance in the field. This group was out of the direct control of the party.[4] He had his own views and principles, and he wanted to run for the Vice Presidency of the party, but his men said to him that they want him as the leader of the “Lebanese Forces” and not the VP of a party. In addition, many members of the party did not want him as the VP because he was the son of Pierre Gemayel, the founder and president of the party. The elections were cancelled and did not take place until after his assassination.[4]
He submitted his resignation from the party in 1976, but it was rejected. This was because the Kataeb Party had approved the entrance of the Syrian Army to Lebanon to put an end to the war, but Bachir refused to accept this, being strongly against the Syrian intervention because he believed that Syria wanted to annex Lebanon. He came to this conclusion because the Syrian officials repeatedly stated that Lebanon is part of Syria and that the Syrian Army doesn’t need anyone’s permission to enter Lebanon. Moreover, at that time, the Syrian educational system used to teach that Lebanon is a Syrian district.[4]
Military command[edit]
Conflict with the PLO[edit]
In 1975, Gemayel was accused by the LNM of being responsible for the Black Saturday massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims. According to Phalange member Karim Pakradouni, Bachir admitted to him that while being in an emotional state for the killing of four Phalangists earlier that day, he ordered his militiamen into the streets. Bachir added that when the situation developed into something he did not agree with and civilians were being killed, he tried to stop the killings but failed to.[5] However, according to Michel Samaha, another Phalange member, Bachir was outside Beirut, arriving after the killing of civilians had started. Michel Samaha added that Bachir was one of the many senior members of the Phalange Party who tried to stop this massacre.[5]




Bachir in the street


Christian East Beirut was ringed by heavily fortified Palestinian camps from which kidnappings and sniping against Lebanese civilians became a daily routine. Christian East Beirut became besieged by the PLO camps, with severe shortages of food and fuel. This unbearable situation led the Kataeb Forces and their allied Christian militias to besiege the Palestinian camps embedded in Christian East Beirut one at a time and bring them down. On January 18, 1976, Bachir led the invasion of the heavily fortified Karantina camp that was located near the strategic Beirut Harbor: About 1,000 PLO fighters and civilians were killed.[6] The Palestinian PLO and as-Saiqa forces retaliated by attacking the isolated defenseless Christian town of Damour about 20 miles south of Beirut on the coast, during the Damour massacre in which 1,000 Christian civilians were killed and 5,000 were sent fleeing north by boat, since all roads were blocked off.[7] The Maronites retaliated with the invasion of the Tel al-Zaatar camp that same year (The camp was placed under siege for 52 days by the Tigers militia led by Dany Chamoun). Bachir played an important role in the last stages of the battle: he sent a group of his forces that moved through the sewers and they blew up the ammunition storage in the camp. This incident was considered to be the lethal blow that led the fall of the camp.[8] The Christian militias also fought against the PLO and LNM militias at the Battle of the Hotels in central Beirut. Bachir led the battle for the Holiday Inn that had an important strategic location. The battle was a success for Bachir's troops, and they were able to move the PLO out of the hotel. After insuring the safety of the rear lines and their effectiveness (necessary for the safety of Christian East Beirut), Bachir and his troops decided to abandon the hotel.[9]




Bachir attending mass at a training camp


In 1976, with the death of William Hawi, killed by a sniper during the battle of Tall Al-Zaatar, Bachir became head of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia. Later that year, he became a leading member of the Lebanese Front, a coalition of several Christian parties, and commander of their military wing, the Lebanese Forces. A military coalition of several Christian militias which not only opposed the PLO but also the Syrian Army presence, who had entered Lebanon at first to assist in defeating Palestinian militants, before turning into occupiers.[10]




Bachir giving a speech at "Don Bosco" training camp


Bachir led his troops in the infamous “Hundred Days War” in Lebanon in 1978, in which the Lebanese Forces successfully resisted the Syrian shelling and attacking of Eastern Beirut for about three months before an Arab-brokered agreement forced the Syrians to end the siege. Syrians took high buildings such as Burj Rizk Achrafieh and Burj El Murr using snipers and heavy weapons against civilians. The soldiers stayed for 90 days. Another major clash took place near the Sodeco area in Achrafieh where the Lebanese Forces fought ferociously and led the Syrian army out of the Rizk Building.[11] This War led to the withdrawal of the Syrian troops from East Beirut and the free Christian Areas. At this time, Israel was the primary backer of the Lebanese Front’s militia.
In 1981 at Zahlé in the Beqaa, the largest Christian town in the East, confronted one of the biggest battles – both military and political – between the Lebanese Forces and the Syrian occupying forces. The Lebanese Forces were able to confront them and reverse the result of the battle of 1981 with the help of 92 Lebanese Forces soldiers (L.F Special Forces: The Maghaweer) sent from Beirut as well as the towns inhabitants. Regardless of the very bad weather and heavy bombing, convoys were sent in the snow to Zahle. The battle of Zahle gave the Lebanese Cause a new perspective in the International Communities, and by some was regarded as military and diplomatic victory. It strengthened Bashir Gemayel's position because of his leadership and important role in this battle. The battle started on 2 April 1981, and finished with a cease fire and Lebanese Internal Security Forces gendarmes were sent to Zahle. The 92 Lebanese Forces' commandos returned to Beirut on 1 July 1981.[12] (See: Battle of Zahleh for more details)
Tensions within the Lebanese Front[edit]




Bachir with Camille Chamoun


Despite its increasing success in its battles against the PLO and the Syrian troops two factors led to the eventual demise of the Lebanese Front.
Following the killing of many Phalangist members, in addition to a senior Phalangist by members of the Marada Brigade militia, which was led by a fellow member of the Lebanese Front, Tony Frangieh, Bachir called for a meeting to decide on what to do about this situation. At first, the decision was to capture Tony Frangieh, and force him to surrender the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists. However, there was concern about the consequences of this move. So, the decision was changed after many talks between the Phalangists present at the meeting. It was decided that the goal of the operation would be to capture the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists and it would be done on Tuesday to be sure that Tony Frangieh would have finished his weekend vacation and left Ehden. On 13 June 1978, Bachir sent a squadron of his men led by Samir Geagea and Elie Hobeika to Ehden, but what Bachir did not know is that Tony Frangieh never left Ehden since his car did not work. As soon as the squadron arrived, bullets were flying all over their heads, so they retaliated and this led to the killing of Tony Frangieh and his family, in addition to tens of members of the Marada militia. The incident is known as the Ehden massacre. Bachir was very angry about what happened, but he stood by his men. [13]
In 1980, in order to stop the clashes happening inside the Christian areas, between the Kataeb Militia and the Tigers Militia, and in order to eliminate the possibility of an Intra-Christian war, Bachir sent his troops to the town of Safra, where Dany Chamoun and members of his Tigers Militia were vacationing. The Tigers under the control of Elias el Hannache were exterminated in what was later named Safra massacre. Dany's life was spared and he sought refuge in West Beirut, but Camille Chamoun's support of the attack was interpreted as him believing that his son’s militia was getting too out of control.[14]
Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election[edit]
Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.[15] Defense Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, met with Bachir months earlier, telling him that the Israeli Defense Force were planning an invasion to uproot the PLO threat to Israel and to move them out of Lebanon.[16] While Bachir did not control Israel’s actions in Lebanon, the support Israel gave the Lebanese Forces, militarily and politically, angered many Lebanese leftists.
Bachir met with Hani Al Hassan (representative of the PLO) and told him that Israel would enter and wipe them out. Bachir told him to leave Lebanon peacefully before it was too late. Hani left and no reply was given to Bachir.[17]




Celebrations in Sassine Square after Bachir's election






Bachir with Philip Habib, who played an important role in Bachir's election


Israel invaded and the PLO were expelled from Lebanon in August 1982. During the invasion, the Israelis wanted the Lebanese Forces to assist the Israeli Army militarily by fighting the Palestinians and Muslims in West Beirut; however, Bachir refused that because he said that his forces would not assist an invading army. By now, Bachir had announced his candidacy for president. He was backed by the United States, who sent peacekeeping troops to oversee the withdrawal of the PLO from Lebanon. Bachir had requested that they stay longer to keep Lebanon stable until he could reunite it, but his request was denied. The Mossad also contributed to his presidency.[15] On 23 August 1982, being the only one to declare his bid, Bachir was elected president.[18][19]
On 1 September 1982, two weeks before his assassination and only one week after his election, Bachir met the Israeli Prime minister Menachem Begin in Nahariya. During the meeting, Begin demanded that Bachir sign a peace treaty with Israel as soon as he took office in return of Israel's earlier support of Lebanese Forces and he also told Bachir that the IDF would stay in South Lebanon if the Peace Treaty wasn't signed. Bachir was furious at Begin and told him that the Lebanese Forces didn't fight for seven years and that they didn't sacrifice thousands of soldiers to free Lebanon from the Syrian Army and the PLO so that Israel can take their place. Bachir also added that he will not sign the Peace Treaty without national consensus on the matter.
Begin was reportedly angry at Bachir for his public denial of Israel's support. Bachir refused signing a peace treaty arguing that time is needed to reach consensus with Lebanese Muslims and the Arab nations. This angered the Israelis because they knew that it is almost impossible for the Lebanese Muslims to agree on a Peace Treaty. They realized that Bachir was starting to distance himself from them.[20]
On 12 September 1982, in an attempt to fix the relations between Begin and Bachir, Ariel Sharon had a secret meeting with Bachir in Bikfaya. During the meeting, Bachir told Sharon that the Lebanese Army would soon enter into the Palestinian Camps to disarm any remaining fighters. They also agreed that the Lebanese Army would attack the Syrian Army's positions in Lebanon assisted by the Israeli Army. In addition, Sharon tried to convince Bachir about signing a Peace Treaty, but Bachir did not change his position on this matter.
Bachir had planned to use the IDF to push the Syrian Army out of Lebanon and then use his relations with the Americans to pressure the Israelis into withdrawing from Lebanese territory.[21]
Time as President elect[edit]
25 August : Deployment of International Separation Forces (mainly American, French, and Italian)
30 August  : Yasser Arafat leaves Beirut to Athens
1 September : Meeting between Presidents Bachir and Elias Sarkis with American Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
2 September : Opening the path of Sodeco that was previously considered as a separation line between East and West Beirut
4 September : The Lebanese Army enters West Beirut for the first time since 1973
9 September : The Lebanese Army enters the Palestinian Camp Bourj el-Barajneh and that was restricted since 1969 by the Cairo Agreement
10 September : The International Separation Forces leaves Lebanon after completing its task
11 September : Beirut's economic market resumes its activities; Bachir meets with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saeb Salam.
13 September : Beirut's seaport resumes its activities
During these 21 days, fighters from the Lebanese Forces were prohibited from wearing their army clothes and also from carrying their weapons in the streets. The Lebanese Army was the only armed force in the streets.
Assassination[edit]
On 14 September 1982, Bachir was addressing fellow Phalangists at their headquarters in Achrafieh for the last time as their leader and for the last time as commander of the Lebanese Forces. At 4:10 PM, a bomb was detonated at the headquarters, killing Bachir and 26 other Phalange politicians. Whereas rumors spread that Bachir had gotten out alive, it was confirmed the next morning by the Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan that Bachir was indeed assassinated.[22]
Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and also a Maronite Christian, was later arrested for the assassination. His sister was living in the apartment above the room Bachir was in. He had visited her the previous day and planted the bomb in her apartment. The next day, he called her and told her to get out of the building. Once she was out, he detonated the bomb from a few miles away from the building. When he came back to check on his sister, he was immediately arrested. He later confessed to it, saying he had done this because “Bachir had sold the country to Israel.” A reporter was heard telling him "You didn't kill a man, you killed a country." He was imprisoned for 8 years, until Syrian troops took over Lebanon at the end of the war and freed him on 13 October 1990. Amine Gemayel did not condemn Habib Shartouni because of immense Syrian pressure.[23]
Various theories exist as to other parties that had a hand in the assassination. Many point fingers at the Syrian government and then-Syrian President Hafez al-Assad for having knowledge of the assassination attempt and for backing Shartouni.[24] Even after they kept pressuring him, Bachir refused to immediately give Israel peace.[25]
Aftermath[edit]
Condemnations poured in from around the world, including from the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 520 as well as from American President Ronald Reagan. Reagan had been one of Bachir's most staunch supporters, saying "this promising young leader had brought the light of hope to Lebanon."[26]
Bachir Gemayel's older brother Amine Gemayel was then elected as president, serving from 1982 to 1988. Rather different in temperament, Amine Gemayel was widely regarded as more moderate than his brother.
Many of Bachir's followers were dissatisfied with Amine. Eventually, the Lebanese Forces became independent from the Phalange and its own political party.
Sabra and Shatila Massacre[edit]
Main article: Sabra and Shatila Massacre
The Sabra and Shatila massacre was the killing of between 762 and 3,500 civilians, mostly Palestinians and Lebanese Shiites, by a militia close to the Kataeb Party, also called Phalange, a predominantly Christian Lebanese right-wing party in the Sabra neighborhood and the adjacent Shatila refugee camp in Beirut, Lebanon.
The massacre was presented as retaliation for the assassination of newly elected Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel, the leader of the Lebanese Kataeb Party.
Legacy[edit]
Throughout the postwar period, the cult of Bashir Gemayel was the most visible commemorative phenomenon in parts of Beirut especially Ashrafieh. The leader of LF, is revered with a wealth of different signs, ranging from spray-painted profiles and posters in the public space of the entry hall of Beirut's old Jesuit university, University Saint-Joseph.
Personal life[edit]
Bachir Gemayel's widow, Solange Gemayel, works to keep his legacy alive through the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, a political and informational organization.
Bachir's eldest daughter, Maya, was murdered on 23 February 1980 at 18 months of age by a car bomb intended for her father.[27][28] He had two surviving children: His second daughter, Youmna, was born later in the year and received her degree in political science in Paris. She is now working towards her Masters in Management at ESA (École supérieure des affaires) in Beirut. Gemayel's son, Nadim, who was born a few months before Bachir was killed, was a law student and political activist, and was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament in 2009.
Political views[edit]
On relationship with the United States[edit]
The relations between Lebanon and the United States had a high priority rating on Gemayel’s agenda, and occupied a sizeable portion of his time and efforts. Bachir Gemayel believed that the U.S. and Lebanon are natural allies since they enjoy a common cultural affinity, similar ideological beliefs, free economic systems and strong commitment to human rights and dignity. He believed in the U.S. leadership of the Free World and he was confident that Washington would strengthen its ties to Lebanon. the Lebanese people, he declared, do not wish that their American friends fight their battle and suffer casualties. However, they look to the U.S. for economic and military aid so that they themselves may free their country.
When Alexander Haig, U.S. state secretary, subsequently declared that the fact of restoring peace and security to Lebanon would achieve the same result for all the countries of the region, Bashir wholeheartedly agreed with him and supported the new policy of the United States saying : “Mr. Alexander Haig is quite right in proclaiming this new attitude loud and clear. In fact, that its exactly what we have been saying for the past seven years!”
Bashir did not minimize the role of the Lebanese communities in the USA : he considered that his fellow-Lebanese living in the United States had an important role to play, and distinguished two stages in this context : the first stage, in which the Lebanese overseas communities would not play any role at all, i.e. the passive stage; and a positive stage in which they would promote the cause of their father land and lobby for a modification in U.S. foreign policy dealing with Lebanon. He said : “Two years ago, we were not present in the American Forum. The Palestinians have their lobby, so do the Jews, the Kurds and the Copts... As for us, whenever a representative of this country goes to the States, it is usually to collect donations to fix the belfry of such or such a Church, or to obtain a grant for some school or other in a village... But when our presence there became larger, people began to sit up and take interest in the Lebanese Cause...”
Bashir’s approach was not limited to this alone : he called for an efficient reorganiztion of the overseas Lebanese collectivities in the United States because, according to his views, they represented a non-negligible source of political and financial power. He suggested : “There is a vital necessity to reorganize the groups of Lebanese emigrants in a practical and modern manner, in order to create our own lobby, to promote the cause of our country in America. We cannot ignore the fact that the United States constitute the world’s center of gravity and that their influence in the Middle-East conflict is preponderant.” He stressed the importance of maintaining the best relations with the United States, particularly in Lebanon itself through the medium of U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib and the United States’ Embassy in Beirut. No effort must be neglected to enlist the active political support of the greatest nation in the world for the Lebanese cause. Bashir was confident that such good relations existed already:... “We entertain excellent relations with Philip Habib, with the United States’ Embassy in Beirut, and with the State Department in Washington through our offices abroad. We enjoy close relations with all the centers of power and gravity throughout the world.”
With regard to Ambassador Philip Habib’s mission in Lebanon, Bashir expressed the wish to see these efforts continue : “I hope that Ambassador Habib’s mission here will be pursued until we clear up all our problems with his help. In our present predicament we Lebanese are in dire need of friendship from abroad, to assist up in overcoming our difficulties and help us stand on our feet again...”
On relationship with European countries[edit]
Relations between Lebanon and the European States deteriorated because the latter also tried to solve the Middle-East problem at the expense of Lebanon. In addition to this factor, many European countries had adopted the obsequious policy of fawning on the Arab States in order to secure their oil supplies. This was done, of course, at the expense of the Christians, of their security, their very existence. Bashir referred to both these factors in one of his speeches : “Europe and many other States are not able to digest the Christian presence in this corner of the world, because it is a stumbling-block to most of their ambitions in this area... The Americans and the West have not yet assimilated the fact that we, the Christians of the Orient, represent their last line of defense against a return to the dark ages, against terror and blind fundamentalism, against those who seek to annihilate all the values of civilization and of their culture... Today, they want to ‘sell us down the river’ for a barrel of oil!”

Arab countries[edit]
Gemayel firmly believed that Lebanon has a great role to play in emancipation of the Arab world but that Lebanon must be respected and trusted as an equal and be free of foreign intervention (including Arab intervention) and that Arab governments must understand that Lebanon is a sovereign state and has right to reject any policy contrary to its national interests.
He warned the Arab world not to exploit the friendship and cooperation of the Lebanese people by attempting to settle Middle East conflicts at Lebanon's expense. He acknowledged, however, that during his visit to Taef, he was advised by his Saudi hosts that they understand Lebanon's problems and position on the PLO and Syria. Saudi leaders publicly lauded him for his leadership and vision.
Gemayel insisted in his talks that the PLO and Syrian armed presence in Lebanon is not negotiable or open for compromise since it undermines Lebanon's sovereignty which cannot be divided among non-Lebanese armies.
He also praised the efforts deployed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in helping Lebanon, and he called for stronger relations with these two countries. "The Lebanese people," he declared, "will reserve a special friendship for the Saudis and their Arab friends."
Institutions[edit]
Al-Ashbal: its first camp was organized under the patronage of Bashir in Jbeil scout camping grounds (1975).
Popular Committees: launched by Bashir in 1976, their aim is the people’s participation in the organization of daily life.
Hamat Airport: created by Bashir in 1976 for special tourist trips and for the export of agricultural products....
Radio Free Lebanon : founded by Bashir in 1978 to explain to the world the reality of the Lebanese cause.
Radio 102 : out of Bashir’s desire for a commercial station in order to alleviate the burden of the war (1979).
Delta Computer : founded in 1979 as a specialized information body related to all components of social organization.
Help Lebanon : founded to take care of children and alleviate the consequences of the war.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
Gamma Group : an institution including specialists to plan the building of a modern state in all of its sectors (1982).
The Lebanese Cultural Association : created in 1982 to deal with intellectual, literature and artistic affairs as well as Lebanese civilization.
Achrafieh Merchants Committee : created in 1982 to revive the economy and trade and organize the market.
Achrafieh Festival Committee : created in 1982 to organize fairs and exhibitions and to encourage artistic activities.[29]

Books about Bachir[edit]

Dameer wa Tareekh (ضمير وتاريخ)
Tareekh fi Rajol (تاريخ في رجل)
Rajol el Nahda (رجل النهضة)
Words from Bachir [30]



Preceded by
Elias Sarkis
President Elect of Lebanon
(assassinated before being sworn in)
–
Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


See also[edit]

List of attacks in Lebanon
Amine Gemayel
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Forces
Kataeb Party
Kataeb Regulatory Forces

References[edit]



^ Elected President on 23 August 1982 as the only candidate, for a term set to begin on 23 September 1982 and end on 22 September 1988, but never took office as he was assassinated on 14 September 1982.





^ Reuters (10 March 1982). "Phalangists identify bomber of Gemayel as Lebanese leftist". The New York Times. 
^ Neil A. Lewis (18 May 1988). "U.S. Links Men in Bomb Case To Lebanon Terrorist Group". The New York Times. 
^ "Bashir Gemayel (1947-1982)". Bachir Gemayel. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Hayek, Georges (2010). History in a Man – Bachir Gemayel. p. 68. 
^ a b [1] Archived 22 June 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Harris (p. 162) notes "the massacre of 1,500 Palestinians, Shi'is, and others in Karantina and Maslakh, and the revenge killings of hundreds of Christians in Damur"
^ "Historical Fact: The Massacre and Destruction of Damour". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 9 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "The Battle of Tel el Zaatar 1976". Liberty 05. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Lebanon: Beirut's Agony Under the Guns of March". Time. 5 April 1976. 
^ Interviews with Elie Karameh, Edmond Rizk, Louis Karam, Naji Boutrous and Salim Reaidi conducted in March 1995
^ Video on YouTube[dead link]
^ "Historical Fact: The Battle of Zahle - 1981". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 26 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ [2] Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Grange, South Australia; Thomas Hutchinson (1980-07-07). "Safra massacre". En.academic.ru. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ a b Bsisu, N. (2012). "Israeli Domestic Politics and the War in Lebanon" (PDF). Lights: The MESSA Journal. 29. Retrieved 23 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and Lebanon - Allies - Part 2". YouTube. 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 December 2012. 
^ قصة الموارنة في الحرب - جوزيف أبو خليل
^ Hayek, Georges (2010). Bachir Gemayel - History in a Man. self-published. p. 278. 
^ Hudson, Michael C. (1997). "Trying Again: Power-Sharing in Post-Civil War Lebanon" (PDF). International Negotiation. 2: 103–122. doi:10.1163/15718069720847889. Retrieved 4 July 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ Cobra - From Israel to Damascus
^ Khalife, Nabil (2008). Lebanon in Kissinger's Plan. Byblos Center for Research. p. 271. 
^ From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Friedman
^ "Bachir Gemayel Community Site - Who is Habib El-Shartouni ?". Bachirgemayel.org. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Wars of Lebanon - People". Wars.meskawi.nl. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "The New Lebanon Crisis". Time. 27 September 1982. Retrieved 26 April 2010. 
^ Statement on the Assassination of President-elect Bashir Gemayel of Lebanon
^ "Beirut Bomb Kills 8; Christian Militia Chief Believed to Be Target; Fought Palestinians and Leftists". The New York Times. 24 February 1980. p. 10. 
^ "Syrian chronicles 1973-1990". Tayyar. Archived from the original on 19 December 2011. Retrieved 11 April 2013. 
^ [3] Archived 21 September 2010 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Words from Bashir: Understanding the Mind of Lebanese Forces Founder Bashir Gemayel from His Speeches: Rani Geha: 9781442160743: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bachir Pierre Gemayel.


External links[edit]

Bachir Gemayel Community Site (Bachir Gemayel Foundation site)
The Lebanese Phalanges - Kataeb
Bachir Gemayel Squad Website







v
t
e


Presidents of Lebanon



French Mandate (1918-1943)





office established 1926
Charles Debbas
Privat-Antoine Aubouard*
Habib Pacha Es-Saad
Émile Eddé
Pierre-Georges Arlabosse*
Alfred Naqqache
Ayoub Tabet*
Petro Trad





Lebanese Republic (since 1943)





Bechara El Khoury
Émile Eddé
Bechara El Khoury
Fuad Chehab*
Camille Chamoun
Fuad Chehab
Charles Helou
Suleiman Frangieh
Elias Sarkis
Bachir Gemayel†
Amine Gemayel
Michel Aoun*
Selim Hoss*
René Moawad
Selim Hoss*
Elias Hrawi
Émile Lahoud
Fouad Siniora*
Michel Suleiman
Tammam Salam*
Michel Aoun





Elections



1943
1952
1958
1964
1970
1976
1982 (Aug)
1982 (Sep)
1989 (5 Nov)
1989 (24 Nov)
1998
2008
2014–2016






* denotes acting
† assassinated prior to taking office







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 183577963
LCCN: n82235767
ISNI: 0000 0003 6498 4451
GND: 119519631
SUDOC: 078999073
BNF: cb14548686j (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bachir_Gemayel&oldid=790388181"					
Categories: 1947 births1982 deathsPeople from BeirutLebanese MaronitesAssassinated heads of stateAssassinated Lebanese politiciansPresidents of LebanonPeople murdered in LebanonLebanese nationalistsLebanese anti-Syrian activistsKataeb Party politiciansLebanese Forces politiciansPeople of the Lebanese Civil WarGemayel familyAssassinations in LebanonLebanese anti-communistsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2012Articles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksUse dmy dates from December 2012Articles containing Arabic-language textPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parametersWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתKapampanganქართულიLatinaMaltiمصرىမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçeייִדישYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 12:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bachir Gemayel - Wikipedia






















 






Bachir Gemayel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bashir Jemayel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Bachir Gemayel
بشير الجميّل








President-elect of Lebanon


In office
Did not take office[a]


Preceded by
Elias Sarkis


Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


Leader of LF


In office
1976–1982


Succeeded by
Fadi Frem





Personal details


Born
(1947-11-10)10 November 1947
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Died
14 September 1982(1982-09-14) (aged 34)
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Political party
Kataeb


Spouse(s)
Solange Totonji (1977–1982, his death)


Relations
Amine Gemayel (brother)


Children
Maya Gemayel (1978–1980)
Youmna Gemayel
Nadim Gemayel


Parents
Pierre Gemayel
Genevieve Gemayel


Education
Saint Joseph University


Occupation
Lawyer





Lebanon






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Lebanon




Constitution


Constitution of 1926








Executive


President

List of presidents
Incumbent: Michel Aoun


Prime Minister

Incumbent: Saad Hariri


Cabinet








Legislature


Parliament

Speaker

Nabih Berri




Current members








Political parties


Lebanese Forces
Movement of the Future
Kataeb Party
Hezbollah
Free Patriotic Movement
Syrian Social Nationalist Party








Elections


Presidential: 2008, 2014–2016
General: 2009, next








Other issues


Governorates
Districts
Municipalities
Armed Forces
Human rights
Foreign relations









Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





Bachir Gemayel (Arabic: بشير الجميّل‎‎ Bashīr al-Jimayyel, also romanized al-Jumayyil and El Gemaiel. Arabic pronunciation: [baˈʃiːr ʤɪma.jɪl]; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was a Lebanese leader and president-elect. He was a senior member of the Phalange party and the supreme commander of the Lebanese Forces militia during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War (1975–90).
He was elected president on 23 August 1982 while the country was torn by civil war and occupied by both Israel and Syria. He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters. The bomb was planted by Habib Tanious Shartouni.[1] The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP).[2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Early activities in the Kataeb Party
3 Military command

3.1 Conflict with the PLO
3.2 Tensions within the Lebanese Front
3.3 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election


4 Time as President elect
5 Assassination

5.1 Aftermath

5.1.1 Sabra and Shatila Massacre
5.1.2 Legacy




6 Personal life
7 Political views

7.1 On relationship with the United States
7.2 On relationship with European countries
7.3 Arab countries


8 Institutions
9 Books about Bachir
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Early life[edit]




Bachir Gemayel as a child


Bachir was born in the Achrafieh neighborhood of Beirut on 10 November 1947, the youngest of six children. The Gemayel family originated from Bikfaya village in the Matn District of Lebanon and is one of the most influential Christian families in the country. His father was Pierre Gemayel, who founded the Phalange party in 1936 as a youth movement. Bachir Gemayel attended the Jesuit Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour and the Institution Moderne du Liban (IML)- Fanar. He completed his university education at St. Joseph University (Université Saint-Joseph - USJ) in Beirut. After teaching for three years at the Lebanese Modern Institute, he graduated in 1971 with a bachelor's degree in law and another in political sciences in 1973. In 1971, Gemayel studied at The Center for American and International Law near Dallas, Texas in the United States. Qualifying in 1972, he joined the bar association and opened an office in Hamra Street, West Beirut.[3]
Early activities in the Kataeb Party[edit]
Bachir became a member of the Kataeb Party´s youth section when he was 12 years old.[4] Bachir realized the dangers that surrounded Lebanon in 1958, so he spent a lot of time with the organized political wing of the Kataeb Party.[4] He attended the meetings organized by the Kataeb Student Section, and he was the president of the Kataeb Circle in St. Joseph University between 1965 and 1971.[4]
In the late 1960s, he underwent paramilitary training in Bikfaya, and he was appointed squad leader of a militia unit of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces - KRF (the Party's military wing formed in 1961). Then in the early 1970s, he formed the “Bikfaya Squad” within the RKF, where he became acquainted with the basics of military combat.[4] In 1968, he participated in a student colloquium organized by the newspaper Orient, following events which occurred across Lebanese universities between the Muslim and leftist Pan-Arabist students supporting the Palestinians in Lebanon on one side, and Lebanese Christian nationalist (Phoenicist) students (whom Bachir represented) on the other.
After the 1968-69 clashes between the Lebanese Army and the PLO, Bachir gathered a group of Christian students, and started training them in the Kataeb-run Tabrieh training camp, located near Bsharri in the Keserwan District mountains. This was the start of what would later become the Lebanese Forces. At this stage, he was a junior militia commander under the orders of William Hawi, the founder and head of the KRF.[4]




Bachir with his Father Pierre






Bachir with Kataeb Regulatory Forces militiamen


In 1970, Bachir was briefly kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Lebanon and taken to the Tel al-Zaatar refugee camp. He was released 8 hours later.
Bachir became a member of the “BG Squad” formed by William Hawi. He was a revolutionary in the party. He became close with Jean Nader, the leader of Achrafieh at that time, and became the vice president of that Lebanese Capital district, a position that he held from 1971 till 1975.[4]
Bachir became the head of the “BG Squad” after its members found him as a leader more close to their views. This group was formed of 12 specially trained members such as Fouad Abou Nader, Fadi Frem, Elie Hobeika and others. They were fierce fighters, and they were known for their violent performance in the field. This group was out of the direct control of the party.[4] He had his own views and principles, and he wanted to run for the Vice Presidency of the party, but his men said to him that they want him as the leader of the “Lebanese Forces” and not the VP of a party. In addition, many members of the party did not want him as the VP because he was the son of Pierre Gemayel, the founder and president of the party. The elections were cancelled and did not take place until after his assassination.[4]
He submitted his resignation from the party in 1976, but it was rejected. This was because the Kataeb Party had approved the entrance of the Syrian Army to Lebanon to put an end to the war, but Bachir refused to accept this, being strongly against the Syrian intervention because he believed that Syria wanted to annex Lebanon. He came to this conclusion because the Syrian officials repeatedly stated that Lebanon is part of Syria and that the Syrian Army doesn’t need anyone’s permission to enter Lebanon. Moreover, at that time, the Syrian educational system used to teach that Lebanon is a Syrian district.[4]
Military command[edit]
Conflict with the PLO[edit]
In 1975, Gemayel was accused by the LNM of being responsible for the Black Saturday massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims. According to Phalange member Karim Pakradouni, Bachir admitted to him that while being in an emotional state for the killing of four Phalangists earlier that day, he ordered his militiamen into the streets. Bachir added that when the situation developed into something he did not agree with and civilians were being killed, he tried to stop the killings but failed to.[5] However, according to Michel Samaha, another Phalange member, Bachir was outside Beirut, arriving after the killing of civilians had started. Michel Samaha added that Bachir was one of the many senior members of the Phalange Party who tried to stop this massacre.[5]




Bachir in the street


Christian East Beirut was ringed by heavily fortified Palestinian camps from which kidnappings and sniping against Lebanese civilians became a daily routine. Christian East Beirut became besieged by the PLO camps, with severe shortages of food and fuel. This unbearable situation led the Kataeb Forces and their allied Christian militias to besiege the Palestinian camps embedded in Christian East Beirut one at a time and bring them down. On January 18, 1976, Bachir led the invasion of the heavily fortified Karantina camp that was located near the strategic Beirut Harbor: About 1,000 PLO fighters and civilians were killed.[6] The Palestinian PLO and as-Saiqa forces retaliated by attacking the isolated defenseless Christian town of Damour about 20 miles south of Beirut on the coast, during the Damour massacre in which 1,000 Christian civilians were killed and 5,000 were sent fleeing north by boat, since all roads were blocked off.[7] The Maronites retaliated with the invasion of the Tel al-Zaatar camp that same year (The camp was placed under siege for 52 days by the Tigers militia led by Dany Chamoun). Bachir played an important role in the last stages of the battle: he sent a group of his forces that moved through the sewers and they blew up the ammunition storage in the camp. This incident was considered to be the lethal blow that led the fall of the camp.[8] The Christian militias also fought against the PLO and LNM militias at the Battle of the Hotels in central Beirut. Bachir led the battle for the Holiday Inn that had an important strategic location. The battle was a success for Bachir's troops, and they were able to move the PLO out of the hotel. After insuring the safety of the rear lines and their effectiveness (necessary for the safety of Christian East Beirut), Bachir and his troops decided to abandon the hotel.[9]




Bachir attending mass at a training camp


In 1976, with the death of William Hawi, killed by a sniper during the battle of Tall Al-Zaatar, Bachir became head of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia. Later that year, he became a leading member of the Lebanese Front, a coalition of several Christian parties, and commander of their military wing, the Lebanese Forces. A military coalition of several Christian militias which not only opposed the PLO but also the Syrian Army presence, who had entered Lebanon at first to assist in defeating Palestinian militants, before turning into occupiers.[10]




Bachir giving a speech at "Don Bosco" training camp


Bachir led his troops in the infamous “Hundred Days War” in Lebanon in 1978, in which the Lebanese Forces successfully resisted the Syrian shelling and attacking of Eastern Beirut for about three months before an Arab-brokered agreement forced the Syrians to end the siege. Syrians took high buildings such as Burj Rizk Achrafieh and Burj El Murr using snipers and heavy weapons against civilians. The soldiers stayed for 90 days. Another major clash took place near the Sodeco area in Achrafieh where the Lebanese Forces fought ferociously and led the Syrian army out of the Rizk Building.[11] This War led to the withdrawal of the Syrian troops from East Beirut and the free Christian Areas. At this time, Israel was the primary backer of the Lebanese Front’s militia.
In 1981 at Zahlé in the Beqaa, the largest Christian town in the East, confronted one of the biggest battles – both military and political – between the Lebanese Forces and the Syrian occupying forces. The Lebanese Forces were able to confront them and reverse the result of the battle of 1981 with the help of 92 Lebanese Forces soldiers (L.F Special Forces: The Maghaweer) sent from Beirut as well as the towns inhabitants. Regardless of the very bad weather and heavy bombing, convoys were sent in the snow to Zahle. The battle of Zahle gave the Lebanese Cause a new perspective in the International Communities, and by some was regarded as military and diplomatic victory. It strengthened Bashir Gemayel's position because of his leadership and important role in this battle. The battle started on 2 April 1981, and finished with a cease fire and Lebanese Internal Security Forces gendarmes were sent to Zahle. The 92 Lebanese Forces' commandos returned to Beirut on 1 July 1981.[12] (See: Battle of Zahleh for more details)
Tensions within the Lebanese Front[edit]




Bachir with Camille Chamoun


Despite its increasing success in its battles against the PLO and the Syrian troops two factors led to the eventual demise of the Lebanese Front.
Following the killing of many Phalangist members, in addition to a senior Phalangist by members of the Marada Brigade militia, which was led by a fellow member of the Lebanese Front, Tony Frangieh, Bachir called for a meeting to decide on what to do about this situation. At first, the decision was to capture Tony Frangieh, and force him to surrender the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists. However, there was concern about the consequences of this move. So, the decision was changed after many talks between the Phalangists present at the meeting. It was decided that the goal of the operation would be to capture the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists and it would be done on Tuesday to be sure that Tony Frangieh would have finished his weekend vacation and left Ehden. On 13 June 1978, Bachir sent a squadron of his men led by Samir Geagea and Elie Hobeika to Ehden, but what Bachir did not know is that Tony Frangieh never left Ehden since his car did not work. As soon as the squadron arrived, bullets were flying all over their heads, so they retaliated and this led to the killing of Tony Frangieh and his family, in addition to tens of members of the Marada militia. The incident is known as the Ehden massacre. Bachir was very angry about what happened, but he stood by his men. [13]
In 1980, in order to stop the clashes happening inside the Christian areas, between the Kataeb Militia and the Tigers Militia, and in order to eliminate the possibility of an Intra-Christian war, Bachir sent his troops to the town of Safra, where Dany Chamoun and members of his Tigers Militia were vacationing. The Tigers under the control of Elias el Hannache were exterminated in what was later named Safra massacre. Dany's life was spared and he sought refuge in West Beirut, but Camille Chamoun's support of the attack was interpreted as him believing that his son’s militia was getting too out of control.[14]
Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election[edit]
Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.[15] Defense Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, met with Bachir months earlier, telling him that the Israeli Defense Force were planning an invasion to uproot the PLO threat to Israel and to move them out of Lebanon.[16] While Bachir did not control Israel’s actions in Lebanon, the support Israel gave the Lebanese Forces, militarily and politically, angered many Lebanese leftists.
Bachir met with Hani Al Hassan (representative of the PLO) and told him that Israel would enter and wipe them out. Bachir told him to leave Lebanon peacefully before it was too late. Hani left and no reply was given to Bachir.[17]




Celebrations in Sassine Square after Bachir's election






Bachir with Philip Habib, who played an important role in Bachir's election


Israel invaded and the PLO were expelled from Lebanon in August 1982. During the invasion, the Israelis wanted the Lebanese Forces to assist the Israeli Army militarily by fighting the Palestinians and Muslims in West Beirut; however, Bachir refused that because he said that his forces would not assist an invading army. By now, Bachir had announced his candidacy for president. He was backed by the United States, who sent peacekeeping troops to oversee the withdrawal of the PLO from Lebanon. Bachir had requested that they stay longer to keep Lebanon stable until he could reunite it, but his request was denied. The Mossad also contributed to his presidency.[15] On 23 August 1982, being the only one to declare his bid, Bachir was elected president.[18][19]
On 1 September 1982, two weeks before his assassination and only one week after his election, Bachir met the Israeli Prime minister Menachem Begin in Nahariya. During the meeting, Begin demanded that Bachir sign a peace treaty with Israel as soon as he took office in return of Israel's earlier support of Lebanese Forces and he also told Bachir that the IDF would stay in South Lebanon if the Peace Treaty wasn't signed. Bachir was furious at Begin and told him that the Lebanese Forces didn't fight for seven years and that they didn't sacrifice thousands of soldiers to free Lebanon from the Syrian Army and the PLO so that Israel can take their place. Bachir also added that he will not sign the Peace Treaty without national consensus on the matter.
Begin was reportedly angry at Bachir for his public denial of Israel's support. Bachir refused signing a peace treaty arguing that time is needed to reach consensus with Lebanese Muslims and the Arab nations. This angered the Israelis because they knew that it is almost impossible for the Lebanese Muslims to agree on a Peace Treaty. They realized that Bachir was starting to distance himself from them.[20]
On 12 September 1982, in an attempt to fix the relations between Begin and Bachir, Ariel Sharon had a secret meeting with Bachir in Bikfaya. During the meeting, Bachir told Sharon that the Lebanese Army would soon enter into the Palestinian Camps to disarm any remaining fighters. They also agreed that the Lebanese Army would attack the Syrian Army's positions in Lebanon assisted by the Israeli Army. In addition, Sharon tried to convince Bachir about signing a Peace Treaty, but Bachir did not change his position on this matter.
Bachir had planned to use the IDF to push the Syrian Army out of Lebanon and then use his relations with the Americans to pressure the Israelis into withdrawing from Lebanese territory.[21]
Time as President elect[edit]
25 August : Deployment of International Separation Forces (mainly American, French, and Italian)
30 August  : Yasser Arafat leaves Beirut to Athens
1 September : Meeting between Presidents Bachir and Elias Sarkis with American Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
2 September : Opening the path of Sodeco that was previously considered as a separation line between East and West Beirut
4 September : The Lebanese Army enters West Beirut for the first time since 1973
9 September : The Lebanese Army enters the Palestinian Camp Bourj el-Barajneh and that was restricted since 1969 by the Cairo Agreement
10 September : The International Separation Forces leaves Lebanon after completing its task
11 September : Beirut's economic market resumes its activities; Bachir meets with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saeb Salam.
13 September : Beirut's seaport resumes its activities
During these 21 days, fighters from the Lebanese Forces were prohibited from wearing their army clothes and also from carrying their weapons in the streets. The Lebanese Army was the only armed force in the streets.
Assassination[edit]
On 14 September 1982, Bachir was addressing fellow Phalangists at their headquarters in Achrafieh for the last time as their leader and for the last time as commander of the Lebanese Forces. At 4:10 PM, a bomb was detonated at the headquarters, killing Bachir and 26 other Phalange politicians. Whereas rumors spread that Bachir had gotten out alive, it was confirmed the next morning by the Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan that Bachir was indeed assassinated.[22]
Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and also a Maronite Christian, was later arrested for the assassination. His sister was living in the apartment above the room Bachir was in. He had visited her the previous day and planted the bomb in her apartment. The next day, he called her and told her to get out of the building. Once she was out, he detonated the bomb from a few miles away from the building. When he came back to check on his sister, he was immediately arrested. He later confessed to it, saying he had done this because “Bachir had sold the country to Israel.” A reporter was heard telling him "You didn't kill a man, you killed a country." He was imprisoned for 8 years, until Syrian troops took over Lebanon at the end of the war and freed him on 13 October 1990. Amine Gemayel did not condemn Habib Shartouni because of immense Syrian pressure.[23]
Various theories exist as to other parties that had a hand in the assassination. Many point fingers at the Syrian government and then-Syrian President Hafez al-Assad for having knowledge of the assassination attempt and for backing Shartouni.[24] Even after they kept pressuring him, Bachir refused to immediately give Israel peace.[25]
Aftermath[edit]
Condemnations poured in from around the world, including from the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 520 as well as from American President Ronald Reagan. Reagan had been one of Bachir's most staunch supporters, saying "this promising young leader had brought the light of hope to Lebanon."[26]
Bachir Gemayel's older brother Amine Gemayel was then elected as president, serving from 1982 to 1988. Rather different in temperament, Amine Gemayel was widely regarded as more moderate than his brother.
Many of Bachir's followers were dissatisfied with Amine. Eventually, the Lebanese Forces became independent from the Phalange and its own political party.
Sabra and Shatila Massacre[edit]
Main article: Sabra and Shatila Massacre
The Sabra and Shatila massacre was the killing of between 762 and 3,500 civilians, mostly Palestinians and Lebanese Shiites, by a militia close to the Kataeb Party, also called Phalange, a predominantly Christian Lebanese right-wing party in the Sabra neighborhood and the adjacent Shatila refugee camp in Beirut, Lebanon.
The massacre was presented as retaliation for the assassination of newly elected Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel, the leader of the Lebanese Kataeb Party.
Legacy[edit]
Throughout the postwar period, the cult of Bashir Gemayel was the most visible commemorative phenomenon in parts of Beirut especially Ashrafieh. The leader of LF, is revered with a wealth of different signs, ranging from spray-painted profiles and posters in the public space of the entry hall of Beirut's old Jesuit university, University Saint-Joseph.
Personal life[edit]
Bachir Gemayel's widow, Solange Gemayel, works to keep his legacy alive through the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, a political and informational organization.
Bachir's eldest daughter, Maya, was murdered on 23 February 1980 at 18 months of age by a car bomb intended for her father.[27][28] He had two surviving children: His second daughter, Youmna, was born later in the year and received her degree in political science in Paris. She is now working towards her Masters in Management at ESA (École supérieure des affaires) in Beirut. Gemayel's son, Nadim, who was born a few months before Bachir was killed, was a law student and political activist, and was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament in 2009.
Political views[edit]
On relationship with the United States[edit]
The relations between Lebanon and the United States had a high priority rating on Gemayel’s agenda, and occupied a sizeable portion of his time and efforts. Bachir Gemayel believed that the U.S. and Lebanon are natural allies since they enjoy a common cultural affinity, similar ideological beliefs, free economic systems and strong commitment to human rights and dignity. He believed in the U.S. leadership of the Free World and he was confident that Washington would strengthen its ties to Lebanon. the Lebanese people, he declared, do not wish that their American friends fight their battle and suffer casualties. However, they look to the U.S. for economic and military aid so that they themselves may free their country.
When Alexander Haig, U.S. state secretary, subsequently declared that the fact of restoring peace and security to Lebanon would achieve the same result for all the countries of the region, Bashir wholeheartedly agreed with him and supported the new policy of the United States saying : “Mr. Alexander Haig is quite right in proclaiming this new attitude loud and clear. In fact, that its exactly what we have been saying for the past seven years!”
Bashir did not minimize the role of the Lebanese communities in the USA : he considered that his fellow-Lebanese living in the United States had an important role to play, and distinguished two stages in this context : the first stage, in which the Lebanese overseas communities would not play any role at all, i.e. the passive stage; and a positive stage in which they would promote the cause of their father land and lobby for a modification in U.S. foreign policy dealing with Lebanon. He said : “Two years ago, we were not present in the American Forum. The Palestinians have their lobby, so do the Jews, the Kurds and the Copts... As for us, whenever a representative of this country goes to the States, it is usually to collect donations to fix the belfry of such or such a Church, or to obtain a grant for some school or other in a village... But when our presence there became larger, people began to sit up and take interest in the Lebanese Cause...”
Bashir’s approach was not limited to this alone : he called for an efficient reorganiztion of the overseas Lebanese collectivities in the United States because, according to his views, they represented a non-negligible source of political and financial power. He suggested : “There is a vital necessity to reorganize the groups of Lebanese emigrants in a practical and modern manner, in order to create our own lobby, to promote the cause of our country in America. We cannot ignore the fact that the United States constitute the world’s center of gravity and that their influence in the Middle-East conflict is preponderant.” He stressed the importance of maintaining the best relations with the United States, particularly in Lebanon itself through the medium of U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib and the United States’ Embassy in Beirut. No effort must be neglected to enlist the active political support of the greatest nation in the world for the Lebanese cause. Bashir was confident that such good relations existed already:... “We entertain excellent relations with Philip Habib, with the United States’ Embassy in Beirut, and with the State Department in Washington through our offices abroad. We enjoy close relations with all the centers of power and gravity throughout the world.”
With regard to Ambassador Philip Habib’s mission in Lebanon, Bashir expressed the wish to see these efforts continue : “I hope that Ambassador Habib’s mission here will be pursued until we clear up all our problems with his help. In our present predicament we Lebanese are in dire need of friendship from abroad, to assist up in overcoming our difficulties and help us stand on our feet again...”
On relationship with European countries[edit]
Relations between Lebanon and the European States deteriorated because the latter also tried to solve the Middle-East problem at the expense of Lebanon. In addition to this factor, many European countries had adopted the obsequious policy of fawning on the Arab States in order to secure their oil supplies. This was done, of course, at the expense of the Christians, of their security, their very existence. Bashir referred to both these factors in one of his speeches : “Europe and many other States are not able to digest the Christian presence in this corner of the world, because it is a stumbling-block to most of their ambitions in this area... The Americans and the West have not yet assimilated the fact that we, the Christians of the Orient, represent their last line of defense against a return to the dark ages, against terror and blind fundamentalism, against those who seek to annihilate all the values of civilization and of their culture... Today, they want to ‘sell us down the river’ for a barrel of oil!”

Arab countries[edit]
Gemayel firmly believed that Lebanon has a great role to play in emancipation of the Arab world but that Lebanon must be respected and trusted as an equal and be free of foreign intervention (including Arab intervention) and that Arab governments must understand that Lebanon is a sovereign state and has right to reject any policy contrary to its national interests.
He warned the Arab world not to exploit the friendship and cooperation of the Lebanese people by attempting to settle Middle East conflicts at Lebanon's expense. He acknowledged, however, that during his visit to Taef, he was advised by his Saudi hosts that they understand Lebanon's problems and position on the PLO and Syria. Saudi leaders publicly lauded him for his leadership and vision.
Gemayel insisted in his talks that the PLO and Syrian armed presence in Lebanon is not negotiable or open for compromise since it undermines Lebanon's sovereignty which cannot be divided among non-Lebanese armies.
He also praised the efforts deployed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in helping Lebanon, and he called for stronger relations with these two countries. "The Lebanese people," he declared, "will reserve a special friendship for the Saudis and their Arab friends."
Institutions[edit]
Al-Ashbal: its first camp was organized under the patronage of Bashir in Jbeil scout camping grounds (1975).
Popular Committees: launched by Bashir in 1976, their aim is the people’s participation in the organization of daily life.
Hamat Airport: created by Bashir in 1976 for special tourist trips and for the export of agricultural products....
Radio Free Lebanon : founded by Bashir in 1978 to explain to the world the reality of the Lebanese cause.
Radio 102 : out of Bashir’s desire for a commercial station in order to alleviate the burden of the war (1979).
Delta Computer : founded in 1979 as a specialized information body related to all components of social organization.
Help Lebanon : founded to take care of children and alleviate the consequences of the war.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
Gamma Group : an institution including specialists to plan the building of a modern state in all of its sectors (1982).
The Lebanese Cultural Association : created in 1982 to deal with intellectual, literature and artistic affairs as well as Lebanese civilization.
Achrafieh Merchants Committee : created in 1982 to revive the economy and trade and organize the market.
Achrafieh Festival Committee : created in 1982 to organize fairs and exhibitions and to encourage artistic activities.[29]

Books about Bachir[edit]

Dameer wa Tareekh (ضمير وتاريخ)
Tareekh fi Rajol (تاريخ في رجل)
Rajol el Nahda (رجل النهضة)
Words from Bachir [30]



Preceded by
Elias Sarkis
President Elect of Lebanon
(assassinated before being sworn in)
–
Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


See also[edit]

List of attacks in Lebanon
Amine Gemayel
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Forces
Kataeb Party
Kataeb Regulatory Forces

References[edit]



^ Elected President on 23 August 1982 as the only candidate, for a term set to begin on 23 September 1982 and end on 22 September 1988, but never took office as he was assassinated on 14 September 1982.





^ Reuters (10 March 1982). "Phalangists identify bomber of Gemayel as Lebanese leftist". The New York Times. 
^ Neil A. Lewis (18 May 1988). "U.S. Links Men in Bomb Case To Lebanon Terrorist Group". The New York Times. 
^ "Bashir Gemayel (1947-1982)". Bachir Gemayel. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Hayek, Georges (2010). History in a Man – Bachir Gemayel. p. 68. 
^ a b [1] Archived 22 June 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Harris (p. 162) notes "the massacre of 1,500 Palestinians, Shi'is, and others in Karantina and Maslakh, and the revenge killings of hundreds of Christians in Damur"
^ "Historical Fact: The Massacre and Destruction of Damour". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 9 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "The Battle of Tel el Zaatar 1976". Liberty 05. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Lebanon: Beirut's Agony Under the Guns of March". Time. 5 April 1976. 
^ Interviews with Elie Karameh, Edmond Rizk, Louis Karam, Naji Boutrous and Salim Reaidi conducted in March 1995
^ Video on YouTube[dead link]
^ "Historical Fact: The Battle of Zahle - 1981". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 26 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ [2] Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Grange, South Australia; Thomas Hutchinson (1980-07-07). "Safra massacre". En.academic.ru. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ a b Bsisu, N. (2012). "Israeli Domestic Politics and the War in Lebanon" (PDF). Lights: The MESSA Journal. 29. Retrieved 23 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and Lebanon - Allies - Part 2". YouTube. 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 December 2012. 
^ قصة الموارنة في الحرب - جوزيف أبو خليل
^ Hayek, Georges (2010). Bachir Gemayel - History in a Man. self-published. p. 278. 
^ Hudson, Michael C. (1997). "Trying Again: Power-Sharing in Post-Civil War Lebanon" (PDF). International Negotiation. 2: 103–122. doi:10.1163/15718069720847889. Retrieved 4 July 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ Cobra - From Israel to Damascus
^ Khalife, Nabil (2008). Lebanon in Kissinger's Plan. Byblos Center for Research. p. 271. 
^ From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Friedman
^ "Bachir Gemayel Community Site - Who is Habib El-Shartouni ?". Bachirgemayel.org. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Wars of Lebanon - People". Wars.meskawi.nl. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "The New Lebanon Crisis". Time. 27 September 1982. Retrieved 26 April 2010. 
^ Statement on the Assassination of President-elect Bashir Gemayel of Lebanon
^ "Beirut Bomb Kills 8; Christian Militia Chief Believed to Be Target; Fought Palestinians and Leftists". The New York Times. 24 February 1980. p. 10. 
^ "Syrian chronicles 1973-1990". Tayyar. Archived from the original on 19 December 2011. Retrieved 11 April 2013. 
^ [3] Archived 21 September 2010 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Words from Bashir: Understanding the Mind of Lebanese Forces Founder Bashir Gemayel from His Speeches: Rani Geha: 9781442160743: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bachir Pierre Gemayel.


External links[edit]

Bachir Gemayel Community Site (Bachir Gemayel Foundation site)
The Lebanese Phalanges - Kataeb
Bachir Gemayel Squad Website







v
t
e


Presidents of Lebanon



French Mandate (1918-1943)





office established 1926
Charles Debbas
Privat-Antoine Aubouard*
Habib Pacha Es-Saad
Émile Eddé
Pierre-Georges Arlabosse*
Alfred Naqqache
Ayoub Tabet*
Petro Trad





Lebanese Republic (since 1943)





Bechara El Khoury
Émile Eddé
Bechara El Khoury
Fuad Chehab*
Camille Chamoun
Fuad Chehab
Charles Helou
Suleiman Frangieh
Elias Sarkis
Bachir Gemayel†
Amine Gemayel
Michel Aoun*
Selim Hoss*
René Moawad
Selim Hoss*
Elias Hrawi
Émile Lahoud
Fouad Siniora*
Michel Suleiman
Tammam Salam*
Michel Aoun





Elections



1943
1952
1958
1964
1970
1976
1982 (Aug)
1982 (Sep)
1989 (5 Nov)
1989 (24 Nov)
1998
2008
2014–2016






* denotes acting
† assassinated prior to taking office







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 183577963
LCCN: n82235767
ISNI: 0000 0003 6498 4451
GND: 119519631
SUDOC: 078999073
BNF: cb14548686j (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bachir_Gemayel&oldid=790388181"					
Categories: 1947 births1982 deathsPeople from BeirutLebanese MaronitesAssassinated heads of stateAssassinated Lebanese politiciansPresidents of LebanonPeople murdered in LebanonLebanese nationalistsLebanese anti-Syrian activistsKataeb Party politiciansLebanese Forces politiciansPeople of the Lebanese Civil WarGemayel familyAssassinations in LebanonLebanese anti-communistsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2012Articles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksUse dmy dates from December 2012Articles containing Arabic-language textPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parametersWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתKapampanganქართულიLatinaMaltiمصرىမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçeייִדישYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 12:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bachir Gemayel - Wikipedia






















 






Bachir Gemayel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bashir Jemayel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Bachir Gemayel
بشير الجميّل








President-elect of Lebanon


In office
Did not take office[a]


Preceded by
Elias Sarkis


Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


Leader of LF


In office
1976–1982


Succeeded by
Fadi Frem





Personal details


Born
(1947-11-10)10 November 1947
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Died
14 September 1982(1982-09-14) (aged 34)
Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon


Political party
Kataeb


Spouse(s)
Solange Totonji (1977–1982, his death)


Relations
Amine Gemayel (brother)


Children
Maya Gemayel (1978–1980)
Youmna Gemayel
Nadim Gemayel


Parents
Pierre Gemayel
Genevieve Gemayel


Education
Saint Joseph University


Occupation
Lawyer





Lebanon






This article is part of a series on the
politics and government of
Lebanon




Constitution


Constitution of 1926








Executive


President

List of presidents
Incumbent: Michel Aoun


Prime Minister

Incumbent: Saad Hariri


Cabinet








Legislature


Parliament

Speaker

Nabih Berri




Current members








Political parties


Lebanese Forces
Movement of the Future
Kataeb Party
Hezbollah
Free Patriotic Movement
Syrian Social Nationalist Party








Elections


Presidential: 2008, 2014–2016
General: 2009, next








Other issues


Governorates
Districts
Municipalities
Armed Forces
Human rights
Foreign relations









Other countries
Atlas








v
t
e





Bachir Gemayel (Arabic: بشير الجميّل‎‎ Bashīr al-Jimayyel, also romanized al-Jumayyil and El Gemaiel. Arabic pronunciation: [baˈʃiːr ʤɪma.jɪl]; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was a Lebanese leader and president-elect. He was a senior member of the Phalange party and the supreme commander of the Lebanese Forces militia during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War (1975–90).
He was elected president on 23 August 1982 while the country was torn by civil war and occupied by both Israel and Syria. He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters. The bomb was planted by Habib Tanious Shartouni.[1] The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP).[2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Early activities in the Kataeb Party
3 Military command

3.1 Conflict with the PLO
3.2 Tensions within the Lebanese Front
3.3 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election


4 Time as President elect
5 Assassination

5.1 Aftermath

5.1.1 Sabra and Shatila Massacre
5.1.2 Legacy




6 Personal life
7 Political views

7.1 On relationship with the United States
7.2 On relationship with European countries
7.3 Arab countries


8 Institutions
9 Books about Bachir
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Early life[edit]




Bachir Gemayel as a child


Bachir was born in the Achrafieh neighborhood of Beirut on 10 November 1947, the youngest of six children. The Gemayel family originated from Bikfaya village in the Matn District of Lebanon and is one of the most influential Christian families in the country. His father was Pierre Gemayel, who founded the Phalange party in 1936 as a youth movement. Bachir Gemayel attended the Jesuit Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour and the Institution Moderne du Liban (IML)- Fanar. He completed his university education at St. Joseph University (Université Saint-Joseph - USJ) in Beirut. After teaching for three years at the Lebanese Modern Institute, he graduated in 1971 with a bachelor's degree in law and another in political sciences in 1973. In 1971, Gemayel studied at The Center for American and International Law near Dallas, Texas in the United States. Qualifying in 1972, he joined the bar association and opened an office in Hamra Street, West Beirut.[3]
Early activities in the Kataeb Party[edit]
Bachir became a member of the Kataeb Party´s youth section when he was 12 years old.[4] Bachir realized the dangers that surrounded Lebanon in 1958, so he spent a lot of time with the organized political wing of the Kataeb Party.[4] He attended the meetings organized by the Kataeb Student Section, and he was the president of the Kataeb Circle in St. Joseph University between 1965 and 1971.[4]
In the late 1960s, he underwent paramilitary training in Bikfaya, and he was appointed squad leader of a militia unit of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces - KRF (the Party's military wing formed in 1961). Then in the early 1970s, he formed the “Bikfaya Squad” within the RKF, where he became acquainted with the basics of military combat.[4] In 1968, he participated in a student colloquium organized by the newspaper Orient, following events which occurred across Lebanese universities between the Muslim and leftist Pan-Arabist students supporting the Palestinians in Lebanon on one side, and Lebanese Christian nationalist (Phoenicist) students (whom Bachir represented) on the other.
After the 1968-69 clashes between the Lebanese Army and the PLO, Bachir gathered a group of Christian students, and started training them in the Kataeb-run Tabrieh training camp, located near Bsharri in the Keserwan District mountains. This was the start of what would later become the Lebanese Forces. At this stage, he was a junior militia commander under the orders of William Hawi, the founder and head of the KRF.[4]




Bachir with his Father Pierre






Bachir with Kataeb Regulatory Forces militiamen


In 1970, Bachir was briefly kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Lebanon and taken to the Tel al-Zaatar refugee camp. He was released 8 hours later.
Bachir became a member of the “BG Squad” formed by William Hawi. He was a revolutionary in the party. He became close with Jean Nader, the leader of Achrafieh at that time, and became the vice president of that Lebanese Capital district, a position that he held from 1971 till 1975.[4]
Bachir became the head of the “BG Squad” after its members found him as a leader more close to their views. This group was formed of 12 specially trained members such as Fouad Abou Nader, Fadi Frem, Elie Hobeika and others. They were fierce fighters, and they were known for their violent performance in the field. This group was out of the direct control of the party.[4] He had his own views and principles, and he wanted to run for the Vice Presidency of the party, but his men said to him that they want him as the leader of the “Lebanese Forces” and not the VP of a party. In addition, many members of the party did not want him as the VP because he was the son of Pierre Gemayel, the founder and president of the party. The elections were cancelled and did not take place until after his assassination.[4]
He submitted his resignation from the party in 1976, but it was rejected. This was because the Kataeb Party had approved the entrance of the Syrian Army to Lebanon to put an end to the war, but Bachir refused to accept this, being strongly against the Syrian intervention because he believed that Syria wanted to annex Lebanon. He came to this conclusion because the Syrian officials repeatedly stated that Lebanon is part of Syria and that the Syrian Army doesn’t need anyone’s permission to enter Lebanon. Moreover, at that time, the Syrian educational system used to teach that Lebanon is a Syrian district.[4]
Military command[edit]
Conflict with the PLO[edit]
In 1975, Gemayel was accused by the LNM of being responsible for the Black Saturday massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims. According to Phalange member Karim Pakradouni, Bachir admitted to him that while being in an emotional state for the killing of four Phalangists earlier that day, he ordered his militiamen into the streets. Bachir added that when the situation developed into something he did not agree with and civilians were being killed, he tried to stop the killings but failed to.[5] However, according to Michel Samaha, another Phalange member, Bachir was outside Beirut, arriving after the killing of civilians had started. Michel Samaha added that Bachir was one of the many senior members of the Phalange Party who tried to stop this massacre.[5]




Bachir in the street


Christian East Beirut was ringed by heavily fortified Palestinian camps from which kidnappings and sniping against Lebanese civilians became a daily routine. Christian East Beirut became besieged by the PLO camps, with severe shortages of food and fuel. This unbearable situation led the Kataeb Forces and their allied Christian militias to besiege the Palestinian camps embedded in Christian East Beirut one at a time and bring them down. On January 18, 1976, Bachir led the invasion of the heavily fortified Karantina camp that was located near the strategic Beirut Harbor: About 1,000 PLO fighters and civilians were killed.[6] The Palestinian PLO and as-Saiqa forces retaliated by attacking the isolated defenseless Christian town of Damour about 20 miles south of Beirut on the coast, during the Damour massacre in which 1,000 Christian civilians were killed and 5,000 were sent fleeing north by boat, since all roads were blocked off.[7] The Maronites retaliated with the invasion of the Tel al-Zaatar camp that same year (The camp was placed under siege for 52 days by the Tigers militia led by Dany Chamoun). Bachir played an important role in the last stages of the battle: he sent a group of his forces that moved through the sewers and they blew up the ammunition storage in the camp. This incident was considered to be the lethal blow that led the fall of the camp.[8] The Christian militias also fought against the PLO and LNM militias at the Battle of the Hotels in central Beirut. Bachir led the battle for the Holiday Inn that had an important strategic location. The battle was a success for Bachir's troops, and they were able to move the PLO out of the hotel. After insuring the safety of the rear lines and their effectiveness (necessary for the safety of Christian East Beirut), Bachir and his troops decided to abandon the hotel.[9]




Bachir attending mass at a training camp


In 1976, with the death of William Hawi, killed by a sniper during the battle of Tall Al-Zaatar, Bachir became head of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia. Later that year, he became a leading member of the Lebanese Front, a coalition of several Christian parties, and commander of their military wing, the Lebanese Forces. A military coalition of several Christian militias which not only opposed the PLO but also the Syrian Army presence, who had entered Lebanon at first to assist in defeating Palestinian militants, before turning into occupiers.[10]




Bachir giving a speech at "Don Bosco" training camp


Bachir led his troops in the infamous “Hundred Days War” in Lebanon in 1978, in which the Lebanese Forces successfully resisted the Syrian shelling and attacking of Eastern Beirut for about three months before an Arab-brokered agreement forced the Syrians to end the siege. Syrians took high buildings such as Burj Rizk Achrafieh and Burj El Murr using snipers and heavy weapons against civilians. The soldiers stayed for 90 days. Another major clash took place near the Sodeco area in Achrafieh where the Lebanese Forces fought ferociously and led the Syrian army out of the Rizk Building.[11] This War led to the withdrawal of the Syrian troops from East Beirut and the free Christian Areas. At this time, Israel was the primary backer of the Lebanese Front’s militia.
In 1981 at Zahlé in the Beqaa, the largest Christian town in the East, confronted one of the biggest battles – both military and political – between the Lebanese Forces and the Syrian occupying forces. The Lebanese Forces were able to confront them and reverse the result of the battle of 1981 with the help of 92 Lebanese Forces soldiers (L.F Special Forces: The Maghaweer) sent from Beirut as well as the towns inhabitants. Regardless of the very bad weather and heavy bombing, convoys were sent in the snow to Zahle. The battle of Zahle gave the Lebanese Cause a new perspective in the International Communities, and by some was regarded as military and diplomatic victory. It strengthened Bashir Gemayel's position because of his leadership and important role in this battle. The battle started on 2 April 1981, and finished with a cease fire and Lebanese Internal Security Forces gendarmes were sent to Zahle. The 92 Lebanese Forces' commandos returned to Beirut on 1 July 1981.[12] (See: Battle of Zahleh for more details)
Tensions within the Lebanese Front[edit]




Bachir with Camille Chamoun


Despite its increasing success in its battles against the PLO and the Syrian troops two factors led to the eventual demise of the Lebanese Front.
Following the killing of many Phalangist members, in addition to a senior Phalangist by members of the Marada Brigade militia, which was led by a fellow member of the Lebanese Front, Tony Frangieh, Bachir called for a meeting to decide on what to do about this situation. At first, the decision was to capture Tony Frangieh, and force him to surrender the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists. However, there was concern about the consequences of this move. So, the decision was changed after many talks between the Phalangists present at the meeting. It was decided that the goal of the operation would be to capture the members of the Marada militia who killed the Phalangists and it would be done on Tuesday to be sure that Tony Frangieh would have finished his weekend vacation and left Ehden. On 13 June 1978, Bachir sent a squadron of his men led by Samir Geagea and Elie Hobeika to Ehden, but what Bachir did not know is that Tony Frangieh never left Ehden since his car did not work. As soon as the squadron arrived, bullets were flying all over their heads, so they retaliated and this led to the killing of Tony Frangieh and his family, in addition to tens of members of the Marada militia. The incident is known as the Ehden massacre. Bachir was very angry about what happened, but he stood by his men. [13]
In 1980, in order to stop the clashes happening inside the Christian areas, between the Kataeb Militia and the Tigers Militia, and in order to eliminate the possibility of an Intra-Christian war, Bachir sent his troops to the town of Safra, where Dany Chamoun and members of his Tigers Militia were vacationing. The Tigers under the control of Elias el Hannache were exterminated in what was later named Safra massacre. Dany's life was spared and he sought refuge in West Beirut, but Camille Chamoun's support of the attack was interpreted as him believing that his son’s militia was getting too out of control.[14]
Israeli invasion of Lebanon and Bachir's election[edit]
Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.[15] Defense Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, met with Bachir months earlier, telling him that the Israeli Defense Force were planning an invasion to uproot the PLO threat to Israel and to move them out of Lebanon.[16] While Bachir did not control Israel’s actions in Lebanon, the support Israel gave the Lebanese Forces, militarily and politically, angered many Lebanese leftists.
Bachir met with Hani Al Hassan (representative of the PLO) and told him that Israel would enter and wipe them out. Bachir told him to leave Lebanon peacefully before it was too late. Hani left and no reply was given to Bachir.[17]




Celebrations in Sassine Square after Bachir's election






Bachir with Philip Habib, who played an important role in Bachir's election


Israel invaded and the PLO were expelled from Lebanon in August 1982. During the invasion, the Israelis wanted the Lebanese Forces to assist the Israeli Army militarily by fighting the Palestinians and Muslims in West Beirut; however, Bachir refused that because he said that his forces would not assist an invading army. By now, Bachir had announced his candidacy for president. He was backed by the United States, who sent peacekeeping troops to oversee the withdrawal of the PLO from Lebanon. Bachir had requested that they stay longer to keep Lebanon stable until he could reunite it, but his request was denied. The Mossad also contributed to his presidency.[15] On 23 August 1982, being the only one to declare his bid, Bachir was elected president.[18][19]
On 1 September 1982, two weeks before his assassination and only one week after his election, Bachir met the Israeli Prime minister Menachem Begin in Nahariya. During the meeting, Begin demanded that Bachir sign a peace treaty with Israel as soon as he took office in return of Israel's earlier support of Lebanese Forces and he also told Bachir that the IDF would stay in South Lebanon if the Peace Treaty wasn't signed. Bachir was furious at Begin and told him that the Lebanese Forces didn't fight for seven years and that they didn't sacrifice thousands of soldiers to free Lebanon from the Syrian Army and the PLO so that Israel can take their place. Bachir also added that he will not sign the Peace Treaty without national consensus on the matter.
Begin was reportedly angry at Bachir for his public denial of Israel's support. Bachir refused signing a peace treaty arguing that time is needed to reach consensus with Lebanese Muslims and the Arab nations. This angered the Israelis because they knew that it is almost impossible for the Lebanese Muslims to agree on a Peace Treaty. They realized that Bachir was starting to distance himself from them.[20]
On 12 September 1982, in an attempt to fix the relations between Begin and Bachir, Ariel Sharon had a secret meeting with Bachir in Bikfaya. During the meeting, Bachir told Sharon that the Lebanese Army would soon enter into the Palestinian Camps to disarm any remaining fighters. They also agreed that the Lebanese Army would attack the Syrian Army's positions in Lebanon assisted by the Israeli Army. In addition, Sharon tried to convince Bachir about signing a Peace Treaty, but Bachir did not change his position on this matter.
Bachir had planned to use the IDF to push the Syrian Army out of Lebanon and then use his relations with the Americans to pressure the Israelis into withdrawing from Lebanese territory.[21]
Time as President elect[edit]
25 August : Deployment of International Separation Forces (mainly American, French, and Italian)
30 August  : Yasser Arafat leaves Beirut to Athens
1 September : Meeting between Presidents Bachir and Elias Sarkis with American Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
2 September : Opening the path of Sodeco that was previously considered as a separation line between East and West Beirut
4 September : The Lebanese Army enters West Beirut for the first time since 1973
9 September : The Lebanese Army enters the Palestinian Camp Bourj el-Barajneh and that was restricted since 1969 by the Cairo Agreement
10 September : The International Separation Forces leaves Lebanon after completing its task
11 September : Beirut's economic market resumes its activities; Bachir meets with former Lebanese Prime Minister Saeb Salam.
13 September : Beirut's seaport resumes its activities
During these 21 days, fighters from the Lebanese Forces were prohibited from wearing their army clothes and also from carrying their weapons in the streets. The Lebanese Army was the only armed force in the streets.
Assassination[edit]
On 14 September 1982, Bachir was addressing fellow Phalangists at their headquarters in Achrafieh for the last time as their leader and for the last time as commander of the Lebanese Forces. At 4:10 PM, a bomb was detonated at the headquarters, killing Bachir and 26 other Phalange politicians. Whereas rumors spread that Bachir had gotten out alive, it was confirmed the next morning by the Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan that Bachir was indeed assassinated.[22]
Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and also a Maronite Christian, was later arrested for the assassination. His sister was living in the apartment above the room Bachir was in. He had visited her the previous day and planted the bomb in her apartment. The next day, he called her and told her to get out of the building. Once she was out, he detonated the bomb from a few miles away from the building. When he came back to check on his sister, he was immediately arrested. He later confessed to it, saying he had done this because “Bachir had sold the country to Israel.” A reporter was heard telling him "You didn't kill a man, you killed a country." He was imprisoned for 8 years, until Syrian troops took over Lebanon at the end of the war and freed him on 13 October 1990. Amine Gemayel did not condemn Habib Shartouni because of immense Syrian pressure.[23]
Various theories exist as to other parties that had a hand in the assassination. Many point fingers at the Syrian government and then-Syrian President Hafez al-Assad for having knowledge of the assassination attempt and for backing Shartouni.[24] Even after they kept pressuring him, Bachir refused to immediately give Israel peace.[25]
Aftermath[edit]
Condemnations poured in from around the world, including from the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 520 as well as from American President Ronald Reagan. Reagan had been one of Bachir's most staunch supporters, saying "this promising young leader had brought the light of hope to Lebanon."[26]
Bachir Gemayel's older brother Amine Gemayel was then elected as president, serving from 1982 to 1988. Rather different in temperament, Amine Gemayel was widely regarded as more moderate than his brother.
Many of Bachir's followers were dissatisfied with Amine. Eventually, the Lebanese Forces became independent from the Phalange and its own political party.
Sabra and Shatila Massacre[edit]
Main article: Sabra and Shatila Massacre
The Sabra and Shatila massacre was the killing of between 762 and 3,500 civilians, mostly Palestinians and Lebanese Shiites, by a militia close to the Kataeb Party, also called Phalange, a predominantly Christian Lebanese right-wing party in the Sabra neighborhood and the adjacent Shatila refugee camp in Beirut, Lebanon.
The massacre was presented as retaliation for the assassination of newly elected Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel, the leader of the Lebanese Kataeb Party.
Legacy[edit]
Throughout the postwar period, the cult of Bashir Gemayel was the most visible commemorative phenomenon in parts of Beirut especially Ashrafieh. The leader of LF, is revered with a wealth of different signs, ranging from spray-painted profiles and posters in the public space of the entry hall of Beirut's old Jesuit university, University Saint-Joseph.
Personal life[edit]
Bachir Gemayel's widow, Solange Gemayel, works to keep his legacy alive through the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, a political and informational organization.
Bachir's eldest daughter, Maya, was murdered on 23 February 1980 at 18 months of age by a car bomb intended for her father.[27][28] He had two surviving children: His second daughter, Youmna, was born later in the year and received her degree in political science in Paris. She is now working towards her Masters in Management at ESA (École supérieure des affaires) in Beirut. Gemayel's son, Nadim, who was born a few months before Bachir was killed, was a law student and political activist, and was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament in 2009.
Political views[edit]
On relationship with the United States[edit]
The relations between Lebanon and the United States had a high priority rating on Gemayel’s agenda, and occupied a sizeable portion of his time and efforts. Bachir Gemayel believed that the U.S. and Lebanon are natural allies since they enjoy a common cultural affinity, similar ideological beliefs, free economic systems and strong commitment to human rights and dignity. He believed in the U.S. leadership of the Free World and he was confident that Washington would strengthen its ties to Lebanon. the Lebanese people, he declared, do not wish that their American friends fight their battle and suffer casualties. However, they look to the U.S. for economic and military aid so that they themselves may free their country.
When Alexander Haig, U.S. state secretary, subsequently declared that the fact of restoring peace and security to Lebanon would achieve the same result for all the countries of the region, Bashir wholeheartedly agreed with him and supported the new policy of the United States saying : “Mr. Alexander Haig is quite right in proclaiming this new attitude loud and clear. In fact, that its exactly what we have been saying for the past seven years!”
Bashir did not minimize the role of the Lebanese communities in the USA : he considered that his fellow-Lebanese living in the United States had an important role to play, and distinguished two stages in this context : the first stage, in which the Lebanese overseas communities would not play any role at all, i.e. the passive stage; and a positive stage in which they would promote the cause of their father land and lobby for a modification in U.S. foreign policy dealing with Lebanon. He said : “Two years ago, we were not present in the American Forum. The Palestinians have their lobby, so do the Jews, the Kurds and the Copts... As for us, whenever a representative of this country goes to the States, it is usually to collect donations to fix the belfry of such or such a Church, or to obtain a grant for some school or other in a village... But when our presence there became larger, people began to sit up and take interest in the Lebanese Cause...”
Bashir’s approach was not limited to this alone : he called for an efficient reorganiztion of the overseas Lebanese collectivities in the United States because, according to his views, they represented a non-negligible source of political and financial power. He suggested : “There is a vital necessity to reorganize the groups of Lebanese emigrants in a practical and modern manner, in order to create our own lobby, to promote the cause of our country in America. We cannot ignore the fact that the United States constitute the world’s center of gravity and that their influence in the Middle-East conflict is preponderant.” He stressed the importance of maintaining the best relations with the United States, particularly in Lebanon itself through the medium of U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib and the United States’ Embassy in Beirut. No effort must be neglected to enlist the active political support of the greatest nation in the world for the Lebanese cause. Bashir was confident that such good relations existed already:... “We entertain excellent relations with Philip Habib, with the United States’ Embassy in Beirut, and with the State Department in Washington through our offices abroad. We enjoy close relations with all the centers of power and gravity throughout the world.”
With regard to Ambassador Philip Habib’s mission in Lebanon, Bashir expressed the wish to see these efforts continue : “I hope that Ambassador Habib’s mission here will be pursued until we clear up all our problems with his help. In our present predicament we Lebanese are in dire need of friendship from abroad, to assist up in overcoming our difficulties and help us stand on our feet again...”
On relationship with European countries[edit]
Relations between Lebanon and the European States deteriorated because the latter also tried to solve the Middle-East problem at the expense of Lebanon. In addition to this factor, many European countries had adopted the obsequious policy of fawning on the Arab States in order to secure their oil supplies. This was done, of course, at the expense of the Christians, of their security, their very existence. Bashir referred to both these factors in one of his speeches : “Europe and many other States are not able to digest the Christian presence in this corner of the world, because it is a stumbling-block to most of their ambitions in this area... The Americans and the West have not yet assimilated the fact that we, the Christians of the Orient, represent their last line of defense against a return to the dark ages, against terror and blind fundamentalism, against those who seek to annihilate all the values of civilization and of their culture... Today, they want to ‘sell us down the river’ for a barrel of oil!”

Arab countries[edit]
Gemayel firmly believed that Lebanon has a great role to play in emancipation of the Arab world but that Lebanon must be respected and trusted as an equal and be free of foreign intervention (including Arab intervention) and that Arab governments must understand that Lebanon is a sovereign state and has right to reject any policy contrary to its national interests.
He warned the Arab world not to exploit the friendship and cooperation of the Lebanese people by attempting to settle Middle East conflicts at Lebanon's expense. He acknowledged, however, that during his visit to Taef, he was advised by his Saudi hosts that they understand Lebanon's problems and position on the PLO and Syria. Saudi leaders publicly lauded him for his leadership and vision.
Gemayel insisted in his talks that the PLO and Syrian armed presence in Lebanon is not negotiable or open for compromise since it undermines Lebanon's sovereignty which cannot be divided among non-Lebanese armies.
He also praised the efforts deployed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in helping Lebanon, and he called for stronger relations with these two countries. "The Lebanese people," he declared, "will reserve a special friendship for the Saudis and their Arab friends."
Institutions[edit]
Al-Ashbal: its first camp was organized under the patronage of Bashir in Jbeil scout camping grounds (1975).
Popular Committees: launched by Bashir in 1976, their aim is the people’s participation in the organization of daily life.
Hamat Airport: created by Bashir in 1976 for special tourist trips and for the export of agricultural products....
Radio Free Lebanon : founded by Bashir in 1978 to explain to the world the reality of the Lebanese cause.
Radio 102 : out of Bashir’s desire for a commercial station in order to alleviate the burden of the war (1979).
Delta Computer : founded in 1979 as a specialized information body related to all components of social organization.
Help Lebanon : founded to take care of children and alleviate the consequences of the war.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
Gamma Group : an institution including specialists to plan the building of a modern state in all of its sectors (1982).
The Lebanese Cultural Association : created in 1982 to deal with intellectual, literature and artistic affairs as well as Lebanese civilization.
Achrafieh Merchants Committee : created in 1982 to revive the economy and trade and organize the market.
Achrafieh Festival Committee : created in 1982 to organize fairs and exhibitions and to encourage artistic activities.[29]

Books about Bachir[edit]

Dameer wa Tareekh (ضمير وتاريخ)
Tareekh fi Rajol (تاريخ في رجل)
Rajol el Nahda (رجل النهضة)
Words from Bachir [30]



Preceded by
Elias Sarkis
President Elect of Lebanon
(assassinated before being sworn in)
–
Succeeded by
Amine Gemayel


See also[edit]

List of attacks in Lebanon
Amine Gemayel
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Forces
Kataeb Party
Kataeb Regulatory Forces

References[edit]



^ Elected President on 23 August 1982 as the only candidate, for a term set to begin on 23 September 1982 and end on 22 September 1988, but never took office as he was assassinated on 14 September 1982.





^ Reuters (10 March 1982). "Phalangists identify bomber of Gemayel as Lebanese leftist". The New York Times. 
^ Neil A. Lewis (18 May 1988). "U.S. Links Men in Bomb Case To Lebanon Terrorist Group". The New York Times. 
^ "Bashir Gemayel (1947-1982)". Bachir Gemayel. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Hayek, Georges (2010). History in a Man – Bachir Gemayel. p. 68. 
^ a b [1] Archived 22 June 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Harris (p. 162) notes "the massacre of 1,500 Palestinians, Shi'is, and others in Karantina and Maslakh, and the revenge killings of hundreds of Christians in Damur"
^ "Historical Fact: The Massacre and Destruction of Damour". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 9 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "The Battle of Tel el Zaatar 1976". Liberty 05. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Lebanon: Beirut's Agony Under the Guns of March". Time. 5 April 1976. 
^ Interviews with Elie Karameh, Edmond Rizk, Louis Karam, Naji Boutrous and Salim Reaidi conducted in March 1995
^ Video on YouTube[dead link]
^ "Historical Fact: The Battle of Zahle - 1981". Lebanese Forces. Archived from the original on 26 June 2012. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ [2] Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Grange, South Australia; Thomas Hutchinson (1980-07-07). "Safra massacre". En.academic.ru. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ a b Bsisu, N. (2012). "Israeli Domestic Politics and the War in Lebanon" (PDF). Lights: The MESSA Journal. 29. Retrieved 23 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and Lebanon - Allies - Part 2". YouTube. 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 December 2012. 
^ قصة الموارنة في الحرب - جوزيف أبو خليل
^ Hayek, Georges (2010). Bachir Gemayel - History in a Man. self-published. p. 278. 
^ Hudson, Michael C. (1997). "Trying Again: Power-Sharing in Post-Civil War Lebanon" (PDF). International Negotiation. 2: 103–122. doi:10.1163/15718069720847889. Retrieved 4 July 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ Cobra - From Israel to Damascus
^ Khalife, Nabil (2008). Lebanon in Kissinger's Plan. Byblos Center for Research. p. 271. 
^ From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Friedman
^ "Bachir Gemayel Community Site - Who is Habib El-Shartouni ?". Bachirgemayel.org. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Wars of Lebanon - People". Wars.meskawi.nl. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "The New Lebanon Crisis". Time. 27 September 1982. Retrieved 26 April 2010. 
^ Statement on the Assassination of President-elect Bashir Gemayel of Lebanon
^ "Beirut Bomb Kills 8; Christian Militia Chief Believed to Be Target; Fought Palestinians and Leftists". The New York Times. 24 February 1980. p. 10. 
^ "Syrian chronicles 1973-1990". Tayyar. Archived from the original on 19 December 2011. Retrieved 11 April 2013. 
^ [3] Archived 21 September 2010 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Words from Bashir: Understanding the Mind of Lebanese Forces Founder Bashir Gemayel from His Speeches: Rani Geha: 9781442160743: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bachir Pierre Gemayel.


External links[edit]

Bachir Gemayel Community Site (Bachir Gemayel Foundation site)
The Lebanese Phalanges - Kataeb
Bachir Gemayel Squad Website







v
t
e


Presidents of Lebanon



French Mandate (1918-1943)





office established 1926
Charles Debbas
Privat-Antoine Aubouard*
Habib Pacha Es-Saad
Émile Eddé
Pierre-Georges Arlabosse*
Alfred Naqqache
Ayoub Tabet*
Petro Trad





Lebanese Republic (since 1943)





Bechara El Khoury
Émile Eddé
Bechara El Khoury
Fuad Chehab*
Camille Chamoun
Fuad Chehab
Charles Helou
Suleiman Frangieh
Elias Sarkis
Bachir Gemayel†
Amine Gemayel
Michel Aoun*
Selim Hoss*
René Moawad
Selim Hoss*
Elias Hrawi
Émile Lahoud
Fouad Siniora*
Michel Suleiman
Tammam Salam*
Michel Aoun





Elections



1943
1952
1958
1964
1970
1976
1982 (Aug)
1982 (Sep)
1989 (5 Nov)
1989 (24 Nov)
1998
2008
2014–2016






* denotes acting
† assassinated prior to taking office







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 183577963
LCCN: n82235767
ISNI: 0000 0003 6498 4451
GND: 119519631
SUDOC: 078999073
BNF: cb14548686j (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bachir_Gemayel&oldid=790388181"					
Categories: 1947 births1982 deathsPeople from BeirutLebanese MaronitesAssassinated heads of stateAssassinated Lebanese politiciansPresidents of LebanonPeople murdered in LebanonLebanese nationalistsLebanese anti-Syrian activistsKataeb Party politiciansLebanese Forces politiciansPeople of the Lebanese Civil WarGemayel familyAssassinations in LebanonLebanese anti-communistsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2012Articles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksUse dmy dates from December 2012Articles containing Arabic-language textPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parametersWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתKapampanganქართულიLatinaMaltiمصرىမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçeייִדישYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 12:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






