










 




GENERAL GRAPHENE Corp: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:00 PM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of GENERAL GRAPHENE Corp



Snapshot People




Company Overview
GENERAL GRAPHENE Corp manufactures and processes advanced material called graphene.  The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.


275 Midway RoadOak Ridge, TN 37830United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 865-789-7626

Fax: 865-220-2024

www.generalgraphenecorp.com







Key Executives for GENERAL GRAPHENE Corp




Mr. James Sherrill


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Gregory Erickson


      	Chief Financial Officer and Director
      








Mr. Glenn Patrick


      	Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 101 Pipe & Casing, Inc. United States 2Dye4 Anodizing, Inc United States 3 Dimensional Services, Inc. United States 3D Stone, Inc. United States 4-M Precision Stamping, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 23, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GENERAL GRAPHENE Corp, please visit www.generalgraphenecorp.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































 
























 











Comprehensive website to be launched soon...
Until then, please enjoy some news stories relevant to our business, per below:

 
  
 
 
 

 



SEPT. 05, 2014       EU Bets a Billion on Fantastic Voyage Exploiting Graphene [Bloomberg]
SEPT. 27, 2013       Graphene - the Fabric of Future Society [South China Morning Post]
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 












 ©2015 General Graphene Ltd. All rights reserved.





 General Inquiries: info@generalgraphene.com 










Graphenes









































 

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site without changing your browser settings, you are agreeing to Cabot’s use of cookies. Learn More

























Investors
Careers
Newsroom















                    Language
                




                                        English
                                    



                                        中文
                                    



                                        日本語
                                    



                                        Português
                                    



                                        Deutsch
                                    



                                        Nederlands
                                    



                                        Español (Argentina)
                                    



                                        Español (México)
                                    



                                        Español (Colombia)
                                    







                    Search
                































Solutions


Products +


Graphenes

Conductive Additives




Contact Us





Graphene-based additives & formulated solutions


                    We can deliver breakthrough performance with our best-in-class graphene-based products.
                
Graphene-based materials and graphenes are a family of industrial products produced using a variety of processes either from graphite or other precursors. These materials are typically a few-layered sheets of graphenes that are in the form of platelets and maintain some of the properties of pristine graphene (such as two-dimensional platelet shape, aspect ratio and graphitic bonding).
Leveraging our long history of experience with carbon materials, we are developing graphenes to create solutions that deliver breakthrough performance that can break trade-offs. Through in-house development and external collaborations, we have selected production routes that produce materials with unique morphologies and properties. We continue to develop and scale these capabilities in order to allow you to take full advantage of these performance benefits.

Applications

We are working with leading companies to solve some of their toughest problems with graphene nanoplatelet-containing compounds and masterbatches. In elastomers, we are finding that graphenes can increase modulus at a fraction of the loading of carbon black and thus can break important performance trade-offs offering our customers breakthrough product improvement and enable new applications. In plastics, graphene-oxide derived graphenes can deliver electrical conductivity at very low loadings and meet thermal stability, mechanical and cleanliness requirements.
Additionally, we are focused on the energy storage market, including Li-ion and Pb-acid batteries. We are working with several leading Li-ion battery producers to develop graphene-based dispersions that can deliver the long range conductivity that is needed to develop thicker electrodes with increased capacity. The morphology of graphenes allows for a formulation of low viscosity electrode pastes with good capacity. Our materials enable reductions in system costs for various applications in Pb-acid batteries.
Our conductive additive materials are valuable to many applications, such as:

Electrically conductive polymer compounds, composite materials, elastomers, coatings, battery electrodes and inks
Mechanically reinforced structural composites, elastomers and polymer compounds
Barrier films
Thermally conductive polymer compounds, composite materials, elastomers and coatings
Electromagnetic (EMI) shielding components


We are developing graphenes for a number of applications with selected collaborators and are interested in building a network of potential collaborators in both industry and academia to continue to advance our capabilities. If you are interested in using graphenes or are working in this area and would like to know more about our plans, please contact us.



”
Cabot has invested in the development of technologies for the production and use of graphenes by establishing a team that is focused on leveraging the company's experience in carbon materials to deliver graphene solutions that can break trade-offs for our customers and deliver unique performance.
"Commercializing graphene solutions for composites and batteries" in Printed Electronics World
READ THE ARTICLE

 





Contact
Our sales and customer service teams are ready to assist you.







SDS
Learn more about how to handle our products in a safe manner.







ADVANCING
Pushing the boundaries of innovation.




















 




 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













General Graphene Corporation | Startup Day 2015















 










For updates and event information for Startup Day 2017 & Innov865 Week, please visit innov865week.com

Menu







A celebration of Knoxville’s startup and entrepreneurial community
Thursday, November 19, 2015
U.S. Cellular Stage at The Bijou Theatre 







Tag Archives: General Graphene Corporation



Largest Series A Funding in the Region Announced at Startup Day 2015


(Knoxville, Tenn) – One of the largest Series A funding investments in the Southeast was announced today at Startup Day 2015, an annual event celebrating Knoxville’s startup and entrepreneurial community. General Graphene Corporation, led by serial entrepreneur Vig Sherrill, is the recipient of an investment from Angel Capital Group, a national syndicate of angel groups and funds.
“We are pleased to announce the Series A investment in General Graphene,” said Eric Dobson, Angel Capital Group Chief Executive Officer. Angel Capital Group is one of the largest angel networks in the country and is headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee. “General Graphene demonstrates the Angel Capital Group investment philosophy, which is to find the real innovator in the nation’s heartland who has demonstrated science and technology that can ultimately have worldwide impact.”
General Graphene, introduced by Sherrill during a Startup Day 2014 Power Pitch, will manufacture graphene, one of the most expensive substances on earth, making it affordable for material innovators throughout the world. At only one atom thick, graphene is harder than diamond; 200 times stronger than steel; 1,000 times the current carrying capacity and 20 times more thermally conductive than copper; impermeable to all substances known; inert in the human body; anti-microbial; corrosion resistant; flexible and almost transparent.
“We’ve developed the technology that will enable the mass production of high quality graphene at a low cost,” Sherrill said. “Angel Capital Group’s funding will allow us to make the machine that will then in turn make the graphene. We will build our first prototype in Oak Ridge, Tennessee and get into pre-production.”
General Graphene has licensed a graphene synthesis process developed by Oak Ridge National Laboratory that overcomes limitations of previously used techniques.
“Our approach represents a major step toward the goal of cost-effective industrial roll-to-roll graphene manufacturing,” said ORNL co-inventor Ivan Vlassiouk. “We appreciate General Graphene’s entrepreneurial vision and expertise in transitioning our scientific research to the commercial marketplace.”
According to Dobson, General Graphene is a perfect fit for Angel Capital Group’s funding model—a model that brings angel investors and entrepreneurs together in an environment that celebrates innovation, rewards strategic risk-taking, and focuses on performance.
“Our model is that we find the real true innovation, that you can touch, feel and see the scalability potential,” he said. “General Graphene is real; it can be scaled up and grown to maturity. We are excited to be a part of this world-changing investment.”
The use of graphene is only limited by the imagination of the user. The substance itself has virtually unlimited applications.
“Imagine having tires that only weigh two to three pounds; airplane wings that weigh a hundred pounds; and clothing that becomes bulletproof based on the fact that its made out of graphene,” Sherrill said. “That’s the potential of graphene. Nobody is using it now because you can’t buy enough to use; you can’t get the material to experiment with because it’s too expensive.”
Now with the Angel Capital Group’s Series A funding, General Graphene has the foundation needed to mass-produce high quality, low cost graphene.
“Angel Capital Group gets all the credit for making this possible,” Sherrill said. “They put together a model that worked for us.”
Angel Capital Group and one syndication partner have extended General Graphene a term sheet for the entire round and it will be completed by November 30, 2015.
About Startup Day
Several organizations that share in the mission of promoting new ideas and businesses, host Startup Day, an annual event that showcases Knoxville as a destination for startups and entrepreneurs. The event is hosted by: The University of Tennessee Research Foundation, Oak Ridge National Lab, Launch Tennessee, Pershing Yoakley & Associates, Tech 2020, Knoxville Entrepreneur Center, and The Anderson Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation at The University of Tennessee, Knoxville. http://knoxvillestartupday.com/
About Angel Capital Group
Angel Capital Group (ACG) is a syndicate of angel groups and funds. The network brings angel investors and entrepreneurs together in an environment that celebrates innovation, rewards strategic risk-taking, and focuses on performance. ACG believes creating economically sustainable cities, regional economic impact, and wealth are the keys to restoring our country’s economic greatness. ACG aggregates exciting deal flow across the nation and over many industries for science and technology enabled startup companies. ACG consolidated its operations with RAIN Source Capital in 2015. The combined entity enjoys a storied 10 year history and has invested approximately $46M in 135 companies across a variety of market sectors. The combined portfolios have created over 4,500 jobs and $750M in follow-on capital investments by other funds. http://theangelcapitalgroup.com/
About General Graphene
Led by a seasoned team of entrepreneurs and manufacturers, General Graphene has developed a manufacturing system that will provide graphene sheets in industrial quantities at marketable prices making this miraculous material available to the material innovators of the world.  While others may have also developed the ability to make large sheet graphene, General Graphene has focused its efforts on making graphene affordable for mass applications. The General Graphene team includes Vig Sherrill, CEO; Greg Erickson, CFO and Buzz Patrick, COO. http://www.generalgraphenecorp.com/
To view General Graphene’s power pitch from Startup Day 2014, visit: http://startupday2014.com/presenters/vig-sherrill/
###














Presenting Sponsors


















 Traction Award Sponsor



 Premier Sponsors















 Mentor Sponsors






 Partner Sponsors















 Colleague Sponsors




















































GENERAL GRAPHENE CORP Oak Ridge TN, 37830 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Fabricated Metal Products
General Graphene Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







General Graphene Corp



275 Midway Ln

Oak Ridge,
							
							
							 TN
							
							
							 37830-7917
							
							 |  view map


(865) 603-4396

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

GENERAL GRAPHENE CORP is in the Fabricated Structural Metal industry in Oak Ridge, TN.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Fabricated Structural Metal
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2014
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase

Yes



Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Walbro


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Ideal Construction CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Barnes & Noble








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
•
•


								2.7
							


							( Based on
							
							3
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								3
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on General Graphene Corp
Rate General Graphene Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about General Graphene Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOLTAIRE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
CONTORNO INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
ADVENT I LLC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Products



































































































 


























 




   Products    





  










EL-I-C6 Graphite and Anode Powders			




EL-I-C6 formulated advanced natural graphite anode powder




D50 15-20 μm
Spherical particles
Tap density >1.0 g/cm3
BET surface area 3.5 – 7.13 m2/g
Carbon (LOI) >99.99%
Calendar densities > 1.5 g/cm3




Download Product Data Sheet










  










EL-2D Few Layer Graphene			




Elcora has developed a unique cost effective process that produces graphene without the use of acids or oxides that is non-functionalized.
World leader in quality, determined by Centre for Advanced 2D Materials (CA2DM) Singapore.




Download Product Data Sheet










  










EL-MG/5 Micro Graphite			




Proprietary cost-effective methodology produces pristine morphology graphite flakes




Adjustable particle size 1-50 μm
Carbon(LOI) > 99.99%
No acids, oxidation or functionalization
Flat flakes for maximum expandability




Download Product Data Sheet










  










EL-NP Graphite Nano-Platelets			




Elcora has developed a unique low-cost effective process to make commercially scalable graphite nanomaterials ranging from micro-graphite to graphene.   These are made of short stacks of graphene sheets




Download Product Data Sheet










  












Want to know more?			





GRAPHENE R & D























 

  Recent Posts 

Elcora Begins Development of Non-Toxic Anti-Fouling Graphene Coatings


Multiple Battery Companies Evaluate Elcora’s Anode Material


ELCORA BUILDS ANODE AND BATTERY TESTING FACILITY


Elcora Announces Closing of Private Placement


ELCORA ANODE CELL DATA SHOWS SIGNIFICANT ADVANCEMENT


 
Facebook Elcora Advanced Materials Corp. 18 minutes ago Elcora Begins Development of Non-Toxic Anti-Fouling Graphene CoatingsV.ERA Halifax, Nova Scotia--(Newsfile Corp. - July 27, 2017) - ELCORA ADVANCED MATERIALS CORP. (TSXV: ERA) (FSE: ELM) (OTCQB: ECORF), (the "Company" or "Elcora"), is pleased to announce the commencement of graphene-enhanced marine coatings tests.Elcora's EL-2D few layer graphene powder supports the development of new and advanced graphene protective coatings due to their excellent hydrophobicity, chemical resistance, anti-bacterial properties, lubricity, strength and thermal characteristics. Elcora has been developing a series of graphene-enhanced marine coatings. The highly hydrophobic nature of graphene has the potential to limit the growth of marine organisms, reduce fuel consumption of vessels through the reduction of drag forces, increase the lifespan of coatings and provide de-icing properties.Anti-fouling and anti-corrosive coatings are used in the marine environment to prevent the growth of barnacles, mussels, and other organisms which contributes to increased fuel consumption of the vessel, impede mechanical functions and/or plugging of pipes. Common anti-fouling coatings use copper or other marine toxins. The first phase of Elcora's tests investigates anti-fouling coatings on steel, with the purpose of minimizing the use of these toxins. A matrix of coating methods is being investigated that includes a direct coating of graphene, epoxy composites and an additive suitable to existing antifouling compounds. A comparison of biological organism growth will be made of the various graphene coatings according to standard ASTM testing methods. These tests are anticipated to take approximately two months at which point the best-performing methods will be optimized.Dr. Ian Flint explains the testing process: youtu.be/5shbT68Trno. (click to watch)"We are pleased with our initial coating test which demonstrates improved resistance to fouling and corrosion, even with a minor amount of dispersed graphene. Non-Toxic graphene based coatings could be truly disruptive to the Marine Coatings Market, which is said to surpass USD $15 billion by 2024 according to Global Market Insights" said Troy Grant, Elcora's President & CEO.Additional tests will be conducted based on the results of the anti-fouling investigation. These include optimization of de-icing properties, minimization in the differences of thermal expansion, strength, and other characteristics that would give these products a competitive advantage.The National Research Council of Canada, Industrial Research Assistance Program (NRC-IRAP) has contributed $392,590 towards the successful completion of the project.About Elcora Advanced MaterialsElcora was founded in 2011 and has been structured to become a vertically integrated graphite & graphene company that mines, processes, refines graphite, and produces both the graphene and end user graphene applications.  As part of the vertical integration strategy, Elcora has secured high-grade graphite and graphene precursor graphite from its interest in the operation of the Ragedara mine in Sri Lanka which is already in production. Elcora has developed a unique low-cost effective process to make high quality graphite and graphene that are commercially scalable. This combination means that Elcora has the tools and resources for graphite and graphene vertical integration.For further information please visit the company's website at www.elcoracorp.com. Continue to watch for updates on the development work by tuning into youtu.be/5shbT68Trno.For further information please contact: Troy Grant, Director, President and CEO, Elcora Resources Corp., T: +1 902 802-8847 F: +1 902 446-2001.CAUTIONARY STATEMENT:The TSX Venture Exchange does not accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No stock Exchange, securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the information contained herein. This News Release includes certain "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential mineralization and reserves, exploration results, and future plans and objectives of Elcora, are forward-looking statements that involve various risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Elcora's expectations are exploration risks detailed herein and from time to time in the filings made by Elcora with securities regulators.Investors are cautioned that, except as disclosed in the filing statement prepared in connection with the transaction, any information released or received with respect to the transaction may not be accurate or complete and should not be relied upon.Read more at www.stockhouse.com/news/press-releases/2017/07/27/elcora-begins-development-of-non-toxic-anti-fou... ... Elcora's coatings project: Phase 1This video is about phase one of Elcora's coatings project addressing marine biofouling and exploring antifouling solutionsVideoView on Facebook·Share

Subscribe for News


Name



Email *


















Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2016
 












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.





Not readable? Change text.
 


Send







  






Start typing and press Enter to search












Contact - World-Leading Graphene Company - XG SciencesWorld-Leading Graphene Company – XG Sciences	










































R&D Collaborative
Place an Order
Contact










Contact
Contact XG Sciences with any questions about our graphene nanoplatelets and/or related products along with opportunities for research partnerships and general inquiries about our company.
Headquarters
XG Sciences, Inc.
3101 Grand Oak Drive
Lansing, MI  48911
Phone: +01.517.703.1110           Fax: +01.517.703.1113
 
For general inquires, please email:
info@xgsciences.com
For sales inquiries, please email: sales@xgsciences.com
 










First Name (required)
 
Last Name (required)
 
Email (required)

Market (required)
---ElastomersEpoxyThermoplasticsThermosetsUrethaneCapacitorsFuel CellsLead Acid BatteriesLi-Ion BatteriesSolarBarrier FilmsConductive FilmsConductive CoatingInksCutting FluidsDrilling MudsLubricantsOther
Company
 
Website
 
City
 
State
 
Country (required)
 
Additional Comments
 


 
Map Location

View Larger Map








Contact


 

 

























































































            
    Harnessing the Superpowers of Graphene -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Harnessing the Superpowers of Graphene
Miracle substance has power to revolutionize entire industries.











                Rich Duprey
            

                (TMFCop)



            
            Apr 7, 2013 at 10:00AM
            
            





I first heard of graphene earlier this year on a discussion board, where someone essentially asked, "People say it's going to be huge, but what is it and how can we profit from it?"
The answer to the first question is a bit easier than the second, because two scientists at the University of Manchester in Great Britain first discovered it and won a Nobel prize for it. So that means no publicly traded company is going to have a lock on it, but that's not stopping them from patenting how its being used. Everyone from IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Samsung to Nokia (NYSE:NOK) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) are rushing to tap its incredible properties.
It's elementaryOK, so what exactly is graphene? It's a carbon-based substance and as such gives diamonds a run for the money as being the hardest substance known to man. (It's actually harder.) Yet it's lighter than down fluff, it can conduct electricity better than copper, and even at a thickness of just one atom it can serve as the lattice for powering chips while being both flexible and transparent. Graphene is being hailed as a miracle substance.
Already scientists are imagining the possibilities of what can be done with the material: Charge your cell phone in 30 seconds, or, better yet, fully recharge your electric car's batteries in an hour. 
Faster than a speeding bulletAs explained in the following video, a battery stores a lot of energy, but it charges and discharges slowly. A camera's flash bulb, on the other hand, doesn't have much storage, but it charges and discharges very quickly. Graphene combines those two features into a sort of supercapacitor that has lots of energy storage and charges and discharges very fast. Yet because it's carbon-based, it doesn't harm the environment.






IBM was the first to use the material to create graphene-based integrated circuits back in 2011, having created the year before a graphene processor that could execute 100 billion cycles per second (100GHz). Intel and Samsung are now looking into graphene-based processors, while Nokia is part of a consortium of 74 companies that received a grant of $1.35 billion from the European Union to figure out how to use graphene to "improve the world." It's experimenting in electronics and mobile communications.
A needle in a haystackYet try to invest in any one of these companies to get exposure to graphene, and you're taking a pretty circuitous route and only nibbling at the corners. Perhaps a better route might be looking at producers of graphite, as that's the material from which graphene is made. Unfortunately, most of the mineral is produced in China. It produces some 800,000 metric tonnes annually, making it the 800-pound gorilla in the space, with the next closest producer being India at 130,000 metric tonnes. It's not even mined in the United States.
While there are a few foreign companies or micro caps that are involved in graphite production, GrafTech International (NYSE:GTI) may be the best avenue for investors to take, as it's the leading producer of graphite electrodes and was one of the top 20 graphene patent holders at one time, ahead of such giants as General Electric and Bayer. Yet it's been pretty dormant in the space since 2006 as newer entrants have become more active.
Patently absurdGraphene may become a product so generic that no one company profits from it, even if it goes on to create enormous advances in technology and science that benefit us all. Because the development is so new, it's an exciting field that bears watching, but we would be wise to remember that there have been other scientific "miracles" that didn't pan out. Carbon nanotubes once held similar promise, but I have yet to see any space elevators being built just yet. 







Fool contributor Rich Duprey owns shares of General Electric and Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and owns shares of General Electric, GrafTech International, Intel, and IBM. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                                Rich Duprey
                            

                                (TMFCop)
                            

 
Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time.
Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories.
Follow @RetlInvstrsWire










Article Info




                    
                    Apr 7, 2013 at 10:00AM
                    
                


                    Energy, Materials, and Utilities
                












Stocks








Nokia



                                        NYSE:NOK





                                    $6.40
                                

up



                                    $0.03
                                

                                    (0.47%)
                                










IBM



                                        NYSE:IBM





                                    $144.29
                                

down



                                    $0.78
                                

                                    (-0.54%)
                                










Intel



                                        NASDAQ:INTC





                                    $35.31
                                

up



                                    $0.34
                                

                                    (0.97%)
                                










GrafTech International Ltd.



                                        NYSE:GTI







no change





                                    (0.00%)
                                








Read More



Cliffs Natural Resources' U.S. Operations Get Overshadowed by a Weak International Market


National Oilwell Varco, Inc.'s Results Continue Their Slight Improvement


Shares of Teekay Corp. and Teekay Offshore Surge on Investment Deal With Brookfield Business Partners


Eagle Materials, Inc. Cements Another Record for Revenue Thanks to an Acquisition


Why Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About




















Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Harnessing the Superpowers of Graphene @themotleyfool #stocks $NOK, $IBM, $INTC, $GTI










































Graphene General Trading LLC





































 









 
  info@grapheneuae.com 
  Saturday - Thursday 07:00 - 18:00 
 












GRAPHENE' - General Trading CompanyGraphene General Trading Building materials is one of the leading and reputed firms in the United Arab Emirates, endeavoring in the supply of environment friendly products of construction and hardware materials to the UAE construction firms and traders markets   Electrical Products   Plumbing & Sanitary Products   Hardware & Tools   Building Materials





 Copyright © 2014. All right reserved with Graphene Trading LLC

Home
Contact Us
 
























 