

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 






Our Technology :: Geneticure






























Our Technology







Geneticure has assembled and patented a comprehensive panel of genes that are involved in the regulation of renal Na⁺ handling, vasodilation, and cardiac function.
All of these genes have repeatedly demonstrated physiologic effects in cell, animal, and human models and have also demonstrated altered pharmacogenetic effects.
Based on current therapeutic guidelines, and our current understanding of genetics and the proteins involved in blood pressure regulation, we provide the critical information necessary for accurate therapeutic decision making in hypertension. Treating hypertension has never been easier.





"I need more detail!"
Why Use the Geneticure High Blood Pressure Pharmacogenetics Panel?





Ok great!  We like detail too!
The development of high blood pressure in humans is the result of one or more of three physiologic maladaptation's:



				Elevated cardiac output (liters of blood ejected from the heart per minute) that increases the amount of blood pressing against the vessels.
			


				Increased sodium (Na⁺) absorption in the kidney which results in increased blood volume and subsequently increased outward pressure against the tubes (vessels). 
			


				Relatively narrow blood vessels that results in increased pressure towards the lumen of the blood vessel due to Poiseuille’s Law (which describes the inverse relationship between the diameter of a tube (vessel) and the pressure against the walls of the tube (vessel), all else being equal).
			








As such, common therapies for reducing blood pressure include those that inhibit Na⁺ reabsorption in the kidney, cause vasodilation, or reduce cardiac output.

Despite a significant impulse in the medical community to move towards an “individualized medicine” approach to patient centered treatment, the current clinical treatment strategy for high blood pressure, like other diseases, is based on a set algorithm which does not take into account individual genetic differences of the patient. Rather, physicians are guided to choose a drug (one out of many options) in a given class of drugs and use that specific drug as a “first line therapy” (typically initiating with the diuretic class) and titrate that specific drug of choice to therapeutic dosage.
It is only after a prolonged course of treatment with that specific class of drug that clinical efficacy is determined (typically three months).  At this stage, if clinical guideline goals for blood pressure have not been met, it is often recommended that the patient remain on the “first line therapy” whilst an additional drug from a different class of drugs (typically an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) or angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB)) is added to the pharmacologic regimen. Again, this drug is titrated to recommended therapeutic dosage and another prolonged course of treatment is initiated before clinical efficacy is determined (an additional three months – six months since initiation of treatment).
If at this point, clinical guideline goals for blood pressure have not been met, a third drug from a third class of drugs (typically a beta-blocker) is added and the process is repeated (another three months – nine months from initiation of treatment). Further, if clinical guideline goals have continued to be elusive, the diagnosis of refractory hypertension is added and the process is reinitiated with a different combination of drugs, different classes of drugs, different drug options within a given class of drugs, different dosages, or all of the above.
Thus, from the time of initial diagnosis and the start of treatment to the point in which blood pressure is adequately controlled may take anywhere from three months to well over one year. This trial-and-error standard of care is clearly not optimal.
The Geneticure solution is a superior method with higher quality patient care and meaningful reductions in time, money and risk.
















Why Geneticure :: Geneticure






























Why Geneticure?




As Healthcare providers, you have been waiting for this for decades.
			You are intimately aware that there is a great deal of wasted time and resources to optimize therapy over time by trial and error.





At Geneticure our goals are aligned with yours
Higher quality patient care and meaningful reductions in time, money and risk throughout the system. Not to mention, by reducing the number of return visits to titrate medicines we are opening up your calendar for new patient visits.








Geneticure is a new prescription drug process.
With Geneticure, you can offer your patients advanced, cutting-edge healthcare. From a non-invasive sample collection, to fast results, to convenient reporting, you can now give your patients the kind of care you want to provide.





We are working to improve patient compliance.
By giving patients a tailored approach to their therapy, you’re more likely to see better patient compliance. By empowering the data within the individual, we make it simpler for patients to stay engaged with you and their own health.





Designed by clinicians for clinicians.
Geneticure is designed to integrate seamlessly into the day-to-day workflow of any practice or facility. Every detail — from sample collection to secure reporting — has been thought through with you in mind.





You don’t need to be a genetics expert – we do that for you.
We provide the genetic results, along with interpretation of the functional consequence of those results.





Anonymity and data integrity.
Patients are sensitive about their DNA so we never collect any personal information.  Their sample is anonymous to us.  Geneticure is a CLIA-certified laboratory, meeting the highest, most stringent standards for lab testing.











The Process :: Geneticure






























The Process










Patient Testing

We will provide you with sterile collection kits at your request (free of charge).
A quick, non-invasive cheek swab is used to collect cells that contain your patient's DNA.
Your patients anonymous sample is registered on geneticure.com and sent to our accredited laboratory where the DNA is extracted and analyzed.
Geneticure will notify you when your patients results are available and provide your patient’s report, again via our secure website.






Personalized Medicine Treatment Option Discussed with Patient

Kit is Activated by Registering its Unique KEY Online

Buccal Cheek Swab Collection

Log on to www.geneticure.com to retrieve results and discuss therapy with patient





Retrieving Results
Our secure clinician portal allows you to retrieve patient results electronically, anytime, anywhere, from any device.
Geneticure was built with the aim of providing you more insightful information about your patients. We’re committed to surfacing important details and insights in actionable ways: like displaying data in easy-to-interpret graphics and interpreting complex genetic information for you.
Because the right amount of detail, right when you need to know it, lets you do what you do best.











News :: Geneticure






























Geneticure News












About :: Geneticure






























About Geneticure












Geneticure is a pharmacogentic testing company dedicated to achieving the decades-long promise of personalized medicine. We are focusing on helping healthcare providers get the unique genetic information they need to determine the right course of treatment for patients suffering from hypertension.
Our actionable insights are based on pharmacogenetics which is the the study of genetic differences in metabolic pathways which can that affect an individual’s response to drugs.
We have assembled and patented a comprehensive panel of genes that are involved in the regulation of renal Na⁺ handling, vasodilation, and cardiac function. All of these genes have repeatedly demonstrated physiologic effects in cell, animal, and human models and have also demonstrated altered pharmacogenetic effects. Based on current therapeutic guidelines, and our current understanding of genetics and pharmacogenetics in the proteins involved in high blood pressure, the suggestions for therapeutic decisions for high blood pressure has been enhanced with the Geneticure pharmacogenetic panel.
Geneticure was founded in 2014 and has offices in Rochester and Minnetonka MN











Get Started :: Geneticure






























Contact Us




Getting started with Geneticure is easy!
Patients: we're here to answer any questions you may have.
Providers: introduce your practice, and a Geneticure representative will contact you to register so you can start sending us samples.
Others: leave your contact details and a comment if you're interested in partnership opportunities or more information.
		If you are already a Geneticure-approved provider, please log-in here.









 required field




	I am a	
- Please Select -
Patient
Physician
- Cardiologist
- Primary Care
- Other
Physicians Assistant
Nurse Practitioner
Investor
Media
Other







	Prefix	




	First Name	




	Last Name	






	NPI (required for physicians) 




	Email	




	Phone	






	Street Address	






	City	




	State	
- Please Select -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Washington, D.C.
Guam
Northern Mariana Islands
Puerto Rico
U.S. Virgin Islands





	Zip Code	






	Message	




















Geneticure






































At Geneticure, we are shaping the future of prescription medicine.
Now, for the first time, our CLIA-certified laboratory can perform a test to quickly and accurately guide your ideal hypertension drug therapy - all with a simple and non-invasive cheek swab.















The prescription process reinvented.
No guessing. No Trial and Error. We have built a new process to save you time, money and get you healthier faster.
Our Solution



Informing care decisions for clinicians.
Find out how Geneticure can help you take patient care and satisfaction to the next level.
Clinicians






















Former Executives from Mayo Clinic and Assurex Health Join Geneticure to Help Commercialize Personalized Medicine Solution for Hypertension 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Former Executives from Mayo Clinic and Assurex Health Join Geneticure to Help Commercialize Personalized Medicine Solution for Hypertension



Share Article

















Geneticure Inc. announces the engagement of two leading healthcare executives to help Geneticure commercialize their personalized medicine solutions for large, chronic diseases – beginning with their patented genetic panel for Hypertension.






Minneapolis, MN (PRWEB)
August 01, 2016
 David Herbert, Chair Mayo Clinic Global Business Solutions from 2011 to 2014, joins as a Sr. Advisor to the company. David also served as the Chief Administrative Officer for Mayo Medical Laboratories from 2008 to 2011. David served as Director of Business Development at Mayo Medical Laboratories from 1998 to 2008 and prior to that in leadership roles at Mayo Medical Ventures. David’s vast and pertinent experience in the development and commercialization of laboratory developed tests should prove to be a major asset to Geneticure as it builds out its pipeline of pharmacogenomics products.
“We couldn’t be more excited and honored that David chose to join our team,” said Scott Snyder, Co-Founder/CEO of Geneticure of Geneticure. “His insights from his work at Mayo Clinic are going to help us tremendously as we grow and build a new category of medicine.”
David Herbert echoes the excitement, "I really like the Geneticure team and the practical, evidence-based approach they've taken to developing a solution to better manage Hypertension.”
"Geneticure is demonstrating how personalized medicine can improve patient care with tools physicians can use now, to better dial in the right hypertension drug for each patient from amongst all the treatment options, rather than using the trial and error, one-size-fits-all approach that is the reason typical hypertension control takes 15 months, on average" Herbert added.
In addition, Geneticure has brought on Mark Byrne, founding CEO of Assurex Health a company successfully commercializing behavioral health pharmacogenomics technology licensed from Mayo Clinic and Cincinnati Children's Hospital. He led Assurex throughout its initial development, from business plan and technology in-licensing, to successful financing, product development, and first revenues. In addition to his work at Assurex, Byrne has a wealth of C-level and entrepreneurial experience as CEO/COO at several startups including CardioEnergetics, JointVue, Arteriovations, Medical Ingenuities, Epico, and ProteoSense. 
“I am excited to be part of the Geneticure team helping to bring the benefits of personalized medicine to a new patient population in hypertension management. During the work leading up to the founding of Assurex, it became clear to me that use of a patient’s genetic information to guide medication management of chronic disease was an important trend in medicine with the potential to greatly improve clinical and economic outcomes.” said Byrne.
Scott Snyder, Co-Founder/CEO of Geneticure, concurred, “Mark is an incredible asset for Geneticure. His experience at Assurex will help us follow in the right footprints and set our company up for a successful run as a personalized medicine industry leader.”
The pair executives joined Geneticure in July and say they are excited to help the company grow.
About Geneticure:
Geneticure is reinventing the standard of care for large, chronic diseases by providing Clinicians new tools to personalize therapy based on the specific patient. Geneticure uses pharmacogenomics (the study of metabolic pathways and physiologic markers that dictate varying response to drug therapy among patients) to develop tests that clinicians use to help patients get better faster, and with less cost. Geneticure tests ensure each patient receives only the right medications for their unique genetics and saving unnecessary medications, visits and adverse events. Moving well beyond drug-metabolizing enzymes, the Geneticure patented tests examine the receptors, proteins, and organ systems fundamental to drug response. With a unique understanding for the integrative physiology of complex diseases and supported by strong clinical studies using their panels, Geneticure takes personalized medicine to another level not found in healthcare today. 
 Learn more at https://www.geneticure.com



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Ben Bowman
Geneticure +1 800-362-8109 Ext: 0
				Email >
			
@geneticuresince: 06/2011
				Follow >
			


									Visit website
								


Media
Geneticure Personalized Medicine Collection KitIncludes painless and non-invasive cheek-swab's which are isolated in tubes of lysis buffer before being sent to Geneticure's CLIA laboratory.






News Center













 









Geneticure, Inc. - MedCity Invest













































































About›

About ‹ Back Overview
Reasons to Attend/Testimonials
Who Attends?
Advisory Board
About MedCity News & MHIN


Agenda
Speakers›

Speakers ‹ Back 2017 Speakers
2016 Speakers


Startup Contest›

Startup Contest ‹ Back Startup Contest
Contest Judges


Sponsors›

Sponsors ‹ Back 2017 Sponsors
Become a Sponsor
2016 Sponsors


Hotel
Register›

Register ‹ Back Register Now & Save
Hotel
Group Discounts
Press
Cancellation Policy


Contact Us
MedCity Events >>›

MedCity Events >> ‹ Back MedCity CONVERGE
MedCity INVEST Twin Cities
MedCity ENGAGE
MedCity News



 





 















20
Apr, 2017













 2017








By Laura Kittredge
Geneticure’s team of NIH-funded PhD’s have developed and patented a non-invasive, post-diagnostic test which holds the promise of becoming the new standard of care for treating the largest and deadliest non-communicable disease in the United States – hypertension, or high blood pressure. This new standard will have a meaningful impact on the deadly events that occur due to the long trial-and-error process, potentially saving millions of lives per year globally.
 






About lkittredge


































Geneticure, Inc.








Venture Products, Inc.






Welcome
Product Brands
Our Values
Supplier Links
Contact






Welcome to Venture Products Inc.

At Venture Products, Inc. we are committed to providing a unique, superior quality product while maintaining the highest standard of business ethics. We aim to be a positive influence to the global community, growing at a balanced rate while remaining an independent company.

Back to Top


Product Brands




















Back to Top



Our Values
The following values are the philosophy behind our conduct and the cornerstone for our growth. They are deeply rooted in the heritage of our company and its ownership.




Quality
Quality is paramount in our products, our manufacturing methods, our marketing efforts, and our relationships with each other.


Ethics
We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of business ethics with our customers, suppliers, employees, and the global community. These standards will be incorporated with every interaction, both business and personal.


Growth
Our goal is a strong, balanced growth that enhances the markets in which we sell and solidifies our financial stability. We will commit our time and talents to the production of an innovative and unique product that is second to none. 
										




Independence
Venture Products Inc. purpose is to remain an independent company with the desire, motivation, and ability to control our own direction. 


People
Our goal is to leave a positive influence within the global community through business relationships. We will be fair with our employees and dealers while maintaining an environment that encourages growth in our company and in the community. 







Finally, these values are reflected in our desire to do good, be just, and walk humbly with our God (Micah 6:8) and we encourage those walking with us to do the same.


Back to Top



Supplier Links





Small Package


Packages under 70#s are to be shipped: UPS (United Parcel Service) GROUND, COLLECT, Use Venture account number 44X974.
The use of UPS "Hundred Weight" service is encouraged where it applies.









LTL Shipment


LTL shipments from the following statements are to be shipped to USF Holland Inc. FREIGHT COLLECT. 
AL, GA, IA, IL, IN, KY, MD, MI, MN, MO, NC, NY, OH, SC, TN, WI
Shipments from all other states and Canada are to ship: ABF Freight, FREIGHT COLLECT





Exceptions:
1. For shipments over 7000# or taking up greater than 12 feet of trailer space; call 330-683-0075 Ext 2311 for routing instructions.
Venture Products WILL NOT PAY FOR ANY OTHER UNAUTHORIZED FREIGHT CARRIER CHARGES THAT ARE ADDED TO A SUPPLIERS INVOICE. Failure to comply with these instructions may result in a charge back for freight costs or their deduction from your invoice.
Read Supplier Terms & Conditions


Back to Top



Contact




Location: 500 Venture Drive Orrville, OH 44667
										

Telephone Numbers:

For product questions: 1-800-393-0893
											
For other inquiries: 1-866-836-8722 or 330-683-0075
										





Back to Top







	GENETICURE Trademark of Snyder, Scott. Serial Number: 85432246 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services
GENETICURE










 
Get FREE email alerts













GENETICURE  Trademark Information
 Snyder, Scott
Pharmacogenetic testing services performed for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; consulting in the field of pharmacogenetic and genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes, including the provision of information about the testing performed and how the testing results can aid in directing patient treatment




Perfect for these industries

Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
pharmacogenetic   testing   services   performed   medical   treatment   diagnostic   purposes   genetic   testing   medical   treatment   diagnostic   purposes   consulting   field   pharmacogenetic   genetic   testing   medical   treatment   diagnostic   purposes      including   provision    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GENETICURE trademark by Snyder, Scott 
                                in Minnetonka, MN, 55305.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GENETICURE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Snyder, Scott of the GENETICURE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GENETICURE trademark.
                           






On Monday, September 26, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GENETICURE by 
                        Snyder, Scott, Minnetonka, MN  55305.
                        The USPTO has given the GENETICURE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85432246.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for GENETICURE is 
                        
                        
                                            Tim Clise of 
                                            Billion & Armitage,  Suite 425, 7401 Metro Blvd. Minneapolis MN 55439
                                .
                            The GENETICURE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GENETICURE 
                            is Pharmacogenetic testing services performed for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; consulting in the field of pharmacogenetic and genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes, including the provision of information about the testing performed and how the testing results can aid in directing patient treatment. 
                            





Word mark:
 GENETICURE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/16/2014



  Serial Number:  
85432246


  Filing Date:  
9/26/2011


 Registration Number:  
4656554 


 Registration Date:  
12/16/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Pharmacogenetic testing services performed for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; consulting in the field of pharmacogenetic and genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes, including the provision of information about the testing performed and how the testing results can aid in directing patient treatment


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/3/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

Snyder, ScottMinnetonka, MN  55305
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Tim Clise
Billion & Armitage
Suite 425
7401 Metro Blvd.
Minneapolis MN 55439





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GENETICURE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/16/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Tim Clise


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GENETICURE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search geneticure on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GENETICURE 




GENETICURE is providing Pharmacogenetic testing services performed for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes; consulting in the field of pharmacogenetic and genetic testing for medical treatment and diagnostic purposes, including the provision of information about the testing performed and how the testing results can aid in directing patient treatment.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Funding digest: Medical 21 Inc. and Geneticure - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal








































































 































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business




Titans of Technology 2017




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Women in Business




Titans of Technology 2017




Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Minneapolis/St. Paul




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners







Resource Guides




 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +
















 

Please Sign In and use this article's on page print button to
    print this article.







 







            Funding Digest        


Funding digest: Medical 21 Inc. and Geneticure




May 27, 2016, 5:00am CDT






Industries & Tags


                    Health Care,                 



                    Technology                















Katharine Grayson


Senior Reporter
Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal













                    Share
                


























 Order Reprints


 Save Article




 Print
















 



 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article





More 






 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Order Reprints




 Twitter




 Save Article
























 













Katharine Grayson


Senior Reporter
Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal







Related Content
            





                            Former Target exec's personalized-medicine startup lands study funding                        





                            Manny Villafaña's latest med-tech startup hunts for $2M                        



 






Home of the Day
        





 Sponsor Listing 



                    BEST LAKESHORE ON LAKE MINNETONKA!                




See All Homes of the Day





 











 Enlarge





                Geneticure’s test advises on treatments based on a patient’s genetic makeup.            

                Provided            








 



Villafaña startup seeks $2M
Medical 21 Inc., a medical-device startup launched by St. Jude Medical Inc. founder Manny Villafaña, is seeking $2 million in financing, according to a regulatory filing.













 Enlarge






                            Geneticure’s test advises on treatments based on a patient’s genetic makeup.                        
Provided










 


The Wayzata-based company has already banked $200,000 from two investors. The company plans to develop an artificial graft for coronary bypass surgery, a market Villafaña has targeted before with startups such as CABG Medical and Kips Bay Medical Inc., which shut down less than a year ago after disappointing clinical trial results.
Villafaña is best known for launching Little Canada-based St. Jude and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc., which today is the pacemaker unit of Boston Scientific Corp.
Geneticure lands cash for test




Personalized-medicine startup Geneticure landed funding to launch a second study of its product— a test that recommends high-blood-pressure treatments based on patients’ genes.
The Minnetonka-based company closed on $665,000 and has commitments for another $225,000, said CEO Scott Snyder, a former Target Corp. executive who launched the company with a team of three scientists in 2012. Individual and unnamed institutional investors participated in the round, which Snyder expects will carry the company through to a larger, Series A investment.

Katharine Grayson covers med tech, clean tech, technology, health care and venture capital.











Related Content
            





                            Former Target exec's personalized-medicine startup lands study funding                        





                            Manny Villafaña's latest med-tech startup hunts for $2M                        



 






Home of the Day
        





 Sponsor Listing 



                    BEST LAKESHORE ON LAKE MINNETONKA!                




See All Homes of the Day







Industries

Health Care


Technology











 
















 



Suggested Reading









 










Sponsor Listing

Home of the Day







































See All19 Photos











                    BEST LAKESHORE ON LAKE MINNETONKA!                




See All Homes of the Day



 











 








 



 



















