






Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Decreases Position in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Facebook Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Cuts Position in Nike, Inc. (NKE)					

Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) Stake Reduced by Rational Advisors LLC					

Carret Asset Management LLC Has $3.70 Million Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP)					

Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Position Reduced by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd					

U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Sold by Palladium Partners LLC					

Spectrum Management Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX)					

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $1.03 Million Stake in Ruth’s Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH)					

Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Decreases Position in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $183,000 Position in Kopin Corporation (KOPN)					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $202,000 Stake in Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE)					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Maintains Position in Civitas Solutions, Inc. (CIVI)					

International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V.					

Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $1.73 Million Position in Macatawa Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MCBC)					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 23,541 Shares of Kadmon Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:KDMN)					

Tufton Capital Management Has $3.47 Million Stake in Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO)					

Lucas Capital Management Has $374,000 Stake in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)					

Elkfork Partners LLC Raises Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT)					

Strategic Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN)					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Continues to Hold Position in QAD Inc. (NASDAQ:QADA)					

Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $8.01 Million Position in Altria Group (NYSE:MO)					





 





						Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Decreases Position in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC decreased its stake in shares of  Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) by 51.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 1,179 shares of the social networking company’s stock after selling 1,263 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC’s holdings in Facebook were worth $168,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Cohen Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in  Facebook during the first quarter valued at $121,000.  Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its stake in  Facebook by 9.5% in the first quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 910 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 79 shares in the last quarter.  Viking Fund Management LLC bought a new stake in  Facebook during the first quarter valued at $142,000.  Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in  Facebook during the fourth quarter valued at $140,000.  Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue bought a new stake in  Facebook during the first quarter valued at $180,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  57.63% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Facebook, Inc. (FB) opened at 164.43 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $476.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.81 and a beta of 0.67. Facebook, Inc. has a 52-week low of $113.55 and a 52-week high of $165.70. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $153.80 and a 200-day moving average of $142.68. 




Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The social networking company reported $1.04 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.83 billion. Facebook had a net margin of 36.45% and a return on equity of 20.27%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 49.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.77 EPS.  Equities analysts expect that  Facebook, Inc. will post $4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first  reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/genovese-burford-brothers-wealth-retirement-plan-management-llc-decreases-position-in-facebook-inc-nasdaqfb.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. UBS AG  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price objective on shares of Facebook in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 price objective on shares of Facebook in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Barclays PLC  reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $168.00 price objective (up from $160.00) on shares of Facebook in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Pivotal Research  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $140.00 price objective on shares of Facebook in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective on shares of Facebook in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating, forty-one have assigned  a buy rating and four have given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $167.06.
In other news, CFO David M. Wehner sold 16,008 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total value of $2,320,519.68. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 72,047 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,443,933.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider Christopher K. Cox sold 16,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, July 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $164.28, for a total transaction of $2,628,480.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 196,871 shares in the company, valued at approximately $32,341,967.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 13,376,724 shares of company stock worth $2,085,322,718 in the last three months. Insiders own  19.08% of the company’s stock. 
About Facebook
Facebook, Inc is focused on building products that enable people to connect and share through mobile devices, personal computers and other surfaces. The Company’s products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp and Oculus. Facebook enables people to connect, share, discover and communicate with each other on mobile devices and personal computers.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB).






Receive News & Ratings for Facebook Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿
























AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Stake Lowered by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for AbbVie Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AbbVie Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. Purchases 610 Shares of Visa Inc. (V)
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Stake Lowered by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC
Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stake Decreased by Front Barnett Associates LLC
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Stake Boosted by Brick & Kyle Associates
Wealth Architects LLC Holds Position in Altria Group (MO)
Research Analysts Offer Predictions for National Fuel Gas Company’s FY2017 Earnings (NFG)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Stake Lowered by SPC Financial Inc.
Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Stake Boosted by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI
Alliancebernstein L.P. Holds Position in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL)
Fidelity Southern Corporation (LION) Stake Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Position in CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)
Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. Buys 335 Shares of CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $2.24 Million Position in White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. (WTM)
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Lowered by Analyst IMS Investment Management Services Ltd.
Alliancebernstein L.P. Buys New Stake in American Outdoor Brands Corporation (AOBC)
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
The Ensign Group (ENSG) vs. Quorum Health Corporation (QHC) Head-To-Head Survey
Sandy Spring Bank Sells 250 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS)
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Bank of Hawaii
Head to Head Contrast: Sophiris Bio (SPHS) and Parnell Pharmaceuticals Holdings (PARN)


 


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Stake Lowered by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 

Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC cut its stake in shares of AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) by 6.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,660 shares of the company’s stock after selling 186 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC’s holdings in AbbVie were worth $174,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Arete Wealth Advisors LLC increased its stake in AbbVie by 3.9% in the first quarter. Arete Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 9,684 shares of the company’s stock valued at $631,000 after buying an additional 366 shares during the last quarter. Brookstone Capital Management increased its stake in shares of AbbVie by 9.3% in the first quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 93,536 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,095,000 after buying an additional 7,946 shares in the last quarter. Cadence Bank NA increased its stake in shares of AbbVie by 24.7% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 16,320 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,063,000 after buying an additional 3,234 shares in the last quarter. Stratford Consulting LLC increased its stake in shares of AbbVie by 0.7% in the first quarter. Stratford Consulting LLC now owns 3,959 shares of the company’s stock valued at $258,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its stake in shares of AbbVie by 6.5% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 3,151,990 shares of the company’s stock valued at $205,384,000 after buying an additional 193,410 shares in the last quarter. 68.08% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 




AbbVie Inc. (NYSE ABBV) opened at 72.59 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $115.53 billion, a PE ratio of 18.82 and a beta of 1.51. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $71.90 and a 200-day moving average price of $66.05. AbbVie Inc. has a 12 month low of $55.06 and a 12 month high of $75.04. AbbVie also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Monday. Traders purchased 278 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 126 put options.


 Get AbbVie Inc. alerts:



AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.26 by $0.02. AbbVie had a net margin of 24.07% and a return on equity of 148.83%. The business had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.15 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that AbbVie Inc. will post $5.53 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a $0.64 dividend. This represents a $2.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.53%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. AbbVie’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.32%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Stake Lowered by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC” was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/27/abbvie-inc-abbv-shares-sold-by-genovese-burford-brothers-wealth-retirement-plan-management-llc-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have issued reports on ABBV. Vetr downgraded AbbVie from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $76.28 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, July 20th. Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of AbbVie in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $66.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of AbbVie in a report on Monday, July 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price target (up previously from $92.00) on shares of AbbVie in a report on Monday, July 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $74.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of AbbVie in a report on Thursday, July 20th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $74.52.
In related news, EVP Carlos Alban sold 43,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.00, for a total value of $2,881,000.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 114,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,687,915. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Laura J. Schumacher sold 79,800 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.00, for a total transaction of $5,586,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 187,625 shares in the company, valued at $13,133,750. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 278,135 shares of company stock worth $18,841,085 over the last ninety days. 0.23% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About AbbVie
AbbVie Inc (AbbVie) is a research-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of pharmaceutical products. Its products are focused on treating conditions, such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis C virus (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); neurological disorders, such as Parkinson’s disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis, and other serious health conditions. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for AbbVie Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AbbVie Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Mike Genovese, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Mike Genovese

CIO:Wealth/Founding Partner,
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC






Career History




CIO:Wealth/Founding Partner
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC, PRESENT


Registered Principal
Royal Alliance Associates, PRESENT


Co-Founder
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC, 1987-UNKNOWN


Principal/Financial Planner
Equitec Financial Group Inc, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



San Diego State University
Bachelor's Degree








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Financial Planner (CFP)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Crocker Art Museum


Board Member, PRESENT






Other Memberships




Sacramento Estate Planning Council


Member




Northern California Financial Planning Association


Member




Western Pension Benefits Conference


Member




Crocker Art Museum


President



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC Buys JPMorgan ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC Buys JPMorgan ...


April 28, 2017, 07:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLCNew Purchases: CSJ , CVG , IP , TRGP, RY, FBM, ENB, IFN, TD, INDY,Added Positions:VEA, JPM, VWO, BND, IWM, AMZN, GOOG, BECN, SITE, SRE,Reduced Positions:IVV, AAPL, GE, T, CVX, EEM, NNI, XOM, INTC, JNJ,Sold Out:EWBC, AJG, PCAR, TPX, SPG, SCSS, NVO, IWP, ENOC, QRVO,For the details of Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Genovese+Burford+%26+Brothers+Wealth+%26+Retirement+Plan+Management%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLCiShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 412,670 shares, 41.69% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50%Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets ( VEA ) - 934,577 shares, 15.64% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 5.37%Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ( VWO ) - 858,707 shares, 14.52% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 3.12%Vanguard Total Bond Market ( BND ) - 179,751 shares, 6.21% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 6.58%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 31,686 shares, 1.94% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 50.74%New Purchase: iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond (CSJ)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond. The purchase prices were between $104.81 and $105.32, with an estimated average price of $105.05. The stock is now traded at around $105.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 945 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Targa Resources Corp (TRGP)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in Targa Resources Corp. The purchase prices were between $54.96 and $61.35, with an estimated average price of $58.07. The stock is now traded at around $55.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: International Paper Co (IP)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in International Paper Co. The purchase prices were between $50.27 and $57.99, with an estimated average price of $52.91. The stock is now traded at around $53.97. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,446 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Convergys Corp (CVG)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in Convergys Corp. The purchase prices were between $20.33 and $25.85, with an estimated average price of $23.48. The stock is now traded at around $22.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 2,800 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Enbridge Inc (ENB)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in Enbridge Inc. The purchase prices were between $40.31 and $44.37, with an estimated average price of $42.25. The stock is now traded at around $41.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 1,010 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: The Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC initiated holdings in The Toronto-Dominion Bank. The purchase prices were between $48.57 and $53.67, with an estimated average price of $51.1. The stock is now traded at around $47.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 800 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co by 3533.76%. The purchase prices were between $83.3 and $93.6, with an estimated average price of $88.22. The stock is now traded at around $87.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.61%. The holdings were 16,897 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: iShares Russell 2000 (IWM)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Russell 2000 by 51.33%. The purchase prices were between $133.75 and $140.36, with an estimated average price of $136.63. The stock is now traded at around $139.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.24%. The holdings were 12,338 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Amazon.com Inc (AMZN)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in Amazon.com Inc by 125.21%. The purchase prices were between $753.67 and $886.54, with an estimated average price of $833.5. The stock is now traded at around $924.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 527 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Alphabet Inc (GOOG)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in Alphabet Inc by 87.76%. The purchase prices were between $786.14 and $852.12, with an estimated average price of $820.39. The stock is now traded at around $905.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 368 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Beacon Roofing Supply Inc (BECN)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in Beacon Roofing Supply Inc by 2200.00%. The purchase prices were between $43.77 and $50.45, with an estimated average price of $46.17. The stock is now traded at around $49.57. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 2,300 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC added to the holdings in SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc by 216.67%. The purchase prices were between $35.72 and $48.41, with an estimated average price of $39.94. The stock is now traded at around $47.81. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 3,800 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: East West Bancorp Inc (EWBC)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in East West Bancorp Inc. The sale prices were between $49.11 and $56.53, with an estimated average price of $52.48.Sold Out: Arthur J. Gallagher & Co (AJG)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. The sale prices were between $52.24 and $57.76, with an estimated average price of $55.12.Sold Out: PACCAR Inc (PCAR)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in PACCAR Inc. The sale prices were between $65.07 and $70.07, with an estimated average price of $67.57.Sold Out: Simon Property Group Inc (SPG)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Simon Property Group Inc. The sale prices were between $165.4 and $186.83, with an estimated average price of $178.66.Sold Out: Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Tempur Sealy International Inc. The sale prices were between $42.2 and $69.5, with an estimated average price of $51.41.Sold Out: Select Comfort Corp (SCSS)Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Select Comfort Corp. The sale prices were between $19.53 and $24.79, with an estimated average price of $22.42.JPM 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of JPMPeter Lynch Chart of JPMPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        VEA
                                    
, 

                                        VWO
                                    
, 

                                        BND
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Cypress Semiconductor Enjoys Broad-Based Growth


						7/28/2017 06:49 PM
					



4 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement


						7/28/2017 06:30 PM
					



Lower Earners Just Lost a Key Retirement-Savings Option


						7/28/2017 06:18 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IVV








100%



Rate It





VEA








0%



Rate It





VWO








67%



Rate It





BND








50%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC


















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Investment Management
 > 
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC



Request a Quote

































Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC






            Business Information
        






(916) 924-7527

Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC
27 years in business

        1515 Response Rd
        Sacramento, CA 95815-4805
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (916) 646-3287
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (888) 924-9350
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 12/29/1999
            

                Business Started: 12/29/1989


                Business Incorporated: 03/07/2012 in CA





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Lon Burford, President
                

                    Mr. Mike Genovese, Vice President
                






            Business Category
        


                Investment Management
            




                            Retirement Planning Service
                        

                            Estate Planning & Management
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Genovese Burford & Brothers
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
                    





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview





Let's socialize:













 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/21/2013










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 













BBB Business Profile | Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC | Accreditation


















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Investment Management
 > 
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC



Request a Quote

































Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC






            Business Information
        






(916) 924-7527

Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC
27 years in business

        1515 Response Rd
        Sacramento, CA 95815-4805
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (916) 646-3287
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (888) 924-9350
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 12/29/1999
            

                Business Started: 12/29/1989


                Business Incorporated: 03/07/2012 in CA





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Lon Burford, President
                

                    Mr. Mike Genovese, Vice President
                






            Business Category
        


                Investment Management
            




                            Retirement Planning Service
                        

                            Estate Planning & Management
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Genovese Burford & Brothers
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
                    





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 11/21/2013
            

                BBB has determined that Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/21/2013










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















        
    Investment Management - Northeast California Accredited Businesses

    







































Northeast California Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Investment Management



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Northeast California

Investment Management








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





sacramento
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Investment Advisory Service


Investment Securities


Investment Seminars


Show More...




by City / Location:


Sacramento, CA


Roseville, CA


Rocklin, CA


Jackson, CA




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Investment Management
    
           in Northeast California







BBB








 



Sponsored


					American Financial Services Group, Inc.


5816 Balfor Rd. Rocklin, CA 95765


916-315-0726   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management, LLC


1515 Response Rd Sacramento, CA 95815


916-924-7527   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Green Wealth Management


2600 E Bidwell St Ste 150 Folsom, CA 95630


916-983-8200   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2001
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Integral Financial Management


2390 Professional Dr Roseville, CA 95661


916-773-9330   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					LeFever Mattson Property Management


6359 Auburn Blvd Ste B Citrus Hts, CA 95621


916-723-5111   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2005
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					RNA Retirement, Inc.


525 S State Highway 49 Ste 4 Jackson, CA 95642


888-203-8797   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Springer Financial Advisors


4480 Duckhorn Dr Sacramento, CA 95834


916-925-8900   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map





















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























 



Corporate Retirement Plans - Genovese Burford & Brothers



























































Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


Plan Fiduciary Login|
Plan Participant Login|
Ret. Plan Home


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 








GBB RETIREMENT PLAN MANAGEMENT

		 

		Many firms manage retirement plans.

we're driven to be different. 

Find out how.












		Thoughtful Investment Management

		Built to protect plan fiduciaries and improve participant investment decisions.

		Independent fiduciary consulting

		An independent perspective to help manage fidcuiary risk.

		participant advocacy

		Promoting the retirement success of participants.









 



		 

		DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH FIDUCIARY RISK YOUR COMPANY’S
		RETIREMENT PLAN IS CREATING FOR YOUR BUSINESS?

		YOU DESERVE A DIFFERENT APPROACH TO
		GETTING THE ANSWER TO THAT QUESTION.

		 

		 

Interested? Contact us to learn more.

		 











 


	Our Value Is In How  We Deliver







Investment consulting







Fiduciary governance







participant advocacy







plan design







vendor matching







fee analysis






 























		WE ARE EXPERIENCED RETIREMENT PLAN ADVISORS

BUILDING A TEAM WORTHY OF YOUR TRUST

AND FOCUSED ON GREAT CLIENT OUTCOMES.


 Contact us 











 



Questions?

Check out our Resources. 



 


 









	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 



Wealth Management - Genovese Burford & Brothers



























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 








GBB wealth management

ARE YOU SAVING ENOUGH TODAY FOR YOUR MONEY TO LAST FOR THE  REST OF YOUR LIFE?

HOW DO YOU KNOW?

		 

Contact us for a complimentary
		review of your financial situation.











	Our Value Is In How  We Deliver:







Engaged Relationships

					A Partner who's worthy of your trust







Financial Planning
Risk Management

					A guided Journey to the life you've imagined







Informed Investing

					A Disciplined Approach 
				












 



		 

		WE STRIVE TO MAKE OUR CLIENTS FEEL:

SECURE. UNDERSTOOD.
		EMPOWERED. EXCEPTIONAL. 

		 

		 

How do we do it? Contact us to find out.

		 











 


	Sacramento's Financial Advisors:




 

























	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 



Home - Genovese Burford & Brothers



























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 








		ASK YOURSELF, CAN I LIVE THE LIFE I WANT?
		YOU DESERVE A DIFFERENT APPROACH TO DISCOVERING THE ANSWER TO THIS QUESTION
		AN APPROACH CENTERED ON YOU

		 

		 

		 

		 

Curious? Contact us to learn more.

Watch Our Video

		 














	What Can We Help You With?







Wealth
					Management

					Know Where you stand and
					where you're headed







RETIREMENT
					PlaN MANAGEMENT

					Focused on fiduciary risk Reduction
					AND GREAT Employee outcomes












 


 
“Wealth management and retirement plan management
		provided by a team of advisors with specialized knowledge,
		not a collection of generalists in silos.” 

		 

		 

		 

Interested? Contact us to learn more.











 


how have we earned our reputation?




 

























	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 





Terms of Service │ Genovese Burford & Brothers │ Sacramento, CA 


























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 










		 





















Terms of Service/User Agreement

Acceptance: Please read these Terms of Service (the "Terms”) carefully before using the http://www.gbbwealth.com website and linked websites (the "Service(s)") operated by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth and Retirement Plan Management, LLC (“GBB”). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or otherwise use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the Terms, then you must stop accessing or using the Service.

Ownership: You herein acknowledge and agree that the Services provided through the GBB website and social media networking sites, are the sole property of GBB. You further agree that GBB’s trademarks, copyrights, trade names, and other logo and brand features, as well as product and service names, are trademarks, and as such, are and shall remain property of GBB. You herein agree not to display or use in any manner the GBB logo or trademarks without first obtaining GBB’s express written consent.

	At its discretion, GBB may offer additional website or social media Services or update or modify any current content and Services, and these Terms shall apply to all those Services. If you disagree with any part of the foregoing ownership Terms, then you must stop accessing or using the Service.

Changes: GBB reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. The Services are provided “AS IS.” By continuing to access or use the Service after the Terms are modified, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please do not use the Service.

Termination: GBB may terminate or suspend access to its Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, without limitation. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Warranty Disclaimers: You herein expressly acknowledge and agree that:


		The use of GBB services is undertaken by you solely at your own risk.

		GBB and our officers and employees make no warrantees regarding the Services with regards to their being available without interruption or error free.

		No advice or information that may be obtained by you from GBB by way of the Services shall create any warranty or liability.

		GBB’s content as provided in the Services is provided primarily for informational purposes, and no content included in our Services is intended to advise or recommend trading or investing activities. GBB shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on any information provided in the Services.


Links to Other Web Sites: The Services may contain links to third ¬party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by GBB. GBB has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that GBB shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. You are strongly advised to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third ¬party web sites or services that you visit.

Enforcement: GBB’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.

Entirety of Agreement: These Terms form a legally binding agreement that shall govern the relationship with our users and others who may interact with GBB via our website. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and GBB, superseding any prior version of the Terms.

Governing Law: These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms shall be filed within the courts having jurisdiction within the County of Sacramento, California, or the U.S. District Court with authority in California.

Contact: Please contact GBB at info@gbbwealth.com or 916-924-7527 if you have any questions about these Terms, or to report a violation of the Terms.

	Last updated: May 5, 2016.




 



Contact Us
		For A Consultation


Send Email

Or

Call Us at 916-924-7527




 

















	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 





Wealth Management Resources │ Genovese Burford & Brothers │ Sacramento, CA


























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 










		 





















Resources





GBB Wealth White Papers





 












Five Strategies for
					Managing a Business Sale



Five Strategies for Being a
					Successful Family Trustee



Five Strategies for
					Preserving an Inheritance





	 

	The views expressed are not necessarily the opinion of Royal Alliance Associates Inc., and should not be construed directly or indirectly, as an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned herein. Individual circumstances vary. Investing is subject to risks including loss of principal invested. No strategy can assure a profit against loss. Foreign investments involve special risks including greater economic, political, and currency fluctuation risks, which may be even greater in emerging markets. Indices cannot be invested in directly, are unmanaged and do not incur management fees, costs or expenses. Due to volatility within the markets mentioned, opinions are subject to change without notice. Information is based on sources believed to be reliable; however, their accuracy or completeness cannot be guaranteed. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. The information should be relied upon when coordinated with individual professional advice.


		 





 



Contact Us
		For A Consultation


Send Email

Or

Call Us at 916-924-7527




 







White Papers & Videos
		Read & Watch Commentary

Research Center
		Market overview, sector comparisons, and economic trends

Current News
		Latest industry headlines

Financial Articles
		Commentary on trends and strategies

Todays Markets
		Stock quotes, mutual fund prices and market index information

Financial Calculators
		Calculators for analysis and reporting



















	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 





Careers with Sacramento Financial Advisors │ Genovese Burford & Brothers | Sacramento, CA


























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 










		 





















Careers

This isn’t just a job, it’s a career.

	At Genovese Burford & Brothers, we’re very particular with who we hire. We have to be. Our clients expect the highest levels of service, expertise, and integrity.

We’re always on the lookout for the next generation of GBB Financial Advisors.

	Our Financial Advisors hold themselves to a different standard. They bring expertise and experience, yes, and also the commitment to putting the client’s interests first and working as a team that distinguishes Genovese Burford & Brothers from other firms. They love what they do, and that passion and compassion shows through in each interaction with prospects and clients.

	Our co-workers, like our clients, tend to stay with Genovese Burford & Brothers for years. There’s a reason for it; it’s a great place to work just like it’s a great firm to have in your corner. We all work together, each of us motivating those around us with our commitment to high standards; no short cuts. Together, we strive each day to earn the right to be known as the Trusted Wealth Advisors.

Think you have what it takes to become a GBB Financial Advisor?  Contact us.

	Nathan Torinus
	Chief Operating Officer
	916-924-7527
nathan@gbbwealth.com

Position: Operations Lead 

	 




 



Contact Us
		For A Consultation


Send Email

Or

Call Us at 916-924-7527




 

















	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here







 





Terms of Service │ Genovese Burford & Brothers │ Sacramento, CA 


























































Client Login


Call us at 916-924-7527

Call Us

Send an Email


What's Happening at GBB

What's Happening









 
 







 










 










		 





















Terms of Service/User Agreement

Acceptance: Please read these Terms of Service (the "Terms”) carefully before using the http://www.gbbwealth.com website and linked websites (the "Service(s)") operated by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth and Retirement Plan Management, LLC (“GBB”). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or otherwise use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the Terms, then you must stop accessing or using the Service.

Ownership: You herein acknowledge and agree that the Services provided through the GBB website and social media networking sites, are the sole property of GBB. You further agree that GBB’s trademarks, copyrights, trade names, and other logo and brand features, as well as product and service names, are trademarks, and as such, are and shall remain property of GBB. You herein agree not to display or use in any manner the GBB logo or trademarks without first obtaining GBB’s express written consent.

	At its discretion, GBB may offer additional website or social media Services or update or modify any current content and Services, and these Terms shall apply to all those Services. If you disagree with any part of the foregoing ownership Terms, then you must stop accessing or using the Service.

Changes: GBB reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. The Services are provided “AS IS.” By continuing to access or use the Service after the Terms are modified, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please do not use the Service.

Termination: GBB may terminate or suspend access to its Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, without limitation. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Warranty Disclaimers: You herein expressly acknowledge and agree that:


		The use of GBB services is undertaken by you solely at your own risk.

		GBB and our officers and employees make no warrantees regarding the Services with regards to their being available without interruption or error free.

		No advice or information that may be obtained by you from GBB by way of the Services shall create any warranty or liability.

		GBB’s content as provided in the Services is provided primarily for informational purposes, and no content included in our Services is intended to advise or recommend trading or investing activities. GBB shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on any information provided in the Services.


Links to Other Web Sites: The Services may contain links to third ¬party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by GBB. GBB has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that GBB shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. You are strongly advised to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third ¬party web sites or services that you visit.

Enforcement: GBB’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.

Entirety of Agreement: These Terms form a legally binding agreement that shall govern the relationship with our users and others who may interact with GBB via our website. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and GBB, superseding any prior version of the Terms.

Governing Law: These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms shall be filed within the courts having jurisdiction within the County of Sacramento, California, or the U.S. District Court with authority in California.

Contact: Please contact GBB at info@gbbwealth.com or 916-924-7527 if you have any questions about these Terms, or to report a violation of the Terms.

	Last updated: May 5, 2016.




 



Contact Us
		For A Consultation


Send Email

Or

Call Us at 916-924-7527




 

















	Money 101


Earlier this year, GBB hosted another installment of Money 101, our attempt to improve financial literacy.  Kids and grandkids of our clients were invited to spend a few hours learning about stocks, the dangers of debt and credit, financial planning, and entrepreneurship.  The kids asked great questions and everyone enjoyed the day!

**Stay tuned for the series of 6 videos that will highlight the day's topics of Investments, Financial Planning, Credit, Evaluating a Job Offer, Paying for College, and Entrepreneurship.

Kelly Brothers, CFP®, MBA | Financial Advisor | Partner 7/12 Money 101- Introduction to the day!



	 

See more here






Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC | Wealthminder











































Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC


Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC
(CRD# 105698) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Sacramento, CA.
They
manage $1,359,423,470 in 1,611 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 6 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC




1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815
916-924-7527
http://www.gbbwealth.com




http://www.gbbwealth.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,359
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,611
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$843,838







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, NV, OR, TX, WA






Financial Advisors at Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















John H. Lockwood



CRD#:
5231321



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




96

Wealthminder
score








John Lockwood (CRD# 5231321) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 10 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Jennifer B. Smith



CRD#:
2172224



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




93

Wealthminder
score








Jennifer Smith (CRD# 2172224) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Matthew G. Covelli



CRD#:
5931935



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




92

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Covelli (CRD# 5931935) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Matthew Covelli has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Kevin A. Chang



CRD#:
5902568



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




90

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Chang (CRD# 5902568) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 4 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Jonathan L. Deeringer



CRD#:
2779470



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




88

Wealthminder
score








Jonathan Deeringer (CRD# 2779470) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 2 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Nathan A. Torinus



CRD#:
6309775



1515 Response Road,
Sacramento,
CA
95815




88

Wealthminder
score








Nathan Torinus (CRD# 6309775) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth And Retirement Plan Mgmt, LLC in Sacramento, CA and has 
over 2 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































