


GenOn is now part of NRG












On June 14, 2017, GenOn and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code to implement the settlement and restructuring transactions contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement (RSA).
                

                If you have questions, GenOn information can be found at http://dm.epiq11.com/GenOn, or by calling therestructuring hotline at 888-729-1597
                
                
Information on NRG can be found at nrg.com.















GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v | No. 11 CV 1299 (HB). | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v. STONE & WEBSTER, INC.



					 
				




								GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v. STONE & WEBSTER, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 11 CV 1299 (HB).
								




View Case
Cited Cases






GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC & GENON CHALK POINT, LLC Plaintiffs,
v.
STONE & WEBSTER, INC., Defendant.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
December 5, 2011.









OPINION & ORDER
HAROLD BEAR, Jr., District Judge:
Before the Court is a brief in support of a claim of privilege made by Defendant Stone and Webster, Inc. ("Shaw") as to Document No. SHAW E0015714607 ("Document"). The brief was provided after I requested more detailed briefing following a letter motion made by Plaintiffs GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC and GenOn Chalk Point, LLC (collectively, "GenOn") on October 25, 2011, asking that I find that the Document was not privileged and could be introduced at certain depositions.1 For the reasons set forth below, I find that the Document is privileged work product, and GenOn's letter motion is consequently DENIED.
I. BACKGROUND
Because a more extensive review of the background of this case is available in my opinion of June 6, 2011, GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC v. Stone & Webster, Inc. (GenOn I), 11 Civ. 1299, 2011 WL 2207513, at *1-*2 (S.D.N.Y. June 6, 2011), and an extensive recent opinion issued by Magistrate Judge Frank Maas on the status of various privilege claims made as to other disputed documents, GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC v. Stone & Webster, Inc. (GenOn II), No. 11 Civ. 1299, 2011 WL 5439046, at *1-*2 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 10, 2011), a short summary of this action will suffice. To comply with the passage of a 2006 Maryland environmental law, GenOn undertook the upgrade of the air quality control systems at three of its power plants. GenOn I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *1. Under the Turnkey Agreement, dated July 30 2007, Shaw was to design and build these improved air quality control systems. Id. Compensation under the contract was not fixed, but would be determined by applying a formula containing two variables: (1) the target cost set out in the contract; and (2) the total amount of reimbursable costs incurred by the contractor to complete the work, or the actual costs. Id. The target cost was also subject to modification by "change order."2 GenOn brought this declaratory judgment action claiming that it does not have to pay Shaw for some of the work performed above the contract amounts after cost overruns for the project were projected to exceed $100 million. Id.
The Document in dispute consists of financial spreadsheets and illustrations graphing the calculations contained in the spreadsheets. The spreadsheet, originally created in 2009, shows the combination of charges and change orders that would maximize Defendant Shaw's profits on the project based on the elaborate compensation formulas provided for under the Turnkey Agreement. The Document is not addressed to anyone and does not have any privilege markings.
II. LEGAL STANDARD
Work-product privilege, established by Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495 (1947), and codified in FRCP 26(b)(3)(A), precludes discovery of "documents and tangible things that are prepared in anticipation of litigation or for trial by or for another party or its representative (including the other party's attorney, consultant, surety, indemnitor, insurer, or agent)." FRCP 26(b)(3)(A). The privilege applies to documents prepared "because of" litigation. United States v. Adlman, 134 F.3d 1194, 1202 (2d Cir. 1998). There is a heavy burden on the party claiming work-product protection. In re Grand Jury Subpoenas Dated March 19, 2002 and August 2, 2002, 318 F.3d 379, 384 (2d Cir. 2003).
"[D]ocuments prepared in the ordinary course of business, or that otherwise would have been prepared absent the prospect of litigation, do not receive work product protection." Gucci Am., Inc. v. Guess?, Inc., 271 F.R.D. 58, 74 (S.D.N.Y. 2010). At the same time, a document prepared because of the prospect of litigation does not lose its work-product protection merely because it may assist in business decisions. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1195 ("We hold that a document created because of anticipated litigation, which tends to reveal mental impressions, conclusions, opinions or theories concerning the litigation, does not lose work-product protection merely because it is intended to assist in the making of a business decision influenced by the likely outcome of the anticipated litigation."). If a document is work product, the privilege applies unless the party opposing the privilege can demonstrate "substantial need" for the document. Id. at 1204.
III. DISCUSSION
Shaw asserts that the disputed Document is privileged work product, which was created in preparation for the mediation between GenOn and Shaw scheduled for March 1, 2011. Shaw's Brief 3. The Document has a creation date of 2009 because it was based off a document created earlier by GenOn's sourcing manager, Priya Gill ("Gill"). Shaw's Brief, Ex. 3 Ferguson Decl. ¶ 6. In January or February 2011, Michael A. Branca, outside counsel for Shaw, "requested Stone & Webster, Inc. to create scenarios showing how the compensation factors in Section 13 of the Contract would operate under various potential outcomes of the various disputed costs and change orders." Id. at ¶ 4. Peter Ferguson ("Ferguson"), Shaw's Project Director, forwarded the Document to Greg Hill and Mark Monahan to develop these compensation scenarios under relevant articles of the parties' contract, id. at ¶ 6, to assist in illustrating how the compensation formulas worked as guidance for Mr. Branca at the mediation. Shaw's brief 3. Shaw has submitted a declaration in support of these assertions from Ferguson, which avers that "Document No. SHAW E0015714607 was created solely as the result of Mr. Branca's request as passed on by me to Messrs. Hill and Monahan. Stone & Webster had not previously created such scenarios." Ferguson Decl. ¶ 7.
GenOn asserts that this Document was created in the ordinary course of business. GenOn Reply 2. According to GenOn, Shaw and GenOn have both created similar compensation scenarios throughout their business relationship, as evidenced, for example, by the fact that the original spreadsheets that the Document was based off of came from Gill. Id. at 3. Further, GenOn asserts that the purpose of this Document was for Shaw to determine how to maximize its profits, as demonstrated by Shaw's alteration of its change order and accounting assertions after updating the spreadsheet in February 2011, such that by June 2011, Shaw claimed it was entitled to change orders placing it near the peak compensation zone identified in the February 2011 calculations. Id. at 4.
Based on the explanation presented by Shaw, including the sworn declaration of Ferguson, this Document is protected work product. The Document would not have been created in the same form "irrespective of the litigation," but rather was created specifically in preparation for mediation. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1195, 1202 ("Where a document was created because of anticipated litigation, and would not have been prepared in substantially similar form but for the prospect of that litigation, it falls within Rule 26(b)(3)."). The protection of Rule 26(b)(3) is not limited exclusively to materials prepared to assist at trial. Id. at 1198. ("The text of Rule 26(b)(3) does not limit its protection to materials prepared to assist at trial. To the contrary, the text of the Rule clearly sweeps more broadly. It expressly states that work-product privilege applies not only to documents `prepared ... for trial' but also to those prepared `in anticipation of litigation.' ") (quoting FRCP 26(b)(3)(A)).
Even if, as GenOn argues, the Document was used by Shaw to determine what levels of change orders and charges to assert against GenOn, because the Document was prepared because of litigation, to assist with an upcoming mediation, the work-product privilege applies. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1202 (finding that a document prepared because of litigation does not lose its work-product protection merely because it may be used to assist in business decisions). Shaw has met its heavy burden, In re Grand Jury Subpoenas, 318 F.3d at 384, of demonstrating that this Document would not have been prepared in "essentially similar form irrespective of the litigation." Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1202. GenOn has not presented evidence of a "substantial need" for the Document to overcome the privilege. Id. at 1204.
GenOn makes two additional arguments, relying on the earlier decisions by Judge Maas and myself addressing various assertions of privilege. Both arguments fail. First, GenOn asserts that the situation addressed by my decision on June 6, 2011, was "very similar." GenOn Brief 4. There, I found that documents created in connection with GenOn's third-party audit of Shaw's accounting information were not entitled to work-product protection, explaining that the documents served a "dual purpose" of fulfilling "a contractual right in the ordinary course of business" and also assessing "the availability and strength of potential legal claims." GenOn I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *3. That situation, however, is clearly distinguishable: those documents were created "because of" the provision in the Turnkey Agreement for such audits. This Document, on the other hand, was created "because of" a lawyer's request to help him prepare for mediation.
Second, GenOn has suggested to Shaw that Judge Maas's recent privilege ruling resolves this issue.3 To the extent that GenOn believes this to be the case, I agree with Shaw that Judge Maas has simply not reached the issue because it was not before him. First, Judge Maas did not consider Document E0015714607. GenOn II, 2011 WL 5439046. Further, the "similar" documents addressed by Judge Maas were financial reporting and other accounting documents, withheld by Shaw on the grounds of attorney-client privilege, not work-product doctrine. GenOn II, 2011 WL 5439046, at *10. In fact, Judge Maas specifically recognized that the work-product doctrine was not an argument before him, and noted that his decision might be different were Shaw arguing mat the documents were protected work product: "While at least some of these documents could conceivably constitute work product, Shaw failed to rely on the work product doctrine with respect to them in its privilege log. Accordingly, any work product protection that Shaw might have been entitled to assert has been waived." Id. at *13 n.19.
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, GenOn's letter motion to find Document E0015714607 not privileged is DENIED.


FootNotes 
1. Those depositions have already taken place. Shaw was given a choice between allowing the Document to be introduced at the depositions and objecting on privilege grounds or precluding the Document at the depositions but filing more complete briefing. Shaw elected option 2 and the additional briefs are now before the Court.

2. Change orders are added to or deleted from the original scope of work of a contract, which alter the original contract amount or completion date of the project. A change order could stem from a legitimate, previously unknown obstacle to a project, or from a contractor's addition of fees and work items through change orders once they have obtained the contract, an exploitive tactic.

3. On November 28, 2011, we received an additional letter from Shaw, which indicates that GenOn has suggested that Judge Maas addressed documents similar to the E0015714607 and has resolved the issue of privilege with respect to this Document. Letter from Shaw, Nov. 28, 2011. I reach this argument here by way of completeness: it does not appear in GenOn's Brief.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us

















GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v | No. 11 CV 1299 (HB)(FM). | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v. STONE & WEBSTER, INC.



					 
				




								GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC v. STONE & WEBSTER, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 11 CV 1299 (HB)(FM).
								




View Case
Cited Cases






Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC, Genon Chalk Point, LLC, Plaintiffs,
v.
Stone & Webster, Inc., Defendant.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
June 6, 2011.









OPINION AND ORDER
HAROLD BAER, Jr., District Judge.
Before the Court are motions by plaintiffs-counterclaim defendants Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC and Genon Chalk Point, LLC (collectively "GenOn") to enforce an order of this Court and to quash a subpoena, as well as motions by defendant-counterclaim plaintiff Stone & Webster to compel production of the subpoenaed documents and to disqualify GenOn's counsel and a potential expert witness. For the reasons that follow, GenOn's motion to enforce is GRANTED and its motion to quash is DENIED; Stone & Webster's motion to compel is GRANTED and its motion to disqualify is DENIED.
I. Background
This lawsuit arises out of an agreement dated July 30, 2007 between GenOn and Stone & Webster (the "Turnkey Agreement"). Under the Turnkey Agreement, Stone & Webster would design and build certain air quality control systems known as "wet scrubbers" at three of Genon's Maryland power plants. The upgrade was necessary to ensure compliance with Maryland's Healthy Air Act, which became effective January 1, 2010. The amount payable to Stone & Webster was not fixed, but was to be determined by applying a formula containing two variables: (1) the target cost set out in the contract; and (2) the total amount of reimbursable costs incurred by the contractor to complete the work (the "Actual Costs"). The formula is intended to reward the contractor if its Actual Costs are less than the target, and discourage it from incurring Actual Costs greater than the target.
The target cost was subject to modification by "change order" on grounds set forth in the Turnkey Agreeement. Thus, the amount payable to Stone & Webster under the Turnkey Agreement cannot be determined until the amount of all change orders are known, and Stone & Webster has submitted to GenOn a final accounting of its Actual Costs. Stone & Webster is contractually bound to provide this final accounting on an "Open Book" basis, which means essentially that it must make available all relevant "books, records, schedules, logs and electronic communications and data" in order to substantiate the costs and expenses incurred. Turnkey Agreement §§12.11.2; 1.93.
In view of cost overruns projected at one point to exceed $100 million, GenOn filed this lawsuit seeking a declaratory judgment that it need not pay certain costs and invoices. Its complaint focuses on allegedly improper billings by Stone & Webster that breach the Turnkey Agreement. In 2009, Stone & Webster indicated that its Actual Costs would exceed the initial target cost. GenOn exercised its audit rights under the Turnkey Agreement to obtain cost information, and concluded that the cost overruns were due to improper manipulation and abuse. For example, GenOn points to data indicating that Stone & Webster billed it for excessive hourly wages (e.g., charging $146/hour for 2125 hours logged by a "Safety Manager" who Stone & Webster paid $23/hour), and kept financial records for itself that differed from those created for GenOn.
In its counterclaim, Stone & Webster contends that, above and beyond what it has already received, it is entitled to an amount in excess of $200,000,000 under the Turnkey Agreement. It posits that GenOn's failure to pay constitutes a breach of contract.
II. GenOn's Motion to Enforce the Order dated April 8, 2011
GenOn has moved to enforce a pretrial scheduling order, dated April 8, 2011 (the "Order") that required production of certain documents as they become available. It claims that Stone & Webster's Rule 26 disclosures and initial document productions make clear that Stone & Webster has withheld discoverable documents that come within the scope of the Order. GenOn focuses on two categories of documents: final accounting documents and change order documents. Stone & Webster has apparently provided a final accounting, but not what GenOn refers to as the underlying "source documents" to substantiate that accounting. Similarly, GenOn has requested documents that support and substantiate the change orders that Stone & Webster has submitted or will submit.
As described above and on the record from oral argument, GenOn is entitled to such documents under the Turnkey Agreement, and requested them in its document requests. According to the parties, Stone & Webster has produced some of the underlying source documents that exist in hard-copy, and is preparing to produce those that exist in electronic format. Nonetheless, certain hard-copy documents remain outstanding, including but not limited to invoices from vendors, expense reports for salaried personnel, and non-confidential information contained in personnel records (e.g., curricula vitae). These and any other outstanding hard-copy source documents must be produced forthwith, and all source documents that exist in electronic format must be produced so as to conform to the timetable agreed or Ordered by the Court.
III. The Motions to Quash and Compel
On April 12, 2011, Stone & Webster served a subpoena on FTI Consulting, Inc. ("FTI"). The documents it seeks relate to an audit that FTI performed in 2010 at GenOn's behest. FTI was retained on September 24, 2009 by Alston & Bird, GenOn's legal counsel, to provide GenOn with its confidential analysis of Stone & Webster's accounting data. In July, 2010, GenOn exercised its contractual rights to audit Stone & Webster's accounting, and requested that Stone & Webster provide FTI access to certain information. There was some dispute around whether and how such access would be granted, but ultimately Stone & Webster and FTI executed a Confidentiality Agreement, dated September 30, 2010, and the audit proceeded.
According to Stone & Webster, who has now subpoenaed FTI, while Alston & Bird arranged and directed the audit, Stone & Webster was never made aware of the involvement of legal counsel; to the contrary, Stone & Webster shows that counsel's participation was not disclosed, and GenOn represented that GenOn, and not Alston & Bird, had retained FTI. See Def.'s Opp'n to Mot. to Quash at 10. According to Stone & Webster, the FTI audit contains the basis for GenOn's lawsuit, and is necessary to form its defense. GenOn now moves to have the FTI subpoena quashed, or for a protective order on the basis of work-product privilege. Stone & Webster moves to compel compliance with the subpoena, and also seeks to have FTI disqualified as an expert and Alston & Bird disqualified as attorneys.
The work product doctrine established in Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495 (1947) and codified in FRCP 26(b)(3) precludes the discovery of "documents and tangible things that are prepared in anticipation for litigation or for trial by or for another party or its representative (including the other party's attorney, consultant, surety, indemnitor, insurer, or agent)." FRCP 26(b)(3)(A). The privilege exists in order to "protect `attorneys' mental impressions, opinions or legal theories concerning specific litigation from discovery." Strougo v. BEA Assocs., 199 F.R.D. 515, 520 (S.D.N.Y. 2001) (citing Horn & Hardart Co. v. Pillsbury Co., 888 F.2d 8, 12 (2d Cir. 1989). The party claiming work product protection bears the heavy burden of establishing that it applies. In re Grand Jury Subpoenas Dated March 19, 2002 and August 2, 2002, 318 F.3d 379, 384 (2d Cir. 2003).
FTI's records in this case appear to serve a dual purpose: they were made pursuant to a contractual right in the ordinary course of business to determine what was due and owing, and they were made to assess the availability and strength of potential legal claims. To determine whether the work product protection applies here, the court must decide if "in light of the nature of the document and the factual situation in the particular case, the document[s] can fairly be said to have been prepared or obtained because of the litigation." United States v. Adlman, 134 F.3d 1194, 1202 (2d Cir. 1998) (emphasis in original). Where documents serve a dual purpose, the Second Circuit has "emphasized that the `because of' formulation . . . withholds protection from documents that are prepared in the ordinary course of business or that would have been created in essentially similar form irrespective of the litigation. It is well established that work-product privilege does not apply to such documents." Id. The "nature" of the FTI records can be characterized as audit documents created pursuant to rights bargained for in a business contract. When FTI approached Stone & Webster about the audit, it acted under authority of this contractually mandated audit procedure, and there was no representation that any portion of the audit went above and beyond what was contemplated by the Turnkey Agreement. Neither has GenOn argued that the audit contains information beyond that which would have been recorded in the ordinary course under the contractual audit provisions. I cannot conclude but that the documents would have been created in "essentially similar form" irrespective of GenOn's declaratory judgment action. Id.
GenOn's arguments about the factual situation surrounding FTI's engagement are unavailing. It asserts that projected delays — which, it admits, were not fully realized — and "possible accounting irregularities" made litigation a real possibility by the time FTI was engaged in 2009. Slavis Decl. ¶¶ 8, 12. However, it concedes that it retained FTI to help "gather and analyze Stone & Webster's cost data and to evaluate GenOn's options for negotiation and litigation should negotiations prove unsuccessful." Pl.'s Opp'n to Mot. Compel at 4. As recognized by the Northern District of Illinois, under Adlman, even where an engagement letter states that an auditor is retained in anticipation of litigation, and even where the party retaining the auditor has a reasonable, good faith belief that it might end up in litigation, the audit will not be protected where the documents would have been created in essentially similar form irrespective of litigation. See G.M. Harston Const. Co., Inc. v. City of Chicago, No. 01-CV-268 (JBM), 2001 WL 817855, *2 (N.D. Ill. 2001) (applying Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1202). Routing such an audit through an attorney does not confer work product privilege on the audit records where, as here, there is no suggestion that the records contain attorneys' mental impressions or litigation strategies — material at the heart of the work product doctrine. See FRCP 26(b)(3)(B); Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1200. As the district court in Illinois recognized, "[t]hose strategies may be shaped by such a report, but that is true of all information available to attorneys and accessible through discovery." Harston, 2001 WL 817855, *2. GenOn has pointed to nothing that is protected by FRCP 26(b)(3).
Stone & Webster also moves to disqualify FTI as an expert on the grounds that Stone & Webster shared a prior confidential relationship with FTI and provided it with confidential documents. However, it misconstrues the relevant test for expert disqualification, and alleges that confidential information was provided within a confidential relationship created by the agreement executed by FTI and Stone & Webster on September 30, 2010. Even if this is the proper relationship to focus on — as opposed to a relationship prior to the one out of which disclosures were made — it is difficult to see how any expectation of confidentiality could have been reasonable. Here, FTI was retained not by Stone & Webster — the party seeking disqualification — but by its counterparty. This fails to satisfy the basic test for expert disqualification, which requires an affirmative answer to the questions (1) was it objectively reasonable for the first party who claims to have retained the expert to conclude that a confidential relationship existed; and (2) was any confidential or privileged information disclosed by the first party to the expert? Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Inc., No. 95-CV-8833 (RPP), 2000 WL 42202, *4 (S.D.N.Y. 2000). Moreover, Stone & Webster has not shown how any information it provided is confidential or privileged. To the contrary, it was contractually obligated to disclose the information that it provided to FTI.
Stone & Webster's motion to disqualify counsel falls similarly short. With rare exceptions, disqualification is limited to situations that involve conflicts of interest or an attorney's potential to use, against an opposing party, information gained through a prior representation of the opposing party. See Bd. of Educ. v. Nyquist, 590 F.2d 1241, 1249 (1979). Neither situation obtains here, and Stone & Webster fails to show that disqualification is otherwise warranted. I have considered the parties' remaining arguments and find them unavailing.
IV. Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, Stone & Webster will proceed in accordance with this discussion and the relevant scheduling orders; GenOn's motion to quash or for a protective order is DENIED; Stone & Webster's motion to compel is GRANTED; and Stone & Webster's motion to disqualify is DENIED. The parties are directed to appear for a status conference on June 28, 2011 at 4:30 P.M. to ensure that discovery is proceeding in a manner consistent with the Order and this Opinion.
The Clerk of the Court is directed to close the relevant motions (docket numbers 22, 28, and 36) and remove them from my docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED.







Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
























 











Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC et al v. Stone & Webster, Inc. Docket Item 202 | United States Courts Archive











You're viewing Docket Item 202 from the case Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC et al v. Stone & Webster, Inc.. View the full docket and case details.
Download this document: 




























View plain text
Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 1 of 33

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
----------------------------------------------------------x

GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC, et ano,

Plaintiffs,

- against -

STONE & WEBSTER, INC.,

Defendant.

:

:

:

:

:

----------------------------------------------------------x

FRANK MAAS, United States Magistrate Judge.

USDC SDNY
DOCUMENT
ELECTRONICALLY FILED
DOC #: 
DATE FILED: 4/20/2012 

MEMORANDUM
DECISION AND ORDER

11 Civ. 1299 (HB) (FM)

In this declaratory judgment action, plaintiffs GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC,

and GenOn Chalk Point, LLC (together, “GenOn”), seek a determination that they need

not pay defendant Stone & Webster, Inc. (“Shaw”), any additional money in connection

1

with a construction contract, (ECF No. 1 Exs. 1-5 (“Turnkey Agreement”)), between

GenOn and Shaw. The case presently is before the Court because Shaw has moved for

sanctions against GenOn arising out of the alleged spoliation of electronically-stored

information by FTI Consulting, Inc. (“FTI”), a third-party that assisted GenOn in

connection with certain audits of Shaw’s project costs and which is expected to provide

expert testimony at trial. For the reasons set forth below, Shaw’s sanctions motion, (ECF

No. 130), is DENIED. 

1

In their papers, the parties refer to defendant Stone & Webster, Inc., as Shaw

because it is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Shaw Group, Inc. (See ECF No. 66 (“Am.
Compl.”) ¶ 3). 

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 2 of 33

I.

Relevant Facts

In 2007, GenOn and Shaw entered into the Turnkey Agreement, which

called for Shaw to design and build certain air quality control systems, known as “wet

scrubbers,” at three GenOn power plants in Maryland. See GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC v.

Stone & Webster, Inc., No. 11 Civ. 1299 (HB) (FM), 2011 WL 2207513, at *1 (S.D.N.Y.

June 6, 2011) (“Genon I”). The Turnkey Agreement did not specify a fixed price for this

work; instead, Shaw’s eventual compensation was to be determined using a formula that

compared Shaw’s actual costs to a target cost, rewarding Shaw if it completed the work

under the target figure, but penalizing it for overruns. The Turnkey Agreement also gave

GenOn the right to audit Shaw’s requests for payment on an “Open Book” basis to

substantiate Shaw’s costs and expenses. (Turnkey Agreement §§ 1.93, 12.11.2). 

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated September 24, 2009, FTI, a national

litigation consulting firm, agreed to provide assistance to GenOn and its outside counsel,

Alston & Bird, in connection with an audit of Shaw and, potentially, a subsequent

lawsuit. (See ECF No. 24 Ex. 1 (“Retention Letter”) at 1-2). Although the Retention

Letter was addressed to both GenOn and Alston & Bird, it made clear that Alston & Bird

was the entity retaining FTI, and that GenOn was a signatory only because it was solely

responsible for the payment of FTI’s fees. (Id.). 

The audit that FTI undertook had at least two components. First, in October

and November 2010, FTI examined the payroll of Shaw’s non-manual field personnel and

home office personnel to determine whether the hourly rates claimed for those employees

2

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 3 of 33

had, in fact, been paid (the “payroll audit”). (ECF No. 174 (GenOn Mem. in Opp’n to

Mot. for Sanctions (“GenOn Mem.”) Ex. 3 (Decl. of Joseph Slavis, dated Feb. 1, 2012

(“Slavis Decl.”), ¶ 7))). Second, between March and June 2011, FTI considered whether

the sums that Shaw sought to recover from GenOn for payments to third-party

subcontractors and vendors corresponded to the amounts reflected on the invoices that

Shaw had received from those entities (the “procurement audit”). (Id. ¶ 6). In addition to

this work, Shaw also devoted some time to a “review” of Shaw’s craft payroll, but, at

least initially, did not consider this work to be within the scope of its formal audit

assignments. (Id. ¶ 9). 

Joseph Slavis (“Slavis”), an FTI Managing Director, oversaw both the

payroll and procurement audits. (Id. ¶¶ 2, 4; Retention Letter at 2). In connection with

the procurement audit, Slavis was assisted by Eugene Planta (“Planta”), a Senior

Consultant in FTI’s Forensic and Litigation Consulting practice, Gil Kaplan (“Kaplan”), a

Consultant in FTI’s Real Estate Advisory group, and Mekonnen G-Mariam, who is no

longer an FTI employee. (ECF No. 132 (Decl. of Michael A. Branca, Esq., dated Dec.

22, 2011 (“Branca Decl.”), Ex. E (“Slavis Dep.”) at 26); ECF No. 194 at 2-3 (Planta

Decl., dated Feb. 22, 2012 (“Planta Decl.”), ¶¶ 2-3); ECF No. 194 at 4-5 (Kaplan Decl.,

dated Feb. 23, 2012 (“Kaplan Decl.”), ¶¶ 2-3)).

On April 11, 2011, Shaw issued a subpoena duces tecum to FTI calling for

the production of fourteen categories of documents. The list of items to be produced

sought essentially all of FTI’s materials related to its retention and the audits that it had

3

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 4 of 33

conducted. (ECF No. 14). That same date, Shaw served GenOn with a lengthy set of

2

document requests, pursuant to Rule 34 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, that

included a request for “[a]ll documents comprising or pertaining to any evaluation,

analysis, or assessment, or audit of [Shaw’s] costs of performance by GenOn or its

agents, including without limitation FTI Consulting.” (ECF No. 13 ¶ 43). 

Despite having previously relied on its audit rights under the Turnkey

Agreement as a justification for the payroll audit, GenOn responded by filing a motion to

quash the FTI subpoena, or alternatively for a protective order, on the ground that all of

the materials sought pursuant to the subpoena constituted work product. (ECF Nos. 22,

24). In its motion, GenOn argued that FTI was a non-testifying expert consultant that had

been retained in anticipation of litigation. (ECF No. 24 at 5-8). It was only at this stage

that Shaw learned that FTI had been retained by GenOn’s outside counsel, Alston & Bird,

rather than by GenOn. See Genon I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *2. 

It since has become clear that GenOn plans to use as expert witnesses in this

case two other FTI employees, Neil A. Gaudion and Patrick A. McGeehin. (GenOn

Mem. at 8 & Exs. 5, 6). According to GenOn, these witnesses were not involved in the

2010 procurement and payroll audits, having first been engaged in April 2011, five

2

Attached to the subpoena are certain emails to or from Slavis. GenOn argues that

these attachments implicitly narrowed the otherwise broad scope of the subpoena. (GenOn
Mem. at 2-3). In its reply, Shaw contends that the email chain in fact was attached as a means of
identifying the agreement between FTI and GenOn, which Shaw had not yet obtained in
discovery. (See ECF No. 182 (“Shaw Reply”) at 1-3; see also ECF No. 14 at 2-3 (defining the
“FTI-GenOn Agreement,” in part, as relating to the work referenced in the attached email
correspondence)). 

4

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 5 of 33

months after the audit overseen by Slavis was completed. (Id. at 8; Slavis Decl. ¶ 11). 

GenOn further asserts that the testimony that these witnesses will offer focuses on Shaw’s

work during time periods not covered by the 2010 audits. (GenOn Mem. at 8).

In an Opinion and Order dated June 6, 2011, District Judge Harold Baer, to

whom this case is assigned, found that FTI’s audit paperwork was created to serve the

dual purposes of (a) determining “in the ordinary course of business . . . what was due and

owing,” and (b) assessing “the availability and strength of potential legal claims.” 

Genon I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *3. In view of these dual purposes, Judge Baer concluded

that the FTI papers would have been prepared in “essentially similar form” even if this

declaratory judgment action had not been filed and, thus, could not “fairly be said to have

been prepared or obtained because of the litigation.” Id. (quoting United States v.

Adlman, 134 F.3d 1194, 1202 (2d Cir. 1998) (emphasis in Adlman)). Judge Baer

consequently denied GenOn’s motion to quash the subpoena that Shaw had served on FTI

and granted Shaw’s cross-motion to compel GenOn and FTI to comply with that

subpoena (ECF Nos. 22, 36). Id. at *4. 

Following that ruling, GenOn produced to Shaw certain documents in its

files relating to the FTI audits. (See GenOn Mem. at 5). Additionally, FTI produced its

documents responsive to the subpoena directly to Shaw. At the same time, FTI also

furnished a copy of its documents to GenOn. (Id. Ex. 2 (Decl. of Jed M. Weiss, Esq.,

dated Feb. 1, 2012 (“Weiss Decl.”), ¶ 5)). 

5

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 6 of 33

After receiving FTI’s production, Shaw’s counsel sent FTI’s outside

counsel at Cole, Schotz, Meisel, Forman & Leonard, P.A., an email inquiring why the

“earliest email produced . . . was March 2010” since “FTI was retained in September

2009.” (Id. Ex. A). In a later email, Shaw’s counsel noted that he had found certain

“missing emails” that were “produced by GenOn but not by FTI” and continued to press

for an explanation of the gaps. (Id.). FTI’s counsel’s eventual response was that FTI had

“produced the responsive emails” that it maintained “in the regular course of its

business.” (Id.). FTI’s counsel further noted that, if Shaw possessed any emails “by

and/or between FTI and [Alston & Bird] and/or Gen[O]n” that FTI had not produced,

those were “likely emails that were not maintained by FTI in the regular course of

business.” (Id.). 

GenOn was not privy to many of the communications between Shaw’s

counsel and FTI’s counsel concerning the scope and adequacy of FTI’s production

because Shaw’s counsel chose to deal directly with FTI’s counsel and neither attorney

copied GenOn’s counsel on the emails. (See id. ¶ 6 & Ex. A). 3

Shaw subsequently deposed Slavis on October 14, 2011. (Slavis Dep. 1). 

4

FTI’s public website describes Slavis as someone with “over 19 years of experience

3

When I asked Shaw’s counsel, Mr. Branca, during a recent conference why
GenOn’s counsel was not copied on that email traffic, he responded that he had no “current
recollection of any reason for that.” (Tr. of telephone conf. on Mar. 22, 2012, at 23).

4

It appears that neither Planta nor Kaplan, who assisted Slavis in connection with
the procurement audit, have been deposed. This is not surprising since Judge Baer limited each
side to a total of six depositions during the fact discovery phase of this case. (ECF No. 12).

6

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 7 of 33

focused primarily on Litigation Consulting Services” related to construction projects, see

http://www. fticonsulting.com/global2/professionals/joseph-c-slavis.aspx (last visited

Apr. 17, 2012), but his deposition testimony established that he had only limited

knowledge of FTI’s information management policies. During that deposition, after

Slavis testified that it was his practice “not to send emails regarding any of the case [i.e.,

audit] matters,” and that he had adhered to that general practice in connection with the

Shaw audit, Shaw’s counsel sought to question him about FTI’s document retention

policies. (Slavis Dep. 17-18). Slavis responded that he was “not sure” whether FTI had

an email retention policy. (Id. at 18). He nevertheless volunteered that he believed that

his “email box [was] cleared out periodically as a matter of function,” and that, if so, the

emails of the FTI employees who worked with him on the Shaw audit “[p]ossibly” “may

have been destroyed as well.” (Id. at 19) (emphasis added). When he was asked,

however, whether he knew “as a matter of fact” that any of his own emails had been

“destroyed,” Slavis responded, “I don’t know.” (Id. at 20). Slavis also indicated that he

lacked any knowledge as to whether “anyone at FTI had sent any emails in the first five

months of [FTI’s Shaw] audit engagement.” (Id. at 21).

Despite Slavis’ uncertainty, FTI in fact has an email retention policy. In a

declaration in opposition to Shaw’s motion, Lisa Crawford (“Crawford”), a Managing

Director in FTI’s Information Technology Group, states that “FTI’s standard email

storage procedure involves backing-up the entire contents of each person’s Microsoft

Outlook mailbox at the end of each month.” (GenOn Mem. Ex. 7 (Crawford Decl., dated

7

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 8 of 33

Feb. 1, 2012 (“Crawford Decl.”), ¶ 3)). According to Crawford, the “imaging process

includes emails contained in [each custodian’s] inbox, [and] sent and deleted folders as

well as other emails that may have been saved into separate and distinct folders.” (Id.). 

These imaged emails then are stored on back-up tapes. (Id.). In responding to the Shaw

subpoena in 2011, however, FTI failed to search any backup tapes. (See Weiss Decl.

¶ 8).

In late December 2011, following the conclusion of discovery, Shaw filed

the present motion, which does not seek any further discovery. Instead, Shaw seeks one

of several proposed spoliation sanctions, which include, in descending order of severity,

dismissing GenOn’s complaint, precluding FTI from offering any expert opinions in the

form of testimony or affidavits, and requiring the drawing of “an adverse inference

against GenOn and any evidence offered by FTI.” (ECF No. 130). Shaw also asks that if

the Court “has any doubt that spoliation has occurred, it . . . order a forensic analysis of

FTI’s computer hard drives, at GenOn[’s] and FTI’s sole cost and expense.” (ECF No.

131 (Shaw Mem. in Supp. of Mot. for Sanctions (“Shaw Mem.”) at 2)). Finally, Shaw

seeks to recover the costs and expenses associated with its motion. (ECF No. 130).

After Shaw filed its motion, FTI attempted to restore any available backup

tapes containing Slavis’ emails for the twenty-month period from September 2009 (when

FTI was retained) through April 2011 (when it was served with Shaw’s subpoena). (See

ECF No. 193 (letter to the Court from Deborah Cazan, Esq., dated Feb. 22, 2012 (“Cazan

Letter I”), at 2, 4); GenOn Mem Ex. 8 (letter to Mr. Branca from Wendy F. Klein, Esq.,

8

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 9 of 33

dated Feb. 1, 2012 (“Klein Letter”)). Although Slavis’ emails for the period should have

been stored on twenty monthly backup tapes, FTI was able to locate only fourteen tapes

that could successfully be restored. FTI thus was unable to restore any backup data

relating to Slavis’s emails for the months of December 2009 and January, February, May,

November, and December 2010. (See Crawford Decl. ¶ 4; Cazan Letter I at 2, 4; Klein

Letter).

Donald E. Allison (“Allison”), of KoreLogic LLC, an outside consultant

retained by FTI to verify its efforts to restore Slavis’ emails from the backup tapes, has

provided a more detailed description of FTI’s data processing environment and backup

protocol which helps explain why the tapes for those six months could not be restored. 

(See ECF No. 196 at 2-5 (Attestation of Allison, Sr. Security Consultant for KoreLogic

LLC, dated Feb. 28, 2012)). As Allison observes, FTI maintains its electronic data on

5

“NetApp” data storage systems that are arrayed as storage area networks (“SANs”). Each

data storage system, in turn, is partitioned into a series of logical units identified by

Logical Unit Numbers (“LUNs”). (Id. at 1). Using EMC’s “Networker” product, FTI

attempts to back up its files from LUN to LUN and, on a weekly basis, from LUNs to

tapes. (Id. at 1-2). If a Networker backup fails, the system makes three additional tries

before abandoning the backup process. At month-end, FTI selects the backup tape

successfully completed closest to the last day of the month as the monthly backup, which

5

Allison has more than twenty-five years of experience in the fields of information

technology and information technology management. (Id. at 1). 

9

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 10 of 33

then is stored offsite for ten years. However, if there is no successful backup during a

one-week period on either side of the last day of the month, no backup tape for that month

is preserved. Furthermore, any weekly backup tapes that have not been selected as

monthly backups are retained for only four weeks before being recycled. (Id. at 2). 

According to Allison, the process of backing up the LUNs to tape may fail

for a number of reasons, including the sheer volume of data being transmitted, the fact

that the data is being transmitted over a long-distance network, and incompatibilities

between the size of the LUN files and the capacity of the backup tape. (Id. at 2-3). While

the automated backup process consequently is not perfect, the primary purpose of backing

up FTI’s data is, of course, to facilitate business continuity and disaster recovery, not to

ensure that the data is preserved for litigation. (See id. at 1). Given these business

purposes, FTI did not require that its backup process have zero defects. Indeed, Allison

observed that there were sporadic failures in the FTI backup system other than the

missing six months at issue here. (Id. at 3-4). In his attestation, Allison opines that,

despite the failure to ensure that a monthly backup is stored each month, FTI’s backup

procedures constitute a “reasonable business process that makes a good faith effort to

collect and backup all corporate data.” (Id. at 1-2). 

After the fourteen available backup tapes were successfully restored, FTI

used a utility to locate Slavis’ email repositories and to extract them into a single

Microsoft Personal Storage (PST) file for each tape. (See id. at 3). FTI’s counsel then

searched those PST files and other Microsoft Outlook files on FTI’s active drives to

10

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 11 of 33

locate any additional emails related to the Shaw audit. FTI ultimately produced a total of

551 additional emails and one calendar request to Shaw. This further production included

certain emails that FTI previously had concluded were not responsive to Shaw’s subpoena

during its earlier review of the data on its custodians’ active drives. (Cazan Letter I at 1-

2; Klein Letter). Among the new materials provided by FTI were emails relating to the

craft payroll review that FTI earlier had considered unrelated to the audits that it had

conducted for GenOn. (Klein Letter).

Of the 552 additional documents produced to Shaw by FTI, all but 45

emails and one calendar request resided on FTI’s active drives. In other words, 506 of the

documents had not been deleted; they simply had not been produced previously, either

because FTI considered them non-responsive or as a result of oversight. (See Cazan

Letter I at 1; ECF No. 197 (letter to the Court from Ms. Cazan, dated Mar. 23, 2012

(“Cazan Letter II”), at 1)). 

Of the 46 documents that existed solely on the backup tapes, only ten had

not previously been produced to Shaw by GenOn as part of its own document production

after Judge Baer rejected GenOn’s work product claim. (Cazan Letter I at 1). Of those

ten documents, two were emails between Slavis and a Shaw employee, of which Shaw

presumably was aware before FTI made its supplemental production. Another three

emails related to a non-disclosure agreement that Shaw asked FTI to sign before

commencing the audit and thus do not pertain directly to the audit itself. FTI represents

that “there is only one email pertaining to the audit that Shaw did not already have in its

11

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 12 of 33

possession and that was located solely on the backup tapes.” (Id. at 2 (underscoring in

original; boldface omitted); Cazan Letter II at 1 & Doc. 46). That email, dated September

27, 2010, reflects Planta’s response to an email that Slavis had sent him earlier that day. 

In the first email, which evidently had been produced, Slavis complained that he was

having difficulty locating certain subcontracts and change orders (relating to “Newtron”)

that had not been produced in hard copy form. (See Cazan Letter II Doc. 46). In the

previously-unproduced responsive email, Planta advised Slavis that the Newtron files

were “already in” and could be found under “Client Files/Subcontracts.” (Id.). 

Although it undertook a detailed further review of its electronic information

regarding Slavis after the motion was filed, FTI has not attempted to restore or search any

backup tapes relating to Planta’s or Kaplan’s email to recover additional information that

may have been deleted from their active drives. As part of its opposition to Shaw’s

motion, however, GenOn has submitted the declarations of Planta and Kaplan. In those

declarations, Planta and Kaplan indicate that they responded to Shaw’s subpoena by

turning over to in-house counsel “all documents and emails related in any way to [their]

work for GenOn, including emails in [their] inbox[es], [and] sent[] and deleted folders.” 

(Planta Decl. ¶ 4; Kaplan Decl. ¶ 4). Planta further represents that he did not purge any

substantive emails relating to the GenOn audit from his deleted folder, (Planta Decl. ¶ 5),

and Kaplan states that it is not his general practice to delete any emails from his deleted

folder and that he does not recall purging any GenOn-related emails from his deleted

folder (Kaplan Decl. ¶ 5). Both custodians also declare that, “[t]o the best of [their]

12

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 13 of 33

knowledge, all responsive documents and emails from or to [them], including emails with

Joseph Slavis, related to [their] substantive work on the audit were produced by FTI.” 

(Planta Decl. ¶ 6; Kaplan Decl. ¶ 6). 

II.

Discussion

A.

Introduction

Spoliation, which is scarcely a new concept, traces its roots to the Latin

legal maxim omnia praesumuntur contra spoliatorem (“all things are presumed against a

wrongdoer”). See, e.g., N.Y.S. Bar Ass’n, Report of the Special Comm. on Discovery

and Case Mgmt. in Federal Litigation 13 (Apr. 2, 2012), available at

http://www.nysba.org/AM/Template.cfm?Section=Final_Report_of_the_Special_Commit

tee_on_Discovery_and_Case_Management_in_Federal_Litigation; Kevin Eng, Spoliation

of Electronic Evidence, 5 B.U. J. Sci. & Tech. L. 13, para. 1 (1999). The doctrine of

spoliation has, however, assumed greater importance in recent years as more information

has come to be created and stored electronically. Although a recent study confirms that

spoliation motions are becoming increasingly common in federal litigation in the era of e-

discovery, see, e.g., Dan H. Willoughby, Jr., Rose Hunter Jones & Gregory R. Antine,

Sanctions for E-Discovery Violations: By the Numbers, 60 Duke L.J. 789, 794 (2010)

(“Our analysis of pre-2010 cases [in federal court] indicates that there were more e-

discovery sanction cases (ninety-seven) and more e-discovery sanction awards (forty-six)

in 2009 than in . . . all the years prior to 2005 combined.”), the absolute number of

spoliation motions remains quite small, see Emery G. Lee III, Fed. Judicial Ctr., Motions

13

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 14 of 33

for Sanctions Based on Spoliation of Evidence in Civil Cases 4 (2011), available at

http://www.uscourts.gov/uscourts/RulesAndPolicies/rules/DallasMiniConf_Empirical_Da

ta/Federal%20Judicial%20Center.pdf (finding that during 2007-2008 spoliation motions

were filed in 0.15 percent of civil cases in nineteen districts participating in a study). This

is hardly surprising since, as this case shows, not every failure to preserve electronic

evidence constitutes sanctionable spoliation. 

B.

Elements of a Spoliation Claim 

To secure spoliation sanctions based on the destruction or delayed

production of evidence, a moving party must prove that (1) the party having control over

the evidence had an obligation to preserve or timely produce it; (2) the party that

destroyed or failed to produce the evidence in a timely manner had a “culpable state of

mind”; and (3) the missing evidence is “relevant” to the moving party’s claim or defense,

“such that a reasonable trier of fact could find that it would support that claim or

defense.” Residential Funding Corp. v. DeGeorge Fin. Corp., 306 F.3d 99, 107 (2d Cir.

2000); Kullman v. New York, No. 8:07-cv-716 (GLS/RFT), 2012 WL 1142899, at *1

(N.D.N.Y. Apr. 4, 2012) (citing Twitty v. Salius, No. 11-448, 2012 WL 147913, at *1 (2d

Cir. Jan. 19, 2012)). Although courts disagree as to the level of culpability that must be

shown to secure particular sanctions, see, e.g., Victor Stanley, Inc. v. Creative Pipe, Inc.,

269 F.R.D. 497, 516 (D. Md. 2010) (lamenting the “lack of a national standard, or even a

consensus among courts in different jurisdictions about what standards should govern

preservation/spoliation issues”); Rimkus Consulting Grp. v. Cammarata, 688 F. Supp. 2d

14

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 15 of 33

598, 614 (S.D. Tex. 2010) (identifying six circuits holding that mere negligence is not

enough to warrant an adverse inference instruction), it is clear that even the mere

negligent destruction of evidence may be sufficient to warrant sanctions in the Second

Circuit. Residential Funding, 306 F.3d at 108. Nonetheless, a court should never impose

spoliation sanctions of any sort unless there has been a showing – inferential or otherwise

– that the movant has suffered prejudice. See Orbit One Commc’ns, Inc. v. Numerex

Corp., 271 F.R.D. 429, 431 (S.D.N.Y. 2010) (“No matter how inadequate a party’s efforts

at preservation may be, . . . sanctions are not warranted unless there is proof that some

information of significance has actually been lost.”); id. at 441 (“It is difficult to see why

even a party who destroys information purposefully or is grossly negligent should be

sanctioned where there has been no showing that the information was at least minimally

relevant.”). 

With these precepts in mind, I will turn to the elements of spoliation that

Shaw must prove to secure the relief it seeks.

1.

GenOn’s Responsibility for FTI’s Alleged Misconduct

The first element that Shaw must establish is that GenOn had control of the

missing evidence and a duty to preserve and produce it. Residential Funding, 306 F.3d at

107. Shaw advances two arguments in this regard. First, Shaw suggests that GenOn

should be held responsible for any failure on the part of FTI to preserve or produce

evidence, even if GenOn itself was not at fault, because FTI was acting as GenOn’s agent.

(Shaw Mem. at 11; Reply at 3-4, 6-7). Second, Shaw contends that GenOn had both

15

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 16 of 33

practical and legal control of FTI’s information by virtue of its retention of FTI as its

audit expert, and therefore had an obligation to cause FTI to preserve and produce the

information. (Shaw Mem. at 12-13; Shaw Reply at 4-6). I will address GenOn’s duty to

preserve before turning to its duty to produce information. 

a.

Duty to Preserve

Shaw’s argument with respect to preservation is that GenOn should have

directed FTI to preserve its evidence long before the subpoena was issued because GenOn

reasonably anticipated litigation as early as 2009, by which time (i) FTI was functioning

6

as its agent, and (ii) GenOn had legal and practical control over FTI’s information. 

(Shaw Mem. at 11-13; Shaw Reply at 3-7). 

In Trigon Insurance Company v. United States, 204 F.R.D. 277 (E.D. Va.

2001), the court addressed a similar agency claim. In that case, the Government retained

an economics consulting firm to assist it in the defense of a suit brought by a company

seeking a refund of federal income taxes that it alleged had been improperly assessed. Id.

at 279-80. As here, the consulting firm ostensibly was hired as a non-testifying expert. 

In addition, the Government separately retained the president of the consulting firm as

one of its testifying experts. Id. at 280. Under the version of Rule 26(a)(2) of the Federal

Rules of Civil Procedure then in effect, the plaintiff was entitled to all of the testifying

6

Shaw maintains that GenOn has essentially conceded that its duty to preserve

FTI’s files arose as early as 2009 by arguing before Judge Baer – albeit, unsuccessfully – that the
FTI audits constituted work product prepared at the direction of Alston & Bird in anticipation of
litigation. (Shaw Mem. at 13; Shaw Reply at 3-4 (citing ECF Nos. 24, 38, 42)). 

16

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 17 of 33

expert’s draft reports. In addition to those drafts, the plaintiff also sought the production

7

of any communications among the Government’s experts and any documents that the

experts had reviewed. Id. at 280-81. Although certain such materials were produced, by

the time the Government instructed the experts to preserve their files, “many of the

communications and draft reports had been deleted as a result of the [consulting firm’s]

document retention policy and the individual practices of each of the testifying experts.” 

Id. at 281.

On these facts, the court held that the Government had a duty to preserve its

experts’ files, both by virtue of Rule 26 and because the taxpayer had given the

Government notice that it wanted the materials. The court further concluded that the

Government could not pass the buck to the consulting firm because it was acting as “the

agent of the United States in arranging for the expert testimony to be given in [the] action

on behalf of the United States.” Id. at 289. Among the sanctions that the court imposed

was an order that precluded the consulting firm from any further participation in aspects

of the case relating to expert testimony and permitted the drawing of an adverse inference

at trial with respect to the experts’ testimony and credibility. Id. at 291.

7

Rule 26(b)(4) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure subsequently was amended
in 2010 to exempt from discovery any drafts of any expert report (or disclosure) required under
Rule 26(a)(2), and, with certain limited exceptions, any communications between a party’s
attorney and its expert witnesses. See Rule 26 Adv. Comm. Note to 2010 Amendments. As the
Advisory Committee observed, prior to the amendment of the rule, attorneys often would
“employ two sets of experts – one for purposes of consultation and another to testify at trial –
because disclosure of their collaborative interactions with expert consultants would reveal their
most sensitive and confidential cases analyses.” Id. 

17

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 18 of 33

More recently, in Goodman v. Praxair Services, Inc., 632 F. Supp. 2d 494

(D. Md. 2009), a pro se plaintiff sought spoliation sanctions based, in part, on the

defendant’s “fail[ure] to issue a litigation hold to its ‘key players’ and third-party

consultants.” Id. at 497 (emphasis added). The case arose out of an alleged agreement

that the defendant’s predecessor would pay the plaintiff a $50,000 success fee if he was

able to secure from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) an

exemption from a Clean Air Act regulation under which the defendant’s products would

have been classified as “fuel additives.” Over time, rather than relying solely on the

plaintiff, the predecessor corporation enlisted the services of other consultants, including

a former EPA attorney. Id. at 500-01. After the EPA relented, finding that the

defendant’s products were not fuel additives, the plaintiff threatened suit because he had

not been paid the success fee. Id. at 502-03. At some point thereafter, the defendant

corporation’s chief executive officer ceased deleting her own documents relating to the

dispute after conferring with counsel, but she did not instruct any of the defendant’s other

employees or any of its other consultants to implement a litigation hold. Id.

Addressing whether the duty to preserve extended to the additional third-

party consultants retained by the defendant, Magistrate Judge Paul W. Grimm noted that

there was Fourth Circuit authority indicating that even if a party could not preserve

because he lacked ownership or control of the potential evidence, “he still has an

obligation to give the opposing party notice of access to the evidence or of the possible

destruction of the evidence if the party anticipates litigation involving that evidence. Id.

18

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 19 of 33

at 514 (citing Silvestri v. Gen. Motors Corp., 271 F.R.D. 583, 591 (4th Cir. 2001)). 8

Judge Grimm further concluded that a party has control over documents when it has the

“right, authority, or practical ability to obtain the documents from a non-party to the

action.” Id. (quoting In re NTL Sec. Litig., 244 F.R.D. 179, 195 (S.D.N.Y. 2007) (Peck,

Mag. J.)). Finding that the defendant had neither legal control over the third-party

consultants’ documents, nor the practical ability to cause them to preserve those

documents, Judge Grimm denied the plaintiff’s spoliation motion insofar as it was based

on the destruction of such documents. Id. at 515-16.

Shaw argues that GenOn had both legal and practical control over FTI’s

information concerning the audit and, therefore, should have directed FTI to take steps to

preserve that information. (Shaw Reply at 4-5). To prevail on this argument, it is

sufficient for Shaw to establish that GenOn had either the legal right or the practical

ability to obtain FTI’s materials. See In re NTL Sec. Litig., 244 F.R.D. at 195; Golden

Trade, S.r.L. v. Lee Apparel Co., 143 F.R.D. 514, 525 (S.D.N.Y. 1992). 

With respect to the issue of legal control, Shaw points to the Retention

Letter, pursuant to which FTI agreed to serve as a consultant to Alston & Bird in

8

In this case, there obviously was no need for GenOn to notify Shaw that there
might be information concerning the audit results in FTI’s possession since Shaw was fully
aware of FTI’s audit-related activities. Indeed, Shaw had served FTI with a subpoena seeking
those materials many months before it brought its spoliation motion against GenOn. 

19

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 20 of 33

connection with Alston & Bird’s representation of GenOn. Insofar as relevant, the

Retention Letter provides that: 



It is agreed that FTI materials and all other working papers
and other documents prepared by FTI pursuant to this
Engagement will be maintained as confidential materials and
will not be disclosed to third parties without Counsel’s
consent, except as may be required by law, regulation, or
judicial or administrative process. Unless prohibited by law,
FTI agrees to notify Counsel promptly of any of the following
events: (a) a request by anyone to examine, inspect, or copy
such documents or records; or (b) any attempt to serve, or the
actual service of, any court order, subpoena, or summons
upon FTI that requires the production of such documents or
records. It is further understood that all opinions and work
product of FTI shared with Counsel or the Client shall be
maintained as confidential and shall not be shared with any
other person or entity. 

(Retention Letter at 5). Contrary to Shaw’s contentions, the fact that FTI agreed to treat

its audit work product as confidential, and to provide Alston & Bird with advance notice

of subpoenas such as the one served by Shaw, does not establish that GenOn was granted

any legal rights with respect to FTI’s information regarding its audit of Shaw. Moreover,

the provisions relating to the confidentiality of FTI’s audit materials do not indicate that

FTI had an affirmative duty to furnish those materials to GenOn at its request or that of

Alston & Bird. Shaw therefore has failed to establish that GenOn had legal control over

FTI’s audit-related information.

The issue of practical control presents a closer question. Although there is

no direct evidence that GenOn could have obtained FTI’s audit-related materials merely

by asking for them, or that FTI necessarily would have honored a request by GenOn that

20

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 21 of 33

they be preserved, common sense suggests that this is likely. FTI had not simply

performed a single discrete assignment for GenOn. Quite to the contrary, FTI had been

engaged to review Shaw’s craft payroll and conduct a two-pronged audit, and it

subsequently also agreed to provide expert testimony on GenOn’s behalf at trial. The

relationship between FTI and GenOn/Alston & Bird therefore was and remains ongoing. 

Moreover, FTI holds itself out as an entity that is knowledgeable about litigation. In light

of FTI’s continuing relationship with GenOn, and its role as a litigation consultant, there

seems to be little doubt that FTI would have complied with a timely request by GenOn to

preserve its information. I therefore conclude, at least for present purposes, that Shaw has

met its burden of establishing that FTI’s materials related to the audit were within

GenOn’s practical control. It follows that GenOn had a duty to ensure that those

materials were adequately preserved. See The Sedona Conference Commentary on

9

Legal Holds: The Trigger and the Process, reprinted in 11 Sedona Conf. J. 265, 279

(2010), Guideline 6, available at https://thesedonaconference.org/system/files/sites/

sedona.civicactions.net/files/private/drupal/filesys/publications/legal_holds_sept_2010.

9

Because I have concluded that GenOn was under a duty to preserve based on its

practical control over audit material in FTI’s possession, I need not determine whether an agency
relationship existed between GenOn and FTI. 

21

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 22 of 33

pdf (“The duty to preserve involves reasonable and good faith efforts, taken as soon as is

practicable and applied proportionately, to identify and, as necessary, notify persons

likely to have relevant information to preserve the information.”).

10



b.

Duty to Produce

Turning to GenOn’s production obligations, it is settled law that a party

must produce not only all documents in its possession, but also all documents within its

practical control. See Shcherbakovskiy v. Da Capo Al Fine, Ltd., 490 F.3d 130, 138 (2d

Cir. 2007) ( “[I]f a party has access and the practical ability to possess documents not

available to the party seeking them, production may be required.”). Accordingly, in

ordinary circumstances GenOn’s discovery obligations may well have required it to take

the extra step of securing any additional documents responsive to Shaw’s document

requests directly from FTI, which was continuing to serve as GenOn’s litigation

consultant, and to produce them. 

In this case, however, Shaw had subpoenaed FTI for its documents. (ECF

No. 14). Moreover, after Judge Baer granted Shaw’s motion to compel, Shaw’s counsel

sent GenOn’s counsel an email stating that it expected GenOn to produce immediately

“all FTI-related documents dating back to September 2009,” “whether they [were] in the

custody of GenOn or [Alston & Bird].” Significantly, Shaw’s counsel did not ask GenOn

10

As the Commentary to Guideline 6 cautions: “Some sources of information under

the control of third parties may also be deemed to be within the control of the organization
because of contractual or other relationships. . . . With respect to those sources, the organization
should consider providing appropriate notice concerning the need to preserve material that is
likely to be relevant. Id. 

22

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 23 of 33

to produce any documents that were then held by FTI, stating instead that “[Shaw] will be

contacting FTI directly to enforce the subpoena.” (See Cazan Letter II (attaching email

dated June 6, 2011, from Mr. Branca to Ms. Cazan and others)). Consistent with this

representation, Shaw’s counsel soon began communicating directly with FTI’s counsel

concerning perceived deficiencies in FTI’s production without copying GenOn’s counsel

on his emails. (See Weiss Decl. Ex. A). Having negotiated directly with FTI concerning

its subpoena, and having chosen to exclude GenOn from many of those discussions, Shaw

cannot reasonably complain that GenOn withheld any FTI documents that should have

been produced. See Shcherbakovskiy, 490 F.3d at 138 (“[I]t [is] fairly obvious that a

party also need not seek such documents from third parties if compulsory process against

the third parties is available to the party seeking the documents.”). Indeed, the record

establishes that GenOn’s own document production included many of the documents that

FTI failed to produce in response to the subpoena.

The Court therefore concludes that GenOn had an obligation to cause FTI to

preserve its information, but is not liable for any unrelated shortcomings in FTI’s actual

production to Shaw. 

2.

GenOn’s Degree of Culpability

The next question the Court must consider is whether GenOn acted with a

culpable state of mind, i.e., at least negligently, by failing to cause FTI to preserve its

information.

23

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 24 of 33

In prior submissions to this Court, GenOn flatly declared that it “first

anticipated litigation with Shaw in January 2009.” (ECF No. 78 at 26). As GenOn

explained, the parties initial dispute was resolved on June 12, 2009, but only seven days

later GenOn “requested assistance from Alston & Bird.” (Id. at 26-27). Although the

scope of Alston & Bird’s engagement subsequently varied over time, GenOn conceded in

its prior papers that it “began to anticipate elements of this very litigation in mid-2009.” 

(Id. at 29). If so, GenOn’s duty to preserve unquestionably arose at that time. In re

Terrorist Bombings of U.S. Embassies in E. Africa, 552 F.3d 93, 148 (2d Cir. 2008)

(“The obligation to preserve evidence arises when the party has notice that the evidence is

relevant to litigation or when a party should have known that the evidence may be

relevant to future litigation.”) (quoting Fujitsu Ltd. v. Fed. Express Corp., 247 F.3d 423,

436 (2d Cir. 2001)); see also Allstate Ins. Co. v. Hamilton Beach/Proctor Silex, Inc., 473

F.3d 450, 457 (2d Cir. 2007) (“Spoliation is the destruction or significant alteration of

evidence, or failure to preserve property for another’s use as evidence in pending or

reasonably foreseeable litigation.”) (quoting West v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., 167

F.3d 776, 779 (2d Cir. 1999)) (internal quotation marks omitted). Despite that duty,

Shaw indicates (and GenOn apparently does not dispute) that GenOn failed to issue a

litigation hold letter until May 2011. (Shaw Mem. at 13 n.11). There also is no

indication that GenOn ever instructed FTI to preserve its material. 

24

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 25 of 33

In Pension Committee of the University of Montreal Pension Plan v. Banc

of America Securities, LLC, 685 F. Supp. 2d 456 (S.D.N.Y. 2010), Judge Scheindlin

suggested that after the duty to preserve has attached, it is gross negligence not

to issue a written litigation hold; to identify all of the key
players and to ensure that their electronic and paper records
are preserved; to cease the deletion of email or to preserve the
records of former employees that are in a party’s possession,
custody, or control; and to preserve backup tapes when they
are the sole source of relevant information or when they relate
to key players, if the relevant information maintained by those
players is not obtainable from readily accessible sources.

Id. at 471 (emphasis added). Here, at least two of the oversights characterized by Judge

Scheindlin as gross negligence arguably occurred after GenOn contemplated litigation

since GenOn did not cause FTI to issue a litigation hold letter to its personnel and did not

take steps to ensure that Slavis’ records were preserved. Nonetheless, the particular

circumstances of this case suggest that a categorical designation of GenOn’s omissions as

gross negligence may not be warranted. At the outset, GenOn and its counsel may

reasonably have expected that FTI, which advertises itself as a firm with litigation

consulting expertise, (see Branca Decl. Ex. F), would be aware of the rules governing a

party’s discovery conduct and take steps to ensure that it did not cause GenOn to run

afoul of them. GenOn and its counsel also may have believed – mistakenly, as it turns

out – that Slavis and his audit assistants were not “key players” because FTI had been

retained by Alston & Bird to serve as a non-testifying expert. Finally, whatever Genon’s

shortcomings with respect to FTI’s information may have been, there is no suggestion

25

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 26 of 33

that GenOn failed to preserve and produce all of its own documents, many of which came

from FTI. 

I note these mitigating factors principally because certain courts have

questioned the bright-line culpability rules that Judge Scheindlin promulgated in Pension

Committee. See Surowiec v. Capital Title Agency, Inc., 790 F. Supp. 2d 997, 1007 (D.

Ariz. 2011) (“The Court disagrees with Pension Committee’s holding that a failure to

issue a litigation hold constitutes gross negligence per se.”); Haynes v. Dart, No. 08 C

4834, 2010 WL 140387, at *4 (N.D. Ill. Jan. 11, 2010) (“The failure to institute a

document retention policy, in the form of a litigation hold, is relevant to the court’s

consideration, but it is not per se evidence of sanctionable conduct.”); see also Orbit One

Commc’ns, 271 F.R.D. at 441 (failure to abide by contemporary preservation standards

described in Pension Committee does not necessarily constitute negligence, “depending

upon the circumstances of an individual case”). Nevertheless, even if GenOn’s actions or

failures to act do not rise to the level gross negligence, its conceded failure to take any

steps beyond FTI’s general backup procedures to ensure that Slavis’ emails were

preserved, even after litigation was anticipated, plainly constitutes negligence. See

Toussie v. Cnty. of Suffolk, No. CV 01-6716 (JS) (ARL), 2007 WL 4565160, at *8

(E.D.N.Y. Dec. 21, 2007). Shaw therefore has established that GenOn acted with a

degree of culpability sufficient to permit the imposition of sanctions by this Court. See

Residential Funding, 306 F.3d at 108. 

26

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 27 of 33

3.

Relevance of Allegedly Destroyed Documents

Even if a party’s culpability is established, for sanctions to be imposed, the

Court must find that relevant evidence “actually existed and was destroyed.” See Orbit

One Commc’ns, 271 F.R.D. at 441 (quoting Farella v. City of N.Y., Nos. 05 Civ. 5711 &

05 Civ. 8264 (NRB), 2007 WL 193867, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 25, 2007)). Shaw, of

course, bears the burden of proof as to this element of its spoliation claim. See id. In that

regard, if GenOn’s failure to preserve FTI’s electronically-stored information rises to the

level of gross negligence, Shaw would be entitled to a rebuttable presumption that any

missing evidence would have been favorable to Shaw. See Residential Funding, 306 F.3d

at 109. On the other hand, if GenOn merely was ordinarily negligent in carrying out its

preservation obligations, that presumption would not apply. See Zubulake v. UBS

Warburg LLC, 220 F.R.D. 212, 221 (S.D.N.Y. 2003) (in the absence of sufficiently

egregious conduct, the party seeking sanctions must “demonstrate that a reasonable trier

of fact could find that the missing [evidence] would support [its] claims”); Great N. Ins.

Co. v. Power Cooling, Inc., No. 06-CV-874 (ERK) (KAM), 2007 WL 2687666, at *11

(E.D.N.Y. Sept. 10, 2007) (where evidence was destroyed as a result of ordinary

negligence, “there must be extrinsic evidence to demonstrate that the destroyed evidence

was relevant and would have been unfavorable to the destroying party”). 

In an effort to establish that relevant evidence is missing, and that Shaw

consequently has been prejudiced, Shaw points to Slavis’ deposition testimony, as well as

the fact that FTI failed to produce any emails from backup tapes for many of the months

27

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 28 of 33

for which FTI attempted to recover data. (Shaw Mem. at 6-9; ECF No. 198 (letter to the

Court from Mr. Branca, dated Mar. 23, 2012 (“Branca Letter”), at 2)). Neither of these

alleged bases for an award of sanctions withstands scrutiny.

As noted previously, Shaw alleges that Slavis confirmed during his

deposition that “FTI communicated using e-mails, and that he did not have all of the e-

mails during the time period of his audit work.” (Shaw Mem. at 5 (citing Slavis Dep. 17-

19)). Slavis actually testified, however, that he generally did not engage in substantive

communications by email with respect to the GenOn audit or other audits. (Slavis Dep.

17-18). Moreover, although Slavis believed that his email box was “cleared out

periodically as a matter of function,” he conceded that he lacked any first-hand

knowledge as to whether that was so.
11

(Id. at 17-20). Slavis’ conjecture that the emails

on FTI’s active drives may have been periodically deleted by FTI’s systems managers

consequently does not constitute proof that this actually occurred. Indeed, despite the

lengthy submissions that both sides have made in this case, the record appears to be

totally silent as to whether any emails on the active drives of FTI’s custodians were

periodically deleted when they reached a certain age.
12

The Court cannot assume that this

In its papers, Shaw suggests that Slavis’ testimony that he was unaware of FTI’s

document retention policy should be considered “suspect” since FTI advertises itself as a
litigation consultant. (Shaw Mem. at 8). The fact that Slavis may be knowledgeable about
construction auditing, however, scarcely means that Slavis’ testimony was fabricated. 

11

12

As Shaw itself concedes in its reply papers, one of the questions that remains

unanswered even at this stage is: “Were email boxes routinely purged before or after the
monthly backup?” (Reply Mem. at 9). 

28

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 29 of 33

is so merely because such automatic deletion protocols may be commonplace in large

institutions.

13



To be sure, there is evidence that 45 emails and one calendar request were

found on the fourteen restored Slavis backup tapes, but nowhere else among FTI’s active

data sources. As Shaw correctly observes, this means that these items must have been

“double deleted,” that is, intentionally removed by Slavis from both his inbox and his

deleted folder. (See Branca Letter at 1). All but ten of those emails, however, were

produced to Shaw by GenOn during the course of discovery. Since Shaw received these

emails, the mere fact that they were not produced from Slavis’ active files obviously

could not have prejudiced Shaw. 

Shaw also argues that it has been prejudiced because there were no monthly

backup tapes of Slavis’ email activity for six of the months that FTI attempted to restore

and, consequently, there is no way to know whether Shaw has been deprived of relevant

evidence. Slavis, however, was not in a position to know which of his double-deleted

emails FTI’s technicians would be able to restore. Since seventy percent of the

potentially relevant tapes have been restored, they provide a reasonable basis for

determining whether there is, in fact, reason to believe that relevant information was

destroyed. 

13

For example, in Fiscal Year 2010, the United States Courts had more than 30,000

employees. See Admin. Office of the U.S. Courts, The Judiciary Fair Employment Practices
Annual Report 7 (Fiscal Year 2010). Nonetheless, despite the scale of the enterprise, my emails
remain on my active drive without any time limitations unless I take affirmative steps to delete
them. 

29

Case 1:11-cv-01299-HB-FM Document 202 Filed 04/20/12 Page 30 of 33

Having reviewed each of the 45 emails restored from the backup tapes, my

conclusion is that Shaw’s characterization of them as going to “the heart of this case” is

vastly overblown. Indeed, if anything, the emails confirm Slavis’ assertion that he did not

use email to engage in substantive communications about the audit. Many of the emails

thus deal with administrative minutiae, such as arranging internet access for visiting FTI

personnel at GenOn’s facilities, ensuring the prompt receipt of a confidentiality

agreement that Shaw had asked FTI to sign prior to commencing its audit, problems

synchronizing various custodians’ Microsoft Outlook calendars, and confirming the

locations on FTI’s databases where various Shaw documents and files could be found. 

The limited probative value of the “double deleted” documents is even

more persuasively demonstrated by those that Shaw chose to highlight after GenOn

identified which of the documents comprising FTI’s further production had not been

retrieved from FTI’s active data. Shaw points to four such emails. In three of those

emails, Slavis merely is forward












GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:02 PM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC operates as a wholesale power generation company in the United States. It generates and sells power using natural gas, coal, and oil to retail electric providers and others, as well as offers ancillary services. The company is also involved in the ownership and operation of power generation facilities; trading of energy, capacity, and related products; and transacting in and trading of fuel and transportation services. It owns or leases approximately 4,605 megawatts of net electric generating capacity in Maryland, near Washington, D.C. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Princeton, New Jersey. GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC is a subsidiary of NRG North America, L...
GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC operates as a wholesale power generation company in the United States. It generates and sells power using natural gas, coal, and oil to retail electric providers and others, as well as offers ancillary services. The company is also involved in the ownership and operation of power generation facilities; trading of energy, capacity, and related products; and transacting in and trading of fuel and transportation services. It owns or leases approximately 4,605 megawatts of net electric generating capacity in Maryland, near Washington, D.C. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Princeton, New Jersey. GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC is a subsidiary of NRG North America, LLC.
Detailed Description


804 Carnegie CenterPrinceton, NJ 08540United StatesFounded in 2000430 Employees



Phone: 609-524-4500








Key Executives for GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC




Mr. David R. Crane J.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Manager
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Kirkland B. Andrews


      	Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Manager
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. David S. Freysinger


      	Senior Vice President of Plant Operations
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Ronald B. Stark


      	Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President 
      


Age: 53
        







 Donna Benefield


      	Chief Information Officer and Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC Key Developments

GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Feb 28 17
GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC filed its 10-K on Feb 28, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, KPMG LLP - Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2COR9 LLC United States 8minutenergy Renewables, LLC United States 93LF 8ME LLC United States A & N Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Abengoa US Operations, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GenOn Mid Atlantic LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































 -FM Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC et al v. Stone & Webster, Inc., No. 1:2011cv01299 - Document 124 (S.D.N.Y. 2011) :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










-FM Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC et al v. Stone & Webster, Inc., No. 1:2011cv01299 - Document 124 (S.D.N.Y. 2011)



Court Description:  OPINION & ORDER: GenOn's letter motion to find Document E0015714607 not privileged is DENIED. (Signed by Judge Harold Baer on 12/5/2011) (ft)
			




Download PDF



					UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ---------------------------------------------------------------x GENON MID-ATLANTIC, LLC & GENON : CHALK POINT, LLC : : Plaintiffs, : : - against : : STONE & WEBSTER, INC., : : Defendant. : ---------------------------------------------------------------x Hon. Harold Baer, Jr., District Judge:  11 CV 1299 (HB) OPINION & ORDER  Before the Court is a brief in support of a claim of privilege made by Defendant Stone and Webster, Inc. (    Shaw    ) as to Document No. SHAW E0015714607 (    Document    ). The brief was provided after I requested more detailed briefing following a letter motion made by Plaintiffs GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC and GenOn Chalk Point, LLC (collectively,     GenOn    ) on October 25, 2011, asking that I find that the Document was not privileged and could be introduced at certain depositions.1 For the reasons set forth below, I find that the Document is privileged work product, and GenOn    s letter motion is consequently DENIED. I. BACKGROUND Because a more extensive review of the background of this case is available in my opinion of June 6, 2011, GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC v. Stone & Webster, Inc. (GenOn I), 11 Civ. 1299, 2011 WL 2207513, at *1-*2 (S.D.N.Y. June 6, 2011), and an extensive recent opinion issued by Magistrate Judge Frank Maas on the status of various privilege claims made as to other disputed documents, GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC v. Stone & Webster, Inc. (GenOn II), No. 11 Civ. 1299, 2011 WL 5439046, at *1-*2 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 10, 2011), a short summary of this action will suffice. To comply with the passage of a 2006 Maryland environmental law, GenOn undertook the upgrade of the air quality control systems at three of its power plants. GenOn I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *1. Under the Turnkey Agreement, dated July 30 2007, Shaw was to design and build these improved air quality control systems. Id. Compensation under the contract was not fixed, but would be determined by applying a formula containing two variables: (1) the target cost set out in the contract; and (2) the total amount of reimbursable costs incurred by the 1  Those depositions have already taken place. Shaw was given a choice between allowing the Document to be introduced at the depositions and objecting on privilege grounds or precluding the Document at the depositions but filing more complete briefing. Shaw elected option 2 and the additional briefs are now before the Court.  1   contractor to complete the work, or the actual costs. Id. The target cost was also subject to modification by     change order.    2 GenOn brought this declaratory judgment action claiming that it does not have to pay Shaw for some of the work performed above the contract amounts after cost overruns for the project were projected to exceed $100 million. Id. The Document in dispute consists of financial spreadsheets and illustrations graphing the calculations contained in the spreadsheets. The spreadsheet, originally created in 2009, shows the combination of charges and change orders that would maximize Defendant Shaw    s profits on the project based on the elaborate compensation formulas provided for under the Turnkey Agreement. The Document is not addressed to anyone and does not have any privilege markings. II. LEGAL STANDARD Work-product privilege, established by Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495 (1947), and codified in FRCP 26(b)(3)(A), precludes discovery of     documents and tangible things that are prepared in anticipation of litigation or for trial by or for another party or its representative (including the other party    s attorney, consultant, surety, indemnitor, insurer, or agent).     FRCP 26(b)(3)(A). The privilege applies to documents prepared     because of     litigation. United States v. Adlman, 134 F.3d 1194, 1202 (2d Cir. 1998). There is a heavy burden on the party claiming work-product protection. In re Grand Jury Subpoenas Dated March 19, 2002 and August 2, 2002, 318 F.3d 379, 384 (2d Cir. 2003).     [D]ocuments prepared in the ordinary course of business, or that otherwise would have been prepared absent the prospect of litigation, do not receive work product protection.     Gucci Am., Inc. v. Guess?, Inc., 271 F.R.D. 58, 74 (S.D.N.Y. 2010). At the same time, a document prepared because of the prospect of litigation does not lose its work-product protection merely because it may assist in business decisions. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1195 (    We hold that a document created because of anticipated litigation, which tends to reveal mental impressions, conclusions, opinions or theories concerning the litigation, does not lose work-product protection merely because it is intended to assist in the making of a business decision influenced by the likely outcome of the anticipated litigation.    ). If a document is work product, the privilege applies unless the party opposing the privilege can demonstrate     substantial need     for the document. Id. at 1204.  2  Change orders are added to or deleted from the original scope of work of a contract, which alter the original contract amount or completion date of the project. A change order could stem from a legitimate, previously unknown obstacle to a project, or from a contractor    s addition of fees and work items through change orders once they have obtained the contract, an exploitive tactic.  2   III. DISCUSSION Shaw asserts that the disputed Document is privileged work product, which was created in preparation for the mediation between GenOn and Shaw scheduled for March 1, 2011. Shaw    s Brief 3. The Document has a creation date of 2009 because it was based off a document created earlier by GenOn    s sourcing manager, Priya Gill (    Gill    ). Shaw    s Brief, Ex. 3 Ferguson Decl. ¶ 6. In January or February 2011, Michael A. Branca, outside counsel for Shaw,     requested Stone & Webster, Inc. to create scenarios showing how the compensation factors in Section 13 of the Contract would operate under various potential outcomes of the various disputed costs and change orders.     Id. at ¶ 4. Peter Ferguson (    Ferguson    ), Shaw    s Project Director, forwarded the Document to Greg Hill and Mark Monahan to develop these compensation scenarios under relevant articles of the parties     contract, id. at ¶ 6, to assist in illustrating how the compensation formulas worked as guidance for Mr. Branca at the mediation. Shaw    s brief 3. Shaw has submitted a declaration in support of these assertions from Ferguson, which avers that     Document No. SHAW E0015714607 was created solely as the result of Mr. Branca    s request as passed on by me to Messrs. Hill and Monahan. Stone & Webster had not previously created such scenarios.     Ferguson Decl. ¶ 7. GenOn asserts that this Document was created in the ordinary course of business. GenOn Reply 2. According to GenOn, Shaw and GenOn have both created similar compensation scenarios throughout their business relationship, as evidenced, for example, by the fact that the original spreadsheets that the Document was based off of came from Gill. Id. at 3. Further, GenOn asserts that the purpose of this Document was for Shaw to determine how to maximize its profits, as demonstrated by Shaw    s alteration of its change order and accounting assertions after updating the spreadsheet in February 2011, such that by June 2011, Shaw claimed it was entitled to change orders placing it near the peak compensation zone identified in the February 2011 calculations. Id. at 4. Based on the explanation presented by Shaw, including the sworn declaration of Ferguson, this Document is protected work product. The Document would not have been created in the same form     irrespective of the litigation,     but rather was created specifically in preparation for mediation. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1195, 1202 (    Where a document was created because of anticipated litigation, and would not have been prepared in substantially similar form but for the prospect of that litigation, it falls within Rule 26(b)(3).    ). The protection of Rule 26(b)(3) is not limited exclusively to materials prepared to assist at trial. Id. at1198. (    The text of Rule 26(b)(3) does not limit its protection to materials prepared to assist at trial. To the contrary, the text of the 3   Rule clearly sweeps more broadly. It expressly states that work-product privilege applies not only to documents     prepared . . . for trial     but also to those prepared     in anticipation of litigation.         ) (quoting FRCP 26(b)(3)(A)). Even if, as GenOn argues, the Document was used by Shaw to determine what levels of change orders and charges to assert against GenOn, because the Document was prepared because of litigation, to assist with an upcoming mediation, the work-product privilege applies. Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1202 (finding that a document prepared because of litigation does not lose its workproduct protection merely because it may be used to assist in business decisions). Shaw has met its heavy burden, In re Grand Jury Subpoenas, 318 F.3d at 384, of demonstrating that this Document would not have been prepared in     essentially similar form irrespective of the litigation.     Adlman, 134 F.3d at 1202. GenOn has not presented evidence of a     substantial need     for the Document to overcome the privilege. Id. at 1204. GenOn makes two additional arguments, relying on the earlier decisions by Judge Maas and myself addressing various assertions of privilege. Both arguments fail. First, GenOn asserts that the situation addressed by my decision on June 6, 2011, was     very similar.     GenOn Brief 4. There, I found that documents created in connection with GenOn    s third-party audit of Shaw    s accounting information were not entitled to work-product protection, explaining that the documents served a     dual purpose     of fulfilling     a contractual right in the ordinary course of business     and also assessing     the availability and strength of potential legal claims.     GenOn I, 2011 WL 2207513, at *3. That situation, however, is clearly distinguishable: those documents were created     because of     the provision in the Turnkey Agreement for such audits. This Document, on the other hand, was created     because of     a lawyer    s request to help him prepare for mediation. Second, GenOn has suggested to Shaw that Judge Maas    s recent privilege ruling resolves this issue.3 To the extent that GenOn believes this to be the case, I agree with Shaw that Judge Maas has simply not reached the issue because it was not before him. First, Judge Maas did not consider Document E0015714607. GenOn II, 2011 WL 5439046. Further, the     similar     documents addressed by Judge Maas were financial reporting and other accounting documents, withheld by Shaw on the grounds of attorney-client privilege, not work-product doctrine. GenOn II, 2011 WL 5439046, at *10. In fact, Judge Maas specifically recognized that the work-product 3  On November 28, 2011, we received an additional letter from Shaw, which indicates that GenOn has suggested that Judge Maas addressed documents similar to the E0015714607 and has resolved the issue of privilege with respect to this Document. Letter from Shaw, Nov. 28, 2011. I reach this argument here by way of completeness: it does not appear in GenOn    s Brief.  4   doctrine was not an argument before him, and noted that his decision might be different were Shaw arguing mat the documents were protected work product: "Wlll\e at least some of these documents could conceivably constitute work product, Shaw failed to rely on the work product doctrine with respect to them in its privilege log. Accordingly, any work product protection that Shaw might have been entitled to assert has been waived." fd. at *13 n.19. CONCLUSION For the foregoing reasons, GenOn's letter motion to find Document E0015714607 not privileged is DENIED. SOORDE~  De~ember' ,2011 New York, New York U.S.D.J.  5    
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law

Browse Opinions From the US District Court for the Southern District of New York

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924


Recent Decisions From the US District Court for the Southern District of New York



SpecRite Design, LLC v. Elli N.Y. Design Corp. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv06154
								
									


Castagna v. Colvin



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv06908
								
									


Aleem v. Experience Hendrix, L.L.C. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09206
								
									


Kennedy v. LaCasse et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2017cv02970
								
									


Gomez de Hernandez v. Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09922
								
									


Svenningsen et al v. Ultimate Services Professional Grounds Mangement, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv05161
								
									


Sosa v. Rockland County Community College



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv03329
								
									


Pojarito v. La Pentola Italian Pizzeria, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05844
								
									


Rojas et al v. Kalesmeno Corp. et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00164
								
									


Fatcheric v. Bartech Group, Inc. et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv09702
								
									


Ling v. Erie Insurance Company



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv05281
								
									


Hadami, S.A. v. Xerox Corporation



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv05726
								
									


Anderson et al v. River Greene Construction Group, LLC



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv03684
								
									


Cox v. Perfect Building Maintenance Corp.,



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv07474
								
									


Equity Trust Company et al v. Andrews et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09254
								
									











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 New York US Federal District Courts Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










New York US Federal District Courts Case Law

New York US Federal District Courts


US District Court for the Northern District of New York 
US District Court for the Southern District of New York
US District Court for the Eastern District of New York
US District Court for the Western District of New York


Browse Opinions From New York

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions










GenOn Mid-Atlantic LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























genon mid-atlantic llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Elec & Gas Mktg & Trading
GenOn Mid-Atlantic LLC operates as a electric power generation and distribution company. The Company provides logistics, risk management, marketing, and energy trading activities. GenOn Mid-Atlantic serves customers throughout the United states.




Corporate Information
Address:

8301 Professional Place
Suite 230
Landover, MD 20785
United States


Phone:
1-301-955-9000


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































 2011 Southern District of New York U.S. Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










2011 Southern District of New York U.S. Federal District Court Case Law

Opinions 1 - 500 of 1439

1
2
3
Next




U.S. Bank National Association v. Black Diamond CLO 2005-1 Adviser, L.L.C. et al



Date:  December 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05675
								
									


Guzzo v. Cristofano



Date:  December 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07394
								
									


Beriguete v. Roosevelt Hospital Environmental Services



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03085
								
									


Mendoza v. LaValley



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05860
								
									


Montgomery v. Bank of America Corporation et al



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00440
								
									


Robinson v. Town of Kent et al



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv09027
								
									


Gallagher's NYC Steakhouse Franchising, Inc. v. NY Steakhouse Of Tampa, Inc. et al



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01456
								
									


Westchester Putnam Heavy & Highway Laborers Local 60 Benefit Funds v. Sadia S.A. et al



Date:  December 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv09528
								
									


Dillon v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company



Date:  December 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07958
								
									


Gary Friedrich Enterprises, LLC. et al v. Marvel Enterprises, Inc. et al



Date:  December 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01533
								
									


Knitwear et al v. Jung et al



Date:  December 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07434
								
									


Families for Freedom et al v. United States Customs and Border Protection et al



Date:  December 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02705
								
									


Families for Freedom et al v. United States Customs and Border Protection et al



Date:  December 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02705
								
									


Fink v. Time Warner Inc. et al



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv09628
								
									


Rush v. Fisher et al



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09918
								
									


Starbucks Corp., et al v. Wolfe's Borough



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2001cv05981
								
									


-JLC Pollack v. Patterson et al



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06297
								
									


Noel et al v. New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission et al



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00237
								
									


Mercer v. Gupta



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03828
								
									


Mercer v. Gupta



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03828
								
									


Santiago v. Prestley et al



Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04797
								
									


Laney v. New York State Division of Parole et al



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09063
								
									


Heptagon Creations, Ltd. v. Core Group Marketing LLC et al



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01794
								
									


Mullins v. Bondib Hotels, Inc.



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04069
								
									


Carbone v. Cunningham



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv05710
								
									


In Re: WorldCom, Inc.



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05463
								
									


Alex and Ani, Inc. v. Max & Chloe, Inc.



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04590
								
									


Scott v. WPIX, Inc.



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04622
								
									


Rembaum et al v. Banco Santander, S.A. et al



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04095
								
									


Jackson v. Phillips



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv06987
								
									


Sec. & Exch. Comm. v. Brightpoint, Inc., et al



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv07045
								
									


Becnel et al v. Deutsche Bank, AG et al



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01615
								
									


Oscar et al v. Mini USA et al



Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00011
								
									


-GWG Austin v. Lynch et al



Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07534
								
									


-JLC Sheppard v. Lee et al



Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06696
								
									


In Re: World Trade Center Disaster Site Litigation



Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2021mc00100
								
									


Herrera v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company et al



Date:  December 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01901
								
									


Avella v. Valley Central School District et al



Date:  December 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00923
								
									


MB Financial Bank, N.A. v. 56 Walker, LLC et al



Date:  December 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05538
								
									


Snyder v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.



Date:  December 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04496
								
									


House v. Wackenhut Services, Inc. et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09476
								
									


Wolfson v. Bruno



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00481
								
									


Mediterranean Shipping Company (USA) Inc. v. Cargo Agents, Inc.



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05070
								
									


Waite v. Schoenbach et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03439
								
									


DeFrancesco v. Bottalico et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08193
								
									


M.R. individually and on behalf of, S.T., a child with a disability v. South Orangetown Central School District,



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv01800
								
									


Eaddy v. NYC et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01070
								
									


D'Attore v. Mirabal



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02987
								
									


-JLC Gucci America, Inc. v. Guess?, Inc. et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04373
								
									


Sawabeh Information Services Company et al v. Brody et al



Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04164
								
									


Hicks & Warren LLC v. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09457
								
									


Brautigam v. Rubin et al



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02693
								
									


Jean v. Greene



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv11530
								
									


Bodur v. Palisades Collection, LLC et al



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03475
								
									


Board Of Trustees Of The AFTRA Retirement Fund et al v. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00686
								
									


Mines v. The City of New York/DHS



Date:  December 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07886
								
									


Pacific Worldwide, Inc. et al v. Ample Bright Development, Ltd. et al



Date:  December 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00107
								
									


Sovereign Bank v. USA Financial Services, LLC et al



Date:  December 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01063
								
									


Blasini v. The City of New York et al



Date:  December 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03022
								
									


Perkins v. LaValley



Date:  December 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03855
								
									


Harris v. Members of the Board of Trustees of Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06453
								
									


Mendez v. Skymax Dominica, SA



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07548
								
									


Keeling v. New Rock Theater Productions, LLC et al



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09345
								
									


The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association v. Santander Holdings USA, Inc.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09420
								
									


Press Access LLC v. 1-800 Postcards, Inc.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01905
								
									


Mishcon De Reya New York LLP v. Grail Semiconductor, Inc.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04971
								
									


Cohen v. Strouch et al



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07828
								
									


Trustees of the New York City District Council Of Carpenters Pension Fund, Welfare Fund, Annuity Fund, Apprenticeship, Journeyman Retraining, Educational and Industry Fund, Charity Fund et al v. SDS Labor, Inc.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06267
								
									


-THK Stewart v. Fisher et al



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02184
								
									


Chirogianis, A.I.A. v. Parangi et al



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv00953
								
									


Bossom et al v. Buena Cepa Wines, LLC et al



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv06890
								
									


Branthover v. Goldenson



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv07677
								
									


Rodriguez Garcia v. Bae Cleaners Inc. et al



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07804
								
									


Harley v. Nesby et al



Date:  December 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05791
								
									


Hirsch v. Huang et al



Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09497
								
									


McMillan et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02296
								
									


Friedman v. Swiss Re America Holding Corporation



Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv01792
								
									


S.H. v. Eastchester Union Free School District



Date:  December 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03927
								
									


Arroyo v. Lee



Date:  December 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01171
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Kueng



Date:  December 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08763
								
									


National Day Laborer Organizing Network et al v. United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03488
								
									


Higgins v. NYP Holdings



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08217
								
									


Bell v. Napoli



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv09900
								
									


Pickarz v. Fuchs



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv08118
								
									


Guzman v. USA



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02433
								
									


Clover et al v. Shiva Realty of Mulberry, Inc. et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01702
								
									


Colon v. Trump International Hotel & Tower et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04794
								
									


Fu v. Pop Art International, Inc. et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08562
								
									


Financeware, Inc. et al v. UBS Financial Services, Inc.



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05503
								
									


USACH v. Tikhman



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00954
								
									


Brainblue, Inc. v. Tikhman et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01472
								
									


Ceja v. Vacca et al



Date:  December 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv01660
								
									


Mathes v. Shengdatech, Inc. et al



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02064
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Laderson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07797
								
									


Williams v. Regus Management Group, LLC



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08987
								
									


-FM Genon Mid-Atlantic, LLC et al v. Stone & Webster, Inc.



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01299
								
									


Northwestern National Insurance Company v. INSCO, LTD



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01124
								
									


Castro-Sanchez v. N.Y.S. Department of Correctional Services et al



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08314
								
									


Simms v. Graham



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01059
								
									


Rolle v. Graham



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05258
								
									


Marlon Fund SICA V PLC v. Shengtech, Inc. et al



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01996
								
									


ResQNet.com, Inc. v. Lansa, Inc.



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2001cv03578
								
									


Yaw et al v. Shengdatech, Inc. et al



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03325
								
									


In re ShengdaTech, Inc. Securities Litigation



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01918
								
									


Securities Investor Protection Corporation v. Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011mc00285
								
									


Goetz et al v. Hershman et al



Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv08180
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Galleon Management, LP et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08811
								
									


Mabry et al v. Fischer et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02887
								
									


Gallagher's NYC Steakhouse Franchising, Inc. v. NY Steakhouse Of Tampa, Inc. et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01456
								
									


Martinez v. USA



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09816
								
									


-HBP Robinson et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02163
								
									


-LMS Hamza v. Saks Incorporated et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv05974
								
									


Rahman v. Fisher et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv04368
								
									


Granata v. Berson et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00689
								
									


Ellington Credit Fund, Ltd. et al v. Select Porfolio Servicing, Inc. et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv02437
								
									


Thomas v. United States of America



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2002cv05746
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Galleon Management, LP et al



Date:  December 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08811
								
									


Hughley v. United States Of America



Date:  December 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03805
								
									


-JLC Malinowski v. Wall Street Source, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09592
								
									


Hayes v. Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited et al



Date:  December 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03653
								
									


Solis v. Cindy's Total Care, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07242
								
									


Mazzo et al v. Ibrahim et al



Date:  December 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10064
								
									


Yorkshire Towers Company L.P. et al v. United States Department of Transportation et al



Date:  December 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01058
								
									


Peoples v. Fischer et al



Date:  December 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02694
								
									


Mikityanskiy v. Rowpar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Date:  December 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00698
								
									


Johnson v. Davidson Brothers, Inc. et al



Date:  December 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02816
								
									


Hammond v. Beth Israel Medical Center



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00093
								
									


Brown v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03104
								
									


Bloch v. Gerdis



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05144
								
									


-GWG Gordon v. Softech International, Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05162
								
									


Rodriguez Garcia v. Bae Cleaners Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07804
								
									


Vendivel v. USA



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00063
								
									


Deno v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08550
								
									


Da DeBoe v. Du Bois et al



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv07359
								
									


IRB-Brasil Resseguros S.A. v. National Indemnity Company



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01965
								
									


Perry v. County of Westchester et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09391
								
									


Repex Ventures S.A v. Madoff et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00289
								
									


Ampratwum et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06111
								
									


Da DeBoe v. Du Bois et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv07359
								
									


Vincent, et al v. The Money Store, et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv02876
								
									


The Civ. Assoc. Deaf, et al v. Giuliani, et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:1995cv08591
								
									


Little Rest Twelve, Inc. et al v. Visan et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02306
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Kiryas Joel Alliance et al v. Village of Kiryas Joel et al



Date:  November 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03982
								
									


Arthur Properties S.A. v. ABA Gallery, Inc. et al



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04409
								
									


Fir Tree Capital Opportunity Master Fund, LP et al v. Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00955
								
									


Sazon Inc. et al v. State Of New York et al



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03666
								
									


U.S. Licensing Associates, Inc. v. The Rob Nelson Corporation



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04517
								
									


Gladstone v. Strum Foods, Inc. et al



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv05856
								
									


Thomas v. Sagaties et al



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05116
								
									


Thomas v. Sagaties et al



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05116
								
									


-LMS Ackridge v. P.O. Martinez #8700 et al



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10400
								
									


-JCF Tavares v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03782
								
									


-HBP Floyd et al v. The City of New York et al



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01034
								
									


Automobile Club of New York, Inc. et al v. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06746
								
									


Unilever Supply Chain, Inc. v. Koolpets Products, Inc. et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03241
								
									


Bernstein v. The Chubb Corporation et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00193
								
									


Caractor v. City of New York Department of Homeless Services et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02990
								
									


Spagnola v. Great Northern Insurance Company



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv09960
								
									


-DCF General Patent Corporation v. Wi-Lan Inc. et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06585
								
									


Raniere et al v. Citigroup Inc. et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02448
								
									


Ramasamy v. Essar Global, Ltd.



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03912
								
									


-RLE In re McRay, Richardson, Santana, Wise and Salaam Litigation



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv09685
								
									


-RLE Blessing v. Sirius XM Radio Inc.



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10035
								
									


Unilever Supply Chain, Inc. v. Koolpets Products, Inc. et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03241
								
									


Park v. The City of New York et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09627
								
									


International Media Films, Inc. v. Lucas Entertainment, Inc. et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv01178
								
									


In Re: Old Carco LLC



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05039
								
									


-DCF In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Almanzar v. Zam Realty Mgmt. Co.



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01168
								
									


Solow v. CitiGroup, Inc.



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02927
								
									


-RLE White v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08689
								
									


Three Five Compounds, Inc. v. Scram Technologies, Inc.



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01616
								
									


-JCF McDaniel v. Lavalley



Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09177
								
									


Aruba Hotel Enterprises N.V. v. Belfonti et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv07564
								
									


Loss Prevention Works, LLC v. March Networks,Inc. et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07616
								
									


Hendricks v. N.Y.C. Dept. of Corrections et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01206
								
									


Ambriz Trading Corporation et al v. URALSIB Financial Corporation et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04420
								
									


Pope Investments II, LLC et al v. Deheng Law Firm et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06608
								
									


Transition Investments, Inc. v. The Allen O. Dragge, Jr. Family Trust et al



Date:  November 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04775
								
									


Hoguet Newman Regal & Kenney, LLP v. Rubin



Date:  November 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05377
								
									


Sayigh v. Pier 59 Studios, L.P. et al



Date:  November 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01453
								
									


Underdog Trucking, L.L.C. et al v. Verizon Services Corporation et al



Date:  November 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08918
								
									


Kolon v. Khahaifa



Date:  November 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01512
								
									


American Express Marketing & Development Corp. et al v. Black Card LLC



Date:  November 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01605
								
									


Loss Prevention Works, LLC v. March Networks,Inc. et al



Date:  November 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07616
								
									


Drapkin v. Mafco Consolidated Group Inc.



Date:  November 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01285
								
									


Espinoza et al v. 953 Associates LLC et al



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05517
								
									


Fortunato v. Chase Bank USA, N.A.



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06608
								
									


Rasulo v. Hartnett et al



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv09056
								
									


Quality Service Group, LLC v. LJMJR Corp. et al



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09090
								
									


Aeolus Down, Inc. v. Credit Suisse International



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08293
								
									


-JLC Gucci America, Inc. v. Guess?, Inc. et al



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04373
								
									


In re: Canadian Superior Securities Litigation



Date:  November 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10087
								
									


-KNF Bravia Capital Partners Inc. v. Fike



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06375
								
									


-DCF Figueroa v. NYC Department of Sanitation



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2005cv09594
								
									


American Civil Liberties Union et al v. Office of the Director of National Intelligence et al



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04419
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Galleon Management, LP et al



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08811
								
									


Vuona et al v. Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. et al



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06529
								
									


Williams v. Obama et al



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04126
								
									


AMBAC Assurance Corporation v. Adelanto Public Utility Authority



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05087
								
									


Northwestern National Insurance Company v. INSCO, LTD



Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01124
								
									


In Re: The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, Inc.,



Date:  November 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv01338
								
									


Williams v. Skyline Automotive Inc.



Date:  November 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04123
								
									


Plumbers and Pipefitters Local Union No. 630 Pension-Annuity Trust Fund et al v. Arbitron, Inc. et al



Date:  November 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv04063
								
									


-PED Nieves et al v. Community Choice Health Plan of Westchester, Inc., et al



Date:  November 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv00321
								
									


Brecher, et al. v. Citigroup Inc., et al.



Date:  November 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07359
								
									


EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C. v. XStreamHD, LLC



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02790
								
									


Northwestern National Insurance Company v. INSCO, LTD



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01124
								
									


-JLC Hounddog Productions, L.L.C. et al v. Empire Film Group, Inc. et al



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09698
								
									


In Re: Ninotchka Jannetje Manus



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08244
								
									


-THK Funnekotter et al v. Republic of Zimbabwe



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08168
								
									


Gonzalez-Blanco v. Bank of America, N.A. et al



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07139
								
									


Sykes v. CBS Radio Inc. of Maryland



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv08072
								
									


Wiggins v. Hain Pure Protein Corporation et al



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04098
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Boock et al



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08261
								
									


Zito v. New York City Office of Payroll Administration et al



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02779
								
									


S.F. et al v. The New York City Department of Education



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00870
								
									


Collantes v United States Of America



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv06086
								
									


Romag Fasteners, Inc. v. Bauer et al



Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03181
								
									


R. et al v. Bloise et al



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv06228
								
									


Leber v. CitiGroup, Inc. et al



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv09329
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Galleon Management, LP et al



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08811
								
									


-JLC Kinlaw v. Walsh et al



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07539
								
									


Healthpro Bioventures, LLC v. Prometic Life Sciences Inc.



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03295
								
									


U.S. Specialty Insurance Company, v. Liberty Partners L.P. et al



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03736
								
									


Ortiz v. Artus



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00062
								
									


The New York Times Company et al v. Federal Bureau of Investigation



Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07920
								
									


Unites States v. Pokerstars, et al



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02564
								
									


U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission v. Citigroup Global Markets Inc.



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07387
								
									


Mazloum v. Intercontinental Commerce Corporation et al



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09347
								
									


Lidle et al v. Cirrus Design Corporation



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01253
								
									


Rauf v. Shanahan et al



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07755
								
									


E-Lionheart Associates, LLC v. Alkane, Inc.



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv02781
								
									


Rivera v. Emerging Health Information Technology



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv08522
								
									


In re WebMD Health Corp. Securities Litigation



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05382
								
									


Howard v. MTA Metro North Railroad



Date:  November 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03291
								
									


Toliver v. Commissioner of N.Y.C. D.O.C. et al



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05805
								
									


Blum et al v. City of Yonkers et al



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2005cv10162
								
									


Sunskar Ltd. v. China Direct Industries, Inc.



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02499
								
									


-DCF Obex Securities, LLC v. Healthzone Limited



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06876
								
									


McDonnell v. First UNUM Life Insurance Company et al



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08140
								
									


Friedman v. Swiss Re America Holding Corporation



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv01792
								
									


Lesane v. City of New York Municipal Corporation et al



Date:  November 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02104
								
									


Gianatasio v. D'Agostino et al



Date:  November 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03095
								
									


Papadopoulos v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  November 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07980
								
									


Rush v. Fisher et al



Date:  November 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09918
								
									


-PED Mercado v. Lempke



Date:  November 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv09865
								
									


Henry v. Fischer et al



Date:  November 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03822
								
									


Ningbo Products Import & Export Co., Ltd. v. Eliau et al



Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00650
								
									


Broadhurst v. The County Of Rockland et al



Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv09511
								
									


-GAY Moses v. Ecrole



Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv03839
								
									


Solis v. Cindy's Total Care, Inc. et al



Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07242
								
									


Sylvestro v. Astrue



Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv09554
								
									


The Sun Products Corporation v. Bruch et al



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04816
								
									


Espinal v. USA



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv07029
								
									


Sank v. City University of New York



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04975
								
									


Jain v. The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. et al



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06520
								
									


Smith v. New York City Department of Education et al



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09256
								
									


C.F. v. New York City Department of Education



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00157
								
									


-RLE Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Michael Cetta, Inc.



Date:  October 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10601
								
									


The New York City District Council of Carpenters Pension Fund et al v. Star Intercom & Construction, Inc.



Date:  October 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03015
								
									


Ajaj v. Mackechnie et al



Date:  October 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv05959
								
									


-AJP Deans et al v. Bank of America et al



Date:  October 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09582
								
									


-FM Wingate v. Mayor Bloomberg City of New York et al



Date:  October 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00188
								
									


Mancision v. Hyatt Hotel Corporation et al



Date:  October 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08295
								
									


Liriano et al v. ICE/DHS et al



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06196
								
									


U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission v. Citigroup Global Markets Inc.



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv07387
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Razzoli v. U.S. Navy et al



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04323
								
									


Hernandez v. Bettino et al



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04235
								
									


The Gameologist Group, LLC v. Scientific Games International, Inc. et al



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06261
								
									


Maurice McDowall v. USA



Date:  October 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02095
								
									


Gonzalez v. Sarreck et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03661
								
									


Stillman v. InService America Inc et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2005cv06612
								
									


National Day Laborer Organizing Network et al v. United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03488
								
									


-RLE Perkins v. American Transit Insurance Company et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05655
								
									


Kuruwa et al v. Meyers



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04412
								
									


-FM Jovani Fashion, Ltd. v. Cinderella Divine, Inc. et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07085
								
									


Noel v. Chase Investment Services/JP Morgan Chase Bank et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03147
								
									


-THK Rodriguez v. New York City Police Department et al



Date:  October 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00891
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Vargas v. USA



Date:  October 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02933
								
									


Vargas v. USA



Date:  October 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02933
								
									


Adler et al v. Raynor et al



Date:  October 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08877
								
									


Allstate Insurance Company et al v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC et al



Date:  October 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02232
								
									


Ardis Health, LLC et al v. Nankivell



Date:  October 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05013
								
									


Owen v. No Parking Today Inc.



Date:  October 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05626
								
									


Allen v. Robinson



Date:  October 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07118
								
									


Engstrom et al v. Elan Corporation, PLC et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01232
								
									


Cobalt Multifamily Investors I, LLC et al v. Arden et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv06172
								
									


Marte et al v. Berkman et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06082
								
									


-HBP Davis et al v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00699
								
									


Tradewinds Airlines Inc. v. Soros et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05901
								
									


Urresta et al v. MBJ Cafeteria Corp. et al



Date:  October 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08277
								
									


-HBP LaSalle Bank National Association v. CIBC Inc.



Date:  October 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv08426
								
									


Urresta et al v. MBJ Cafeteria Corp. et al



Date:  October 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08277
								
									


Cintron et al v. Orange County Community College



Date:  October 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv01238
								
									


Unison, LLC v. Wooten et al



Date:  October 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv02680
								
									


Midwest Memorial Group, LLC v. International Fund Services (Ireland) Limited



Date:  October 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08660
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  October 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06866
								
									


Rembaum et al v. Banco Santander, S.A. et al



Date:  October 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04095
								
									


Johnston et al v. Apple, Inc.



Date:  October 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03321
								
									


Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas v. Elliott International, L.P. et al



Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05242
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Cobalt MultiFamily Investors 1, LLC. et al



Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv02360
								
									


Pollack v. Holanchock et al



Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02402
								
									


Leon et al v. Pelleh Poultry Corporation et al



Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv04719
								
									


Akhtab v. BCBG Max Azria Group Inc. et al



Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04567
								
									


Alpine Fresh, Inc. v. M/V Cap ITAIM et al



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08279
								
									


Plumbers, Pipefitters & MES Local Union No. 392 Pension Fund v. Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited et al



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05097
								
									


Crowell v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv08019
								
									


Hunt et al v. Enzo Biochem, Inc. et al



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv00170
								
									


Gomez v. Ercole



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07723
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06671
								
									


MacSweeney et al v. ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company et al



Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv00971
								
									


Moya Barahona v. Napolitano et al



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01574
								
									


Stoner v. Young Concert Artists, Inc.



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08025
								
									


Brandon v. USA



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07720
								
									


Sims v. The City of New York



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05965
								
									


Egipciaco v. USA



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09498
								
									


Oscar Caesar v. USA



Date:  October 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00402
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Hart v. New York University Hospital Center



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05159
								
									


Grande v. Gristede's Foods, Inc.



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00777
								
									


Son v. Reina Bijoux, Inc. et al



Date:  October 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02315
								
									


Chen et al v. Grand Harmony Restaurant, Inc. et al



Date:  October 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv06579
								
									


Finn v. New York State Office Of Mental Health--Rockland Psychiatric Center et al



Date:  October 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv05142
								
									


Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Purdue Pharma, L.P.



Date:  October 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03380
								
									


Andrea Moore v. USA



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01860
								
									


Cacoperdo v. Hartford Life Insurance Company



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07847
								
									


Cornelius et al v. United Parcel Service, Inc. et al



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03206
								
									


Rinehart v. Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. et al



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05598
								
									


American Civil Liberties Union et al v. Department of Defense et al



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv04151
								
									


Eitzen Bulk A/S v. State Bank of India et al



Date:  October 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10118
								
									


IN RE: LONGTOP FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED SECURITIES LITIGATION



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03658
								
									


-JCF Carvel v. Ross et al



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						1:2009cv00722, 1:2009cv00722
								
									


-JCF Carvel v. Ross et al



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						1:2009cv00722, 1:2009cv00722
								
									


Technology in Partnership, Inc. v. Rudin et al



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08076
								
									


U.S. Bank, N.A. v. Squadron VCD, LLC et al



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv05484
								
									


Mandell v. Spencer Reeve



Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06530
								
									


Levion v. Societe Generale



Date:  October 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05800
								
									


Mikityanskiy v. DMS Holdings, Inc. et al



Date:  October 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01243
								
									


Miles v. Astrue



Date:  October 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10296
								
									


Northwestern National Insurance Company v. INSCO, LTD



Date:  October 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01124
								
									


-PED Herzlinger v. Nichter et al



Date:  October 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv00192
								
									


Bey v. The New York and Presbyterian Hospital



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv05454
								
									


Sneed v. City of N.Y. Dept. of Parks and Recreation



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00299
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Zurich Financial Services



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv10760
								
									


International Fund Management S.A. et al v. CitiGroup Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08755
								
									


Pandozy v. Gabay



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03473
								
									


Porrazo v. Bumble Bee Foods, LLC et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv04367
								
									


White v. Department of Correctional Services et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00993
								
									


Clover et al v. Shiva Realty of Mulberry, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01702
								
									


Families for Freedom et al v. United States Customs and Border Protection et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02705
								
									


Wilamowsky v. Take Two Interactive Software, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07471
								
									


Eneque et al v. Metropolitan Cable Communications, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06831
								
									


Holmes v. Experian Information Solutions, Inc.



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00874
								
									


Kerman-Mastour v. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01633
								
									


Levi v. Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08012
								
									


Kiobel, et al v. Royal Dutch Petro., et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2002cv07618
								
									


Cobalt Multifamily Investors I, LLC et al v. Arden et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv06172
								
									


Wu v. Pearson Education Inc.



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06557
								
									


-GWG Dilworth et al v. Goldberg et al



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02224
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05174
								
									


Mazzei v. The Money Store, et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2001cv05694
								
									


Vega v. Fed Ex



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07637
								
									


-JCF Lau v. Mezei et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04838
								
									


-FM Soley v. Wasserman



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv09262
								
									


Tyler v. Liz Claiborne, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04147
								
									


Pierce v. Highlands Falls-Fort Montgomery Central School District et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv01948
								
									


Vincent, et al v. The Money Store, et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv02876
								
									


-DCF Keitt v. John/Jane Doe #4 et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv08508
								
									


Angela Tese-Milner v. De Beers Centenary AG et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv05203
								
									


Wiggins v. Ercole



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03053
								
									


Key Items, Inc. v. Ultima Diamonds, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv03729
								
									


Tide Natural Gas Storage I, LP et al v. Falcon Gas Storage Company, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05821
								
									


Pilchman v. American Federation of State, County & Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO et al



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04976
								
									


Dover Limited v. Assemi et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01337
								
									


Ventimiglia v. Astrue



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03148
								
									


Cedar Petrochemicals, Inc. v. Dongbu Hannong Chemical Co., Ltd.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv03972
								
									


Empire City Capital Corp. et al v. Citibank, N.A.,



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv02601
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


Cole v. Pearson Education Inc.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07523
								
									


Warner v. Perrigo Company et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv02255
								
									


-JCF Bayer Schering Pharma AG et al v. Sandoz, Inc. et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv03710
								
									


Spaulding et al v. Monsanto Company et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09470
								
									


Chrisha Creations, Ltd. v. Dolgencorp, Inc. et al



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01065
								
									


NML Capital, Ltd. v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01707
								
									


CSC Scientific Company, Inc. v. Manorcare Health Services, Inc.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv10207
								
									


-PED Tinsley v. R,K. Woods



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv01332
								
									


In Re: Mark IV Industries, Inc.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00648
								
									


NML Capital, Ltd. v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv06978
								
									


Fernandez v. La Valley



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07914
								
									


NML Capital, Ltd. v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01708
								
									


CIH International Holdings, LLC v. BT United States L.L.C.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07790
								
									


Texaco, Inc. et al v. Texaco, Inc.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv08151
								
									


Coalition for a Level Playing Field, L.L.C. v. Autozone, Inc.



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv08450
								
									


Irving H. Picard v. Saul B. Katz et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03605
								
									


In Re: Wayne A. Sturman



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06725
								
									


Elek v. Incorporated Village Of Monroe et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv08928
								
									


Cordts-Auth v. Crunk, LLC et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv08017
								
									


Chambers et al v. North Rockland Central School District et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv08190
								
									


Oladokun v. Ryan et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv02330
								
									


-FM Waverly Properties, LLC v. KMG Waverly, LLC et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv03940
								
									


Ellis v. Asset Protection & Security, Inc.



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06555
								
									


TZ Manor, LLC et al v. Daines et al



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv03293
								
									


Caruso v. Grace



Date:  September 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02353
								
									


Mosdos Chofetz Chaim, Inc. v. Village of Wesley Hills et al.



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv00156
								
									


Allison v. Rite Aid Corporation et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06931
								
									


Ronis v. Carmine's Broadway Feast, Inc. et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03355
								
									


Northeast Trading, Inc. v. Ven-Co Produce, Inc. et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07767
								
									


-KNF Veliz v. Collins Building Service, Inc. et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06615
								
									


Digiprotect USA Corporation v. John Does 1-240 et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08760
								
									


Vioni et al v. American Capital Strategies, Ltd. et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv02950
								
									


Serdans v. The Presbyterian Hospital in the City of New York



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01304
								
									


Berry v. Village of Millbrook



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv04234
								
									


Orient Overseas Container Line Ltd. v. Crystal Cove Seafood Corp.



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03166
								
									


Garrett v. The City of New York et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv02689
								
									


Instinet Incorporated et al v. Ariel (UK) Limited



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv07141
								
									


-LMS Giannasca v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv00341
								
									


Sims v. Farrelly et al



Date:  September 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv04765
								
									


Aegis Insurance Services, Inc. et al v. 7 World Trade Center Company, L.P. et al



Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv07272
								
									


Argus Management Corporation v. Siemens Corporation



Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01923
								
									


Young v. Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company et al



Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09811
								
									


Drapkin v. Mafco Consolidated Group Inc.



Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01285
								
									


Parks v. Office of Temporary Disability Assistance



Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv03079
								
									


Konowaloff v. The Metropolitan Museum of Art



Date:  September 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09126
								
									


TNS Media Research, LLC et al v. TRA Global, Inc.



Date:  September 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04039
								
									


Shehadi v. Lifson et al



Date:  September 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04571
								
									


Ng v. Schram



Date:  September 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08347
								
									


Bright v. Edwards et al



Date:  September 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07686
								
									


-GWG Chavis v. New York State Division of Parole et al



Date:  September 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02176
								
									


In Re: Linens Antitrust Litigation



Date:  September 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2003cv07823
								
									


-MHD Republic of Benin v. Mezei et al



Date:  September 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv00870
								
									


Ditocco et al v. Riordan et al



Date:  September 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04186
								
									


Mickelsen v. Bertelsmann, Inc. et al



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv10138
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07559
								
									


Orillaneda v. The French Culinary Institute



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv03206
								
									


Fairfield Sentry Ltd. (In Liquidation) et al v. HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA et al



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011mc00224
								
									


Samad Brothers, Inc. v. Bokara Rug Co. Inc



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05843
								
									


Castillo v. Rodas et al



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09919
								
									


Oluyomi v. Napolitano et al



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv09171
								
									


Barulic-Stiles v. N.Y.S. Division of Human Rights et al



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07375
								
									


Johnston et al v. Apple, Inc.



Date:  September 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03321
								
									


Figueroa v. Morgenthau



Date:  September 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04188
								
									


Mason Tenders District Council of Greater New York v. WTC Contracting, Inc. et al



Date:  September 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00700
								
									


-DCF Jermyn v. Best Buy Co., Inc.



Date:  September 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00214
								
									


-HBP In re Herald, Primeo and Thema Funds Securities Litigation



Date:  September 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv00289
								
									


Phillips v. Merck and Co., Inc.



Date:  September 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv06295
								
									


IN RE MORGAN STANLEY MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES LITIGATION



Date:  September 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv02137
								
									


Jalili v. Xanboo Inc. et al



Date:  September 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01200
								
									


Morrissette v. Cripps et al



Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08795
								
									


Miller v. Geren



Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07425
								
									


380544 Canada, Inc. et al v. Aspen Technology, Inc. et al



Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv01204
								
									


Fad et al v. L'Oreal USA, Inc. et al



Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05063
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06566
								
									


Cohen v. Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv10453
								
									


McCall v. Chesapeake Energy Corp. et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08897
								
									


-DCF Thai-Lao Lignite (Thailand) Co. Ltd. et al v. Government of the LAO People's Democratic Republic



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv05256
								
									


Societe d'Assurance de l'Est SPRL et al v. Citigroup Inc.



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04754
								
									


Cohen v. Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv10453
								
									


Granite Enterprises Limited v. Virgoz Oils & Fats Pte Ltd et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv04534
								
									


Ziegler v. Twenty Two Degree Energy Corp. et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00156
								
									


American International Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan v. Guterman



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv09390
								
									


Pincione v. D'Alfonso et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03618
								
									


Richardson v. Department of Corrections et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06137
								
									


Walsh et al v. Northwest/KLM Airlines, Inc.



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv01803
								
									


Cacace et al v. Meyer Marketing (Macau Commercial Offshore) Co. LTD. et al



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2006cv02938
								
									


Ferguson v. U.S. Department of Education



Date:  September 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10057
								
									


Bel Canto Design, Ltd. v. MSS HiFi, Inc. et al



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv06353
								
									


Perkins v. LaValley



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03855
								
									


Ferguson v. Jones et al



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00817
								
									


Rosario v. Lewis et al



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06664
								
									


United States Of America v. Mastellone



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv07374
								
									


Grocery Haulers, Inc. v. C&S Wholesale Groceries, Inc.



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03130
								
									


Rivera et al v. Mattingly et al



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2006cv07077
								
									


Pure Power Boot Camp, Inc. et al v. Warrior Fitness Boot Camp, LLC et al



Date:  September 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv04810
								
									


-AJP United States Securities and Exchange Commission v. Verdiramo et al



Date:  September 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv01888
								
									


Hird v. Storesonline, Inc. et al



Date:  September 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00166
								
									


Price v. Cushman & Wakefield Inc. et al



Date:  September 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv08900
								
									


International Business Machines Corporation v. Dale



Date:  September 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv00951
								
									


In Re: World Trade Center Disaster Site Litigation



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2021mc00100
								
									


Bishop v. Best Buy, Inc. et al



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv08427
								
									


Burns v. Ercole



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv08624
								
									


Baston v. USA



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04344
								
									


Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc. v. Gibson Guitar Corporation, et al



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00295
								
									


Hurley v. Marshall



Date:  September 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv00362
								
									


Schmidt et al v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07059
								
									


Bridge Metal Industries, L.L.C. et al v. The Travelers Indemnity Company



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2010cv05235
								
									


Bavis v. UAL Corporation, et al



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2002cv07154
								
									


Williams v. Department of Corrections



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01515
								
									


Fink v. Time Warner Inc. et al



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv09628
								
									


-GWG Reach Music Publishing, Inc et al v. Warner/Chappell Music, Inc. et al



Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv05580
								
									


Weaver et al v. Millbrook Central School District



Date:  September 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv00692
								
									


1
2
3
Next











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions








 















GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC



Ticker:MIRK
Moody's Org ID:600055997
Market Segment:Corporates
Industry:ENERGY: UNREG - ELECTR PRODUCTION
Peer Group:Unreg Utilities and Unreg Power Companies
Domicile:UNITED STATES




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Peer Group

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 35
Of 
        35


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
Credit Opinion
Issuer Comment
Opinion Update
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
Summary Opinion


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    25 Jul 2017
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC: A merchant power company with three plants in Maryland





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Jul 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms GenOn Mid-Atlantic, LLC's Caa1 rating with negative outlook





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Feb 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    GenOn Energy, Inc.: GenOn Mid-Atlantic’s letter of credit transaction has limited credit implications





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    Announcement
                














                                    Moody's: Carbon reduction policies bring risk, opportunities for global unregulated utilities





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Oct 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's downgrades GenOn Energy to Caa3, Outlook Negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Downgrades GenOn Energy's CFR to Caa2; Outlook Negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2015
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    GenOn Energy, Inc.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Sep 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Revises GenOn's Outlook to Negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Apr 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's downgrades GenOn's corporate family rating to B3 from B2; ratings at most of the other GenOn entities also downgraded by one notch; outlook stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jan 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's places GenOn's Ratings Under Review for Downgrade, NRG's Ratings Unaffected





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 May 2013
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Correction to text, May 01, 2013 Release: Moody's Confirms NRG Energy Ratings and Announces Other Rating Actions for GenOn Energy





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 May 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Confirms NRG Energy Ratings and Announces Other Rating Actions for GenOn Energy





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 May 2013
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Correction to Text, December 14, 2012 Release: Moody's places NRG Energy under review and announces other rating actions for GenOn Energy





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Dec 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's places NRG Energy under review and announces other rating actions for GenOn Energy





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Jul 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's affirms ratings of NRG Energy and GenOn Energy on merger announcement





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Jul 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's downgrades GenOn REMA to B1; affirms GenOn's ratings with a negative outlook





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Jun 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Correction to Text, December 16, 2011 Release: Moody's Revises GenOn Energy's Outlook to Negative and Places GenOn REMA on Review for Downgrade





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Dec 2011
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Revises GenOn Energy's Outlook to Negative and Places GenOn REMA on Review for Downgrade





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Dec 2010
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's announces rating actions for GenOn Energy; merger transaction expected to close imminently





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Apr 2010
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's affirms Mirant and RRI Energy Corporate Family Ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Oct 2009
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms the ratings for Mirant and its subsidiaries; outlook remains stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Dec 2007
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades the ratings for Mirant and its subsidiaries





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Nov 2007
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's places Mirant under review for possible upgrade





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Sep 2006
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes ratings on 15 U.S. power and electric utility companies under LGD rating methodology





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Apr 2006
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS SGL-1 LIQUIDITY RATING TO MIRANT CORP., REFLECTING VERY GOOD LIQUIDITY OVER NEXT 12 MONTHS





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Dec 2005
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS Ba3 RATING TO MIRANT NORTH AMERICA'S PROPOSED $1.5 BILLION SECURED CREDIT FACILITIES, B1 RATING TO ITS PROPOSED $850 MILLION SENIOR UNSECURED BONDS, B1 CORPORATE FAMILY RATING FOR MIRANT CORPORATION; OUTLOOK STABLE





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Aug 2003
                

                    Opinion Update
                













                                    Mirant Mid-Atlantic, LLC





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Jun 2003
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S DOWNGRADES MIRANT CORPORATION (SR. UNSEC. To Ca), MIRANT AMERICAS GENERATION, LLC., MIRANT AMERICAS ENERGY MARKETING, L.P. AND MIRANT MID-ATLANTIC, LLC. RATINGS OUTLOOK IS NEGATIVE.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Mar 2003
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S DOWNGRADES MIRANT CORPORATION (SR. UNSEC. To Caa2), MIRANT AMERICAS GENERATION, LLC., MIRANT AMERICAS ENERGY MARKETING, L.P. AND MIRANT MID-ATLANTIC, LLC. RATINGS OUTLOOK IS NEGATIVE.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Mar 2003
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S PLACES MIRANT CORP.'S DEBT RATINGS (SR. UNSEC. B1) UNDER REVIEW FOR DOWNGRADE





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Oct 2002
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S DOWNGRADES MIRANT CORPORATION (SR. UNSEC. To B1), MIRANT AMERICAS GENERATION, INC., MIRANT AMERICAS ENERGY MARKETING, L.P. AND MIRANT MID-ATLANTIC, LLC. RATINGS OUTLOOK IS NEGATIVE.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    18 Sep 2002
                

                    Summary Opinion
                













                                    Mirant Mid-Atlantic, LLC





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Dec 2001
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S DOWNGRADES MIRANT, MAEM AND MAGI TO Ba1 AND PLACES MIRMA ON REVIEW FOR POSSIBLE DOWNGRADE





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Dec 2000
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Southern Energy Mid-Atlantic, LLC $1.224 Billion Pass Through Trust Certificates due 2028 (Representing Interests in a Pass Through Trust)





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    29 Nov 2000
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS Baa3 RATING TO SOUTHERN ENERGY MID-ATLANTIC, LLC PASS THROUGH CERTIFICATES





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 35
Of 
        35


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































