












GenPower Products - Kohler Generators in Wixom, Michigan












































 












Providing power to our friends and neighbors here in Metro Detroit, throughout Michigan and beyond!









 
Genpower Products
Generator Repair and Maintenance, Residential Generators, Industrial Commercial Generators, Emergency Generators, Mobile Generators - GenPower Michigan's Largest Generator Supplier

Home

Contact Us
Who We Are
Want to Give us Feedback?
Testimonials


Sales

Find A Dealer
Industrial Generators
Residential Generators

Find the Generator that Fits Your Home


Portable Generators
Mobile Generators
Extended Generator Warranty


Rentals

GET A FREE QUOTE


Service

Protect Your Back-up Power Generator
Inspections
Remote Generator Monitoring


Parts
Start Up
Technical

Pipe Sizing Chart
Downloads










 



























INDUSTRIAL / COMMERCIAL

 

RESIDENTIAL


ROUTINE & EMERGENCY SERVICE



RENTAL EQUIPMENT

 

MAINTENANCE & PARTS












DON’T BE LEFT IN THE DARK WHEN THE LIGHTS GO OUT!
GenPower Products, Inc is structured to be the single source provider of all your generator power supply and maintenance needs. We specialize in the sale, service and rental of industrial, commercial and residential generators for any size home or business to protect your family during a power outage and towable generators to provide power in any emergency.
We also offer a complete generator repair, maintenance and service department for all brands with experienced, factory-trained technicians as well as emergency rental generators on a 24/7 basis, including holidays.
GenPower Products, Inc is your one stop source for all your Generator Repair & Maintenance, Generator Parts & Service, Emergency Rental Generators in Michigan, Ohio and beyond, Industrial/Commercial Generators, Residential Generators, Mobile Generators and so much more!









 










 


GenPower Products is your one stop source for all your Generator Repair & Maintenance. Located in Wixom, MI but serving all over Michigan, Ohio and beyond. Whether you want to buy a new generator, need to get your generator repaired, need a rental generator, or would like more information on our residential and/or industrial generators, give us a call (877) 927-9797.


 


©2014 GenPower Products - All Rights Reserved |A Kohler Generator Supply Company: Buy a Generator + Rent a Generator + Generator Repair





Website Design by UnforgettableWebDesigns


























GenSource Inc.































GenSource Inc.









It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can help.


Search for:



 



Search for:



Recent CommentsArchives 

Categories 
No categories 
Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
 






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














GenSource Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:28 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of GenSource Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
GenSource Corporation provides web based claims management and bill review platform. It offers GenCOMP, a software solution for the administration and management of workers’ compensation claims; GenPAC, a property and casualty claims management application that covers general liability, commercial liability, automotive, property damage, bodily injury, and product liability insurances; and GenDISa, a non-occupational disability claims management application. The company also provides GenRISK, a risk analysis and risk management reporting module; GenARS, an imaging archival and retrieval system that provides document management for GenSource’s products; and GenIRIS, an integrated risk informat...
GenSource Corporation provides web based claims management and bill review platform. It offers GenCOMP, a software solution for the administration and management of workers’ compensation claims; GenPAC, a property and casualty claims management application that covers general liability, commercial liability, automotive, property damage, bodily injury, and product liability insurances; and GenDISa, a non-occupational disability claims management application. The company also provides GenRISK, a risk analysis and risk management reporting module; GenARS, an imaging archival and retrieval system that provides document management for GenSource’s products; and GenIRIS, an integrated risk information system that enables claims professionals to adjudicate workers’ compensation, property and casualty, and non-occupational disability claims from a single Windows application or Web portal. In addition, it offers GenRATE.NET, a browser-based permanent disability rating system for workers’ compensation claims for the State of California. GenSource Corporation was formerly known as California Interactive Computing, Inc. and changed its name to GenSource Corporation in October 1997. The company was founded in 1977 and is based in Valencia, California. As of January 6, 2010, GenSource Corporation operates as a subsidiary of P&C Claims, Inc.
Detailed Description


25572 Avenue StanfordValencia, CA 91355United StatesFounded in 1977



Phone: 661-294-1300

Fax: 661-294-1310








Key Executives for GenSource Corporation


GenSource Corporation does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GenSource Corporation, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























GEN-SOURCE INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GEN-SOURCE INC.











Company number P06000055609
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/14/2007
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/18/2006
        

Principal Address
            3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312
            


Mailing Address 3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312
        
Registered Agent

Agent Name SILVER BUILDERS REAL ESTATE CORP (c)
        

Agent Address
                3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312
                






GEN-SOURCE INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/14/2007
            

Description
GEN-SOURCE INC. has been set up 4/18/2006 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The GEN-SOURCE INC. principal adress is 3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312. 
The company`s registered agent is SILVER BUILDERS REAL ESTATE CORP 3109 STIRLING RD #200, FT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33312.  
The company`s management are . The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/14/2007. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GEN SOURCE LLC.
GEN-SOURCE RX
GEN-SOURCE RX
GENSOUTH, INC.
GEN SPA
GEN SPA













	GENSOURCE Trademark of Incomnet, Inc.. Serial Number: 75326232 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
GENSOURCE










 
Get FREE email alerts













GENSOURCE  Trademark Information
 Incomnet, Inc.
insurance-related claims processing




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
insurancerelated   claims   processing    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GENSOURCE trademark by Incomnet, Inc. 
                                in Woodland Hills, , 91364.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GENSOURCE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Incomnet, Inc. of the GENSOURCE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GENSOURCE trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 17, 1997,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GENSOURCE by 
                        Incomnet, Inc., Woodland Hills 91364.
                        The USPTO has given the GENSOURCE 
                        trademark serial  number of  75326232.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for GENSOURCE is 
                        
                        
                                            WALTER G MAXWELL of 
                                            CHRISTIE PARKER & HALE LLP,  PO BOX 7068, PASADENA CA  91109-7068 
                                .
                            The GENSOURCE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GENSOURCE 
                            is insurance-related claims processing. 
                            





Word mark:
 GENSOURCE


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

8/19/1999






  Serial Number:  
75326232


  Filing Date:  
7/17/1997


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
insurance-related claims processing


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/26/1998


Last Applicant/Owner:

Incomnet, Inc.Woodland Hills 91364
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


WALTER G MAXWELL
CHRISTIE PARKER & HALE LLP
PO BOX 7068
PASADENA CA  91109-7068






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GENSOURCE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/19/1999
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



WALTER G MAXWELL


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GENSOURCE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search gensource on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GENSOURCE 




GENSOURCE is providing insurance-related claims processing.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















GENSOURCE INC - COSTA MESA, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



COSTA MESA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            GENSOURCE INC
                                    



 





















G 


GENSOURCE INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2403 NARBONNE WAY COSTA MESA, CA 92627
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $57,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts MALEK KAZAN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Gensource Inc was founded in 2008, and is located at 2403 Narbonne Way in Costa Mesa. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $57,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Gensource Inc in Valencia, CA 91355 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Valencia
» Software Developer Services
» Gensource Inc













Gensource Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





24911 Avenue Stanford Ste 206 Valencia, California 91355


Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Gensource Inc is located at the address 24911 Avenue Stanford in Valencia, California 91355.  Gensource Inc specializes in Safety, National, Business Advertising.  For more information contact Jerry  Buckley, Cto or  go to www.gensourcecorp.comGensource Inc provides Video, Applications, Remote Access to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Gensource Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Gensource Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Printers
, High Speed Internet
, LAN
, Switches
, Routers
, Ethernets
, Applications
, Software
, Fiber Optic
, Accessories



SERVICES


Network Installation
, Applications
, Network Consultations
, Billing Services
, Remote Access
, Broadband
, Video
, Network Support
, Pick Ups
, Internet


 BRANDS


Intel
, Time Warner
, Sprint
, Apple
, Microsoft
, Toshiba
, Philips
, Avaya
, Nortel
, Compaq


 SPECIALTIES


Facilities Management
, Safety
, Business Advertising
, Sales Promotions
, National
, Homepages
, Audio
, Graphic Design
, Disaster Recovery
, Hiring & Recruiting



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Website: www.gensourcecorp.com
CATEGORIES:


Software Developer Services
Computers & Software



People Also Viewed


Transparent Products Inc


26007 Huntington Ln  Valencia, California 91355




Virtupoint, Inc


25135 Anza Dr  Valencia, California 91355





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Jerry  Buckley
CTO
Phone: (661) 294-1300 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









