




SEC Info - Genworth Life & Annuity VA Separate Account 1, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/07 - EX-8.J.I










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Genworth Life & Annuity VA Separate Account 1, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/07 – EX-8.J.IOn:  Monday, 4/23/07, at 5:06pm ET   ·   Effective:  5/1/07   ·   Accession #:  1193125-7-87754   ·   File #s:  333-63531, 811-05343
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/07   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/07   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/26/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/23/07  Genworth Life & Annuity VA Sep..1 485BPOS     5/01/07   18:2.1M                                   RR Donnelley/FA
          → Genworth Life & Annuity VA Separate Account 1 ⇒ Commonwealth Freedom – RetireReadySM Freedom VA
F-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Post-Effective Amendment                             437   2.73M 
 2: EX-4.B.XVIII.C  Instrument Defining the Rights of Security         7     30K 
                          Holders                                                
14: EX-8.AA     Opinion re: Tax Matters                               38    122K 
15: EX-8.BB     Opinion re: Tax Matters                               24     85K 
 3: EX-8.E      Opinion re: Tax Matters                               31    108K 
 4: EX-8.J      Opinion re: Tax Matters                               39    126K 
 5: EX-8.J.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                3     17K 
 6: EX-8.K      Opinion re: Tax Matters                               35     90K 
 7: EX-8.N.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                5     19K 
 8: EX-8.O      Opinion re: Tax Matters                               23     70K 
 9: EX-8.P.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                6     21K 
10: EX-8.Q.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                8     28K 
11: EX-8.S      Opinion re: Tax Matters                               37    121K 
12: EX-8.X.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                5     21K 
13: EX-8.Z.I    Opinion re: Tax Matters                                6     19K 
16: EX-9        Voting Trust Agreement                                 3     16K 
17: EX-10       Material Contract                                      1     10K 
18: EX-14       Code of Ethics                                         2     17K 

D-->EX-8.J.I   —   Opinion re: Tax Matters
P-->EX-8.J.I1st Page of 3TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT  

WHEREAS, Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company (formerly, GE Life and     
Annuity Assurance Company and, before that, The Life Insurance Company of       
Virginia) (the "Company") on behalf of itself and its separate accounts,        
Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust and Goldman, Sachs & Co. entered into a  
Participation Agreement dated May 1, 1998 (the "Agreement");                    

WHEREAS, the Company is now known as Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance        
Company;                                                                        

WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend the Agreement to (i) reflect the Company's   
new name; and (ii) update the Schedules to the Agreement;                       

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained,      
which consideration is full and complete, the parties hereby agree as follows:  

I.  All references in the Agreement to the Company by any name shall be changed 
to Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company; and                     

II. All Schedules to the Agreement are replaced with the Schedules attached     
hereto.                                                                 

The Agreement, as supplemented by this Amendment, is ratified and confirmed     
effective April 13, 2007.                                                       

GENWORTH LIFE AND ANNUITY                                                       
INSURANCE COMPANY,                                                              
on behalf of itself and its separate                                            
accounts                                                                        

By:                                                                             
---------------------------------                                       
Geoffrey S. Stiff                                                       
Senior Vice President                                                   

GOLDMAN SACHS VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST                                          

By:                                                                             
---------------------------------                                       

GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.                                                            

By:                                                                             
---------------------------------                                       

P-->EX-8.J.I2nd Page of 3TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
SCHEDULE 1  

Schedule 1A 
Separate Accounts of the Company Registered Under the 1940 Act as Unit  
Investment Trusts 

The following separate accounts of the Company are subject to the Agreement:    

Date                      
Established by                      
Board of         SEC 1940 Act 
                 Directors of the     Registration       Type of Product
Name of Account           Company            Number        Supported by Account 
---------------      -----------------  -----------------  -------------------- 

Genworth Life &       August 19, 1987       811-05343       Variable Annuity    
Annuity VA                                                                  
Separate Account 1                                                          

Genworth Life &        June 5, 2002         811-21892       Variable Annuity    
Annuity VA                                                                  
Separate Account 2                                                          

Genworth Life &        June 22, 2006        811-21970       Variable Annuity    
Annuity VA                                                                  
Separate Account 3                                                          

Genworth Life &       August 21, 1986       811-04885         Variable Life     
Annuity VL                                                    Insurance     
Separate Account 1                                                          

Schedule 1B 
Variable Annuity Contracts and Variable Life Insurance Contracts Registered 
Under the Securities Act of 1933  

The following Contracts are subject to the Agreement:                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                      1933 Act                          
                                                    Registration    Type of Product     
Name of Contract                                       Number     Supported by Account  
----------------                                    ------------ -----------------------
                                                                                        
Commonwealth Extra Variable Annuity                   333-62695         Variable Annuity
RetireReady Extra Variable Annuity                    333-62695                         
RetireReady Extra II Variable Annuity                 333-62695                         
Commonwealth Freedom Variable Annuity                 333-63531                         
RetireReady Freedom Variable Annuity                  333-63531                         
Commonwealth Variable Annuity                         033-17428                         
Commonwealth Variable Annuity - Mitchell              033-76336                         
Commonwealth Variable Annuity Plus                    033-76334                         
Foundation Variable Annuity                           333-31172                         
RetireReady Choice Variable Annuity                   333-31172                         
Personal Income Design Variable Annuity               333-13457                         
RetireReady Selections Variable Annuity               333-47732                         
RetireReady Bonus Variable Annuity                   333-140575                         
Variable Income Provider Immediate Variable Annuity  333-138258                         

Commonwealth 3 Variable Universal Life Insurance       033-9651  Variable Life Insurance
Commonwealth 4 Variable Universal Life Insurance      333-41031                         
Commonwealth Variable Universal Life Insurance        333-32071                         
Commonwealth VL Flex Variable Life Insurance         333-111208                         
Estate Optimizer Variable Life Insurance              333-82311                         
RetireReady Accumulator Variable Life Insurance       333-72572                         
RetireReady Legacy Variable Life Insurance           333-111213                         
RetireReady Protection Plus Variable Life Insurance   333-40820

C-1 

P-->EX-8.J.ILast Page of 3TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
Schedule 1C 
Trust Classes and Series Available Under the Contracts  

The following Trust Classes and Series are available under the Contracts listed 
in this Schedule 1:                                                             

Goldman Sachs Capital Growth Fund - Service Shares                              
Goldman Sachs Growth and Income Fund                                            
Goldman Sachs Growth and Income Fund - Service Shares                           
Goldman Sachs Mid Cap Value Fund                                                

2 
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other FilingsEffective on:5/1/07485BPOSFiled on:4/23/07485BPOS4/13/071485BPOS5/1/981485BPOS,  497 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-07-087754   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 23:32:52.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Genworth Stops Life, Annuity Sales, May Split - InsuranceNewsNet        Sign in         Top Stories   Top Stories RSS Get our newsletter  Order Prints  Share  February 5, 2016  Top Stories 21 comments Genworth Stops Life, Annuity Sales, May Split By Cyril Tuohy   Genworth will no longer sell life insurance or fixed annuities after March 7.     Genworth Financial, a top long-term-care insurance company, is suspending new sales of life insurance products and fixed annuities to help reverse financial losses.The move will help save the company $50 million in annual expenses, said David O’Leary, president and CEO of Genworth U.S. Life Insurance, in a letter to customers, distributors and partners. The decision is part of a broader reorganization to “increase our financial and strategic flexibility,” he added.Life, annuity and long-term care in-force clients should see no change in their policies or how those policies are serviced, O’Leary said.The company has 2.8 million life and annuity policy and contract holders and beneficiaries, he said. A top-five seller of long-term care products, Genworth said it would “separate and isolate” its long-term care block of business.The past three years have been difficult for the Richmond, Va.-based company as it deals with obligations to millions of long-term care policyholders in a low-interest rate environment.The latest quarterly earnings reports showed the company’s losses narrowing. Fourth-quarter loss was $292 million compared to a loss of $760 million in the year-ago period, the company reported.Adjusted for nonrecurring costs and to account for discontinued operations, losses came to 17 cents per share, missing the average of five analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research by 4 cents.Asked by one analyst during Friday’s quarterly earnings call if the company was open to splitting itself up, President and CEO Thomas McInerney said that would be a possibility.The restructuring of the company’s life insurance business is significant and the company will execute with a sense of urgency, he said. Calling the restructuring “significant,” McInerney said the company was undertaking the move with “a sense of urgency.”Products No Longer SoldEffective March 7, Genworth will no longer accept applications for its Asset Builder Index Universal Life II, Foundation Builder Index Universal Life, Colony Term, Total Living Coverage, the company said in a bulletin.Other products that will no longer be sold include the single-premium deferred annuities Secure Living Independence, Secure Living Liberty, Secure Living Smart Rate, Secure Living Smart Rate Saver, Secure Living Advantage Pro and Secure Living America Plus.On the fixed index annuity side, the company announced Secure Living Index 5, Secure Living Index 7, Secure Living Index 10 Plus, Secure Living Growth + with Income Choice Rider, Secure Living Protection Plus and Secure Living Growth Advantage with Income Security Rider would no longer be sold.In addition, the single-premium immediate annuities Secure Living Income Provider and Secure Living Income Provider NY will no longer be sold, the company said.The changes are effective for all states except Arkansas, South Dakota and Texas, the company said.Producers’ renewal compensation on in-force business will not be affected by the changes, the company added.Due to ratings issues, and suspension of sales on the part of distributors, the company’s sale of traditional life and fixed annuity products would simply “not recover,” Genworth executives said.The company’s U.S. life insurance segment, which include life, fixed annuities and long-term care, reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $135 million. That is much improved from the $482 million loss the segment reported in the year-ago period, the company said.Higher claim counts and higher severity were partly to blame, the company said.Legacy LTC Policies Isolated While the company’s asset sales over the past two years have helped it exceed capital ratios required of regulators, Genworth said it was nevertheless “isolating” its long-term care legacy block of business. That line continues to “pressure ratings across the organization,” the company said.Discussions with U.S. regulators convinced senior company managers that Genworth has an important role to play in the long-term care business, McInerney said.Regulators in many states have authorized price increases that the company is asking for on in-force long-term care policies, he explained.With only about a dozen companies selling long-term care in the U.S., and with Genworth a consistent top-five long-term care player, the company has a much better chance of doing well in the segment, McInerney said.By contrast, there are thousands of life and annuity carriers in the U.S. and Genworth doesn’t break the top 20 in terms of U.S. individual annuity sales, according to LIMRA data.The market for long-term care is growing, so it makes sense for Genworth to build on its market-leader position, particularly if private long-term care can help alleviate publically funded long-term care costs borne by Medicaid, executives said.“Our society is aging and the need for caregiving is increasing, and we believe this market opportunity provides significant potential for profitable growth,” O’Leary said in his letter to customers, distributors and partners.Under the restructuring plan, the company will operate through five business segments.The segments include U.S. Mortgage Insurance; Canada Mortgage Insurance; Australia Mortgage Insurance; U.S. Life Insurance (which includes long-term care, life insurance and fixed annuities), and Runoff (which includes products no longer sold).InsuranceNewsNet Senior Writer Cyril Tuohy has covered the financial services industry for more than 15 years. Cyril may be reached at cyril.tuohy@innfeedback.com.© Entire contents copyright 2016 by InsuranceNewsNet.com Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reprinted without the expressed written consent from InsuranceNewsNet.com. [jetpack-related-posts] 21 thoughts on “Genworth Stops Life, Annuity Sales, May Split”  The self-perpetuating power of the ratings agencies strikes again.Step 1: Ratings agency downgrades carrier Step 2: Distributors respond, “I would never sell a company with this rating!” Step 3: Sales slump, allowing agencies to say, “See? We predicted this.”Reply   Spot on, Steve!Reply   I don’t think soReply   Yes insurance is hard enough to sell on good ratings, and prices There was one client I closed. It took me three months just for an appointment.Reply   Agreed.  Not that Genworth has ever been a good sign for managment of an insurance company.  Remember, Genworth is the result of GE Capital buying out a bunch of insurance companies, then spinning it off.   I think Amex was the first, but not sure.  I know when Genworth got a hold of Continental Life in Brentwood (an independent company prior to that buyout), things went downhill fast from a “doing business with the company” point of view; thankfully, Aetna purchased the company from Genworth, and  things have improved quite a bit.  The companies now part of the Genworth family were once solid, VERY SOLID, carriers, only to be messed up by Genworth management style.  Life of Virginia and First Colony are examples of once great life companies that have lost their identities and their mojo.   I do understand wanting to buy a profitable insurance company, but I don’t understand buying it and then changing everything about how it is managed (if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it); the people running the company obviously knew the magic formula to make it all work — the last thing needed is a bunch of MBA’s who never worked the business to come in and start changing things.   To the defense of the rating agencies, multiple-year losses and the the selling off of assets to keep the regulators at bay isn’t the best of circumstances.Reply   Exactly right Sir!I received a letter from SELECTQUOTE that states they do not offer products less than A- rating and GENWORTH was down graded to B++ .You are spot on!Reply   Long term care is the culprit.  It’s a product filled with risk for both Genworth and the policyholder.  No guaranteed rate structure for either Genworth or the policyholder.  Poor claims experience historically and rate increases for the clients.Reply   This seems to be an argument aimed more at “long term care” as an insurable risk than at Genworth as a company. Ironically, Genworth is taking the opposite position, and throwing their weight BEHIND long term care as the profitable path forward.Reply   Long term care. Short term care. I’m starting to  wonder if some employees of this insurance company really did care. Or even know what the word meant.Reply   What struck me as odd is the notion that life insurance isn’t profitable.  Thousands of companies, big and little,  that only sell life insurance and annuities, all making a profit.  Seems to me that the life insurance division would have been providing a profit base to weather the downturns of the long-term care business.  As we all know, when you jack up the rates on a health policy, most of those who cancel are the healthy ones, thus creating a worse pool than before the rate increase, which means another rate increase will be necessary . . . the things that snowballs are made of.Reply   There has been a long and tangled history with this company first known as First Colony.  Some years ago they tried to “securitize” through the use of derivatives, the very essence of our business, responsible risk taking.  As they say in the fall on Sunday, upon further review, the truly curious will find that to be the symptom, the reaction as well as the culprit.Reply   I first wrote business and formed a general agency selling (FCL) First Colony Life in 1979.  They were known for having the smartest people and for consistently-competitive policies at least for years with GNW – bought other companies like FCL – were at the cutting edge of technology, also was quite exciting; now those like myself with ‘blocks of business ‘ and it’s surprisingly archaic!Reply   I am an almost 70 yo policy holder. Just got a notice from Genworth, they are raising our premium $500 per year and expect it to go up again in future. Ours is a good policy with inflation protection yet I’m worried they will go out of business before I get to use it. We have paid in over $25,000 in premiums so far for the last 10 years. We can downsize the policy and pay the same, or get a paid up policy for the premiums paid in or pay the new rate and keep it as is. Any ideas of what to do/Reply   You may not know this, but you have more options than the carrier will often tell you about in your rate increase notice.  You can reduce your years of care and/or reduce your daily benefit and/or reduce your inflation protection percentage to adjust your premium. You could also increase your deductible (called the “elimination period” in your LTC policy. Call your agent and ask him or her to get all of the options that would make sense for you to consider.  The multi-year low-interest rate environment is the primary factor (insufficient investment return on your premiums to pay expected claims), but also more policyholders are surviving their cancers, heart disease, strokes and diabetes.  That means they live to an older age than initially expected, and live long enough to need long-term care-not a funeral. Finally policyholders are keeping their policies, not dropping them, in greater numbers than the lapse rate expected by their actuaries when these policies were first written.  It all adds up to rate increases-just like traditional health insurance policies.-Steven Pelly, CLTC, Bay Financial and Insurance Services, Kensington, CA.Reply   Wow, I just became aware of this.  I am a 55 year old policy holder and I wouldn’t say I’m scared, but I’m certainly concerned as to whether I will ever be able to use the benefits if I ever ultimately needed them (my original reason for seeking LTC while it was still available in Ohio).  Everything you say about policyholders surviving  cancers, heart disease, strokes, and diabetes makes all kinds of sense (and I know any number of people who have survived such illnesses).Reply   Dead on!  Great advice.Reply   Genworth has recently stopped making my  annuity payment.  What do I do next?Reply   I am a term life policy holder who received a letter from SelectQuote about Genworth’s downgrade, which included the information that China Oceanwide Holdings was buying Genworth. Any insights as to how that will affect my coverage?Reply   We have a Genworth long term life insurance policy connected to a trust at Wells Fargo. Because of the ratings with Genworth, the bank wants us to change to another policy which would cost aprx. $100,000? The question is, is this change worth $100,000 and is Genworth viable enough with the Chinese purchase to pay out at the time of death?Reply   I have an agent who is selling me a Genworth LTC policy. Now I am wondering if I should run from it.Reply   How does an individual who has had great health and wants to know the path this company in going to take or if this company is evengoing to be able to stay in business.  What protections are there for the person who has been paying these premiums for years.  what is your agent s no longer there and is retired, who do you talk to and who stands behind this and where can I get info on my policy.  Everything I read above is very scary about the peop;e running the business and making the decisions.  Will any of this change with the new President in with regards to any of his policy changes with regulations?  I just have a phlethora of questions and need both answers and reassurance.  Now there is a real dilemma, an insurance co who is to be watching out for you maybe not  even being there when neeeded.Reply Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website   OlderHedging Losses Hammer MetLife; Lincoln, Principal Also DownNewerLincoln CEO: No Immediate Split-off PlansAdvisor NewsMore Plan Sponsors Offering Roth Contributions In 401(k) PlansNationwide Offers Care Concierge ServiceThe Hartford Reduces Pension Liabilities By $1.6BHow Netflix, Amazon and Millennials Impact Insurance Sales OnlineAdvisors Should Pay Cautious Heed to Emerging MarketsMore Advisor NewsAnnuity NewsInsurers Report Minor Issues From DOL RuleIMOs Have Tricky Path To Sales Under DOL RulesRise in Shorter-Term Surrender FIAs Means Commission DeclinesSurvey: A Tough Year for Insurance and AnnuitiesSurrender Charges’ Great Disappearing ActMore Annuity NewsHealth/Employee BenefitsColonial Life Report Encourages Bigger View Of Employee BenefitsSenate Repeal Bill Leaves Insurers Feeling BadSix Insurers To Sell ACA Coverage In Florida In 2018Counties At Risk of Having No Insurer On Marketplace In 2018Molina Healthcare To Enter Mississippi Medicaid Managed Care MarketMore Health/Employee BenefitsLife InsuranceHow Children With Diabetes Can Be Approved For Life InsuranceInsurers Report Minor Issues From DOL RuleFinancial Trade Groups Race to Tap Lucrative Asian MarketsAllianz To Sell Insurance In China37% Of Adults Skip Life Insurance, Study Says Sponsor  More Life Insurance      INN TV – Now Playing View our latest episode now.  Ignite! Podcast#7: Becoming indispensable, with Harvey Mackay#6: Engaging hyperdrive, with Brendon Burchard#5: Chet Holmes on building the ‘ultimate sales machine’#4: John Maxwell on LeadershipFree e-Newsletters Sign up for our FREE e-NewslettersGet breaking news, exclusive stories, and money-making insights delivered straight into your inbox. select Newsletter Options   Most Popular House OKs Bill That Could Kill Fiduciary Rule Defining ‘Reasonable Comp’ Under the DOL Rule Ohio National Launches Innovative Roll Up Feature Here’s Your Guide to ‘Reasonable’ Comp Under DOL Rule Female Breadwinners in Need of Financial Advice  Featured Offers  Press ReleasesAll press releasesWorld Financial Group Recognizes Top Teams Helping FamiliesWorld Financial Group Recognizes Top Teams Helping FamiliesWorld Financial Group Recognizes Top Teams Helping FamiliesWorld Financial Group Recognizes Top Teams Helping FamiliesWorld Financial Group Recognizes Top Teams Helping Families Add your Press Release >   Sign in with your INNsider Account Username  Password  Remember Me  Not registered? Become an INNsider.AdBlocker DetectedWe have detected that you are using an adblocker. The revenue we earn by advertisements allows us to publish quality content on InsuranceNewsNet.com.If you wish to enjoy our content, please disable your adblocker and click the button below.We hope you choose to whitelist our website and enjoy the content our team works hard to publish. 