

	GEOCOMMAND Trademark of GEOCOMMAND, INC.. Serial Number: 78663510 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
GEOCOMMAND










 
Get FREE email alerts













GEOCOMMAND  Trademark Information
 GEOCOMMAND, INC.
Mobile mapping computer programs for emergency and crisis management and emergency response




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
mobile   mapping   programs   emergency   crisis   management   emergency   response    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GEOCOMMAND trademark by GEOCOMMAND, INC. 
                                in BOCA RATON, FL, 33431.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GEOCOMMAND trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner GEOCOMMAND, INC. of the GEOCOMMAND trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GEOCOMMAND trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 05, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GEOCOMMAND by 
                        GEOCOMMAND, INC., BOCA RATON, FL  33431.
                        The USPTO has given the GEOCOMMAND 
                        trademark serial  number of  78663510.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for GEOCOMMAND is 
                        
                        
                                            Mark Terry of 
                                            Mark Terry P.A.,  801 Brickell Av., Suite 900, Miami FL 33131 
                                .
                            The GEOCOMMAND trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GEOCOMMAND 
                            is Mobile mapping computer programs for emergency and crisis management and emergency response. 
                            





Word mark:
 GEOCOMMAND


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

5/13/2017



  Serial Number:  
78663510


  Filing Date:  
7/5/2005


 Registration Number:  
3144834 


 Registration Date:  
9/19/2006


 Goods and Services: 
Mobile mapping computer programs for emergency and crisis management and emergency response


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/27/2006


Last Applicant/Owner:

GEOCOMMAND, INC.BOCA RATON, FL  33431
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Mark Terry
Mark Terry P.A.
801 Brickell Av., Suite 900
Miami FL 33131






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
7/24/2003


First Use In Commerce: 
7/24/2003





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GEOCOMMAND trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/13/2017
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Mark Terry


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GEOCOMMAND trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search geocommand on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GEOCOMMAND 




GEOCOMMAND is providing Mobile mapping computer programs for emergency and crisis management and emergency response.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
























GEOcommand - Developing graphical situational awareness tools to meet every need

















"If you’re interested in saving lives, saving property, fighting terrorism... I strongly recommend GEOcommand as an investment opportunity."
Alan Jacobs - Investment Professional
I'M INTERESTED
VISIT OUR WEBSITE








About The Product
GEOcommand allows a customer to create, maintain, and import any of their disparate data sources that relates to their critical infrastructure or town in an intuitive Geographic Information (GIS) based map display.

GEOcommand “V” is the synthesis of multiple levels of situational awareness into an extensible framework for those responsible to fully realize their emergency planning and facility/asset management goals. This is the “game changer” in information sharing between the owners of critical building infrastructures and their local and mutual aid responders.









The GEOcommand Product Line










Complete Solution
The framework allows customers to fully realize their emergency planning and facility/asset management goals



Used Actively
Products currently deployed in schools, fire and police departments, and homeland security centers in several states



Used Everywhere
Applicable to towns, cities, states, federal governments, and commercial businesses of any size



Global Opportunity
The market for spatially enabled situational awareness is global and unlimited









About The Company
GEOcommand, Inc. is an information technology company specializing in homeland security tools and software solutions that disrupt the status quo for commercial enterprises, government agencies and first responders.

We offer a comprehensive suite of situational awareness and data sharing products designed to help assure the safety and security of people and places.









We are happy to provide:







Executive Summary



Business Overview




Projections & Expenses




Term Sheet




Subscription Agreement




Questions & Answers







I'M INTERESTED


  




For more information
Contact Albert Koenigsberg
albiek@geocommand.com
561-347-9215
561-926-3083

VISIT OUR WEBSITE









×
Contact Us






Name  
Email address  
Phone Number  
I am an accredited investor 


What information would you like to receive? 
Executive Summary 
Business Overview 
Projections & Expenses 
Term Sheet 
Subscription Agreement 
Questions & Answers 





Where did you hear about GEOcommand? 
I’m interested in investing










GEOCommand, Inc. Announces Purchase of Bizcom U.S.A., Inc. d/b/a








































































News»

GIS News

GIS Weekly

GIS Magazine

Corporate Newsletters

Newsgroups

Submit News


Events»

GIS Events

Submit New Event

Purchase Webinar Listing


Tutorials

Jobs

Catalog»

Company Directory

Product Catalog

Submit


Videos»

GIS Videos

Submit New Video

Submit New YouTube Video


Downloads»

Technical Papers

Articles

Case Studies

GIS Presentations

More Categories

Submit New Download


Resources»

Universities

Government


Blogs

Forums

Books

Advertise»

GIS Media Kit

Banner Ad Specifications

eMail Blast Specifications

Inquire









Home
News
Events
Tutorials
Jobs
Catalog
Videos
Downloads
Resources
Blogs
Forums
Books
Advertise







GEOCommand, Inc. Announces Purchase of Bizcom U.S.A., Inc. d/b/a CX2 Technologies Wireless Data Equipment for a Demonstration Pilot Program

  |  | Rate | Review | More GIS News









Tweet













Rate This Article



 5 Stars 
 4 Stars 
 3 Stars 
 2 Stars 
 1 Star 














    BOCA RATON, Fla., Aug. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- GEOCommand, Inc. ("GEOCommand" or the "Company") announces purchase of wireless data communications equipment from Bizcom U.S.A., Inc. d/b/a CX2 Technologies ("Bizcom/CX2"). The purchase consists of Bizcom/CX2 digital base station technology and mobile data modems with GIS capability.  The technology operates in the 220-222 MHz frequency band.

    The Company intends to integrate its marquee product, GEOCommand(TM) first responder software, with the Bizcom/CX2 wireless data communications system. The Company further intends to demonstrate the benefits of such integration in a pilot program in Miami, Florida. The planned deployment will take certain sensor data, i.e.: weather, biohazard, etc. from field installations, and transmit the data through the Bizcom/CX2 wireless data delivery system to add near real-time information to the GEOCommand software installed in first responder vehicles. Data transmission will also include Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) information pertaining to the response vehicles thus facilitating a coordinated incident response capability.
    GEOCommand President and CEO Albert Koenigsberg stated: "The 109th Congress has set the stage for a mutually beneficial relationship between GEOCommand and Bizcom/CX2.  Bill S1725, meant to assure emergency and interoperable communications for first responders provides for 'funding and conducting pilot programs, as necessary, in order to ... evaluate and validate new technology concepts in real-world environments to achieve emergency communications capabilities and public safety communications interoperability ... ' We believe that GEOCommand(TM) as a stand alone, in-vehicle product, or closely integrated with wireless data communication technologies, speaks directly to the congressional demand for improved first response capabilities and greater safety for responders."
    Hank Klein, President and CEO of Bizcom/CX2, added "We are pleased to begin this relationship with GEOCommand.  We have long believed that the 220- 222 MHz frequency band offers significant cost and operational advantages for properly targeted Homeland Security and Public Safety applications. The efficiencies of our wireless technologies combined with the targeted functionality of the GEOCommand(TM) software can become a powerful tool for the first responder community."
    About GEOCommand, Inc.
    GEOCommand, Inc. is a geographic information system (GIS) development company that designs, markets and sells high level solutions of its GEOCommand(TM) software product. GEOCommand(TM) is an in-vehicle, mobile mapping solution designed specifically for fire, police, airports, utility companies, nuclear facilities, and bridge and tunnel authorities. The Company is also in the process of designing various solutions for oil and gas, local, state and regional government agencies.
    About Bizcom U.S.A., Inc. d/b/a CX2 Technologies, a Florida corporation.
    We provide spectrum efficient data communication networks and equipment, with applications suitable for Industrial/Commercial, Critical Infrastructure, Public Safety, and Homeland Security markets.  For additional information visit our web site at 
http://www.cx2tech.com .
    Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Except for historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this news release are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements set forth above involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any such statement, including the risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in the company's press releases, and public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Web site:  
http://www.cx2tech.com/ 





Rating: Reviews:




 October   09, 2008Reviewed by 'disappointed'datted sept, but nothing was current it was all aug news-old news!  Was this review helpful to you? 


&nbsp (Report this review as inappropriate)



For more discussions, follow this link 











Featured Video










Jeff Young, Manager of Global Business Development
LizardTech












Brant Howard, CEO
CompassCom












Patrick Quigley, VP & GM North America
Nearmap












Chris Ahern, Marketing Manager
DOTProduct LLC












Scott Mahrle, Development Manager, SMART Quality Lead
Hexagon












Arjaan Buijk, Tech Business Dev Manager
Hexagon












Dustin Sutton, President
3-GIS












John Allan, VP Sales & Marketing
GeoSLAM






 Submit | More Videos 


Sponsored Videos








Jay Liebowitz, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer
Princeton Lightwave













Ryan Reed, Dir, Marketing and Communications
uAvionix













Ted Evans, Vice President of Sales North America
Airbus Defence & Space





 Submit | More Videos 



GIS Corporate Newsletter




Harris Developments Newsletter - Summer 2017

Trimble Geospatial Newsletter June 2017
More Newsletters 




Important Notices




Map Smarter with MapSmart on Android
More Notices 



Jobs


Estimator / Bidder for Rulon International at Saint Augustine, FL

Submit Resume | 
Post Jobs | 
More Jobs 


Upcoming Events
Expedition Hackathon at 5540 N. Lamar Blvd Austin TX - Jul 29 - 30, 2017
2017 National Geospatial Preparedness Summit at University of Alabama Tuscaloosa - Aug 7 - 9, 2017
The Free and Open Source Software For Geospatial (FOSS4G 2017) conference at  Boston MA - Aug 14 - 19, 2017
Call for Participation: 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD 2017) at  Washington, D.C. area VA - Aug 21 - 23, 2017

Submit | More Events 































































  



	© 2017 Internet Business Systems, Inc.
	595 Millich Dr., Suite 216, Campbell, CA 95008
	+1 (408)-337-6870 — Contact Us, or visit our other sites:








 
Privacy Policy














Geocommand Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























geocommand inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Geocommand, Inc. was founded in 1999. The company's line of business includes designing, developing, and producing prepackaged computer software.




Corporate Information
Address:

3700 Airport Rd Ste 410
Boca Raton, FL 33431
United States


Phone:
1-561-347-9215


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.geocommand.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











GEOCOMMAND, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GEOCOMMAND, INC.











Company number P99000028420
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 650933204
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/28/2014
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/28/1999
        

Principal Address
            3700 AIRPORT ROAD, 410, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
            


Mailing Address 3700 AIRPORT ROAD, 410, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
        
GEOCOMMAND, INC. Principals

Director, President
                Koenigsberg Albert
                 


Address
                3700 AIRPORT ROAD, STE 410, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 



Director
                Corso Glenn
                 


Address
                3700 AIRPORT ROAD, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 



Director
                Evans Eric P
                 


Address
                3700 AIRPORT ROAD, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                 







Last Annual Reports

2015 4/14/2015
            

2015 4/14/2015
            

2014 4/21/2014
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name KOENIGSBERG         ALBERT (p)
        

Agent Address
                3700 AIRPORT ROAD, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431
                

GEOCOMMAND, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 10/1/2004
            


2 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 7/14/2006
            


3 NAME CHANGE         AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 8/7/2006
            


4 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/14/2007
            


5 CANCEL ADM DISS/REV
            

filedDate 10/5/2007
            


6 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 11/3/2008
            


7 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 9/11/2012
            


8 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 9/28/2014
            


9 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 5/18/2016
            

Description
GEOCOMMAND, INC. has been set up 3/28/1999 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The GEOCOMMAND, INC. principal adress is 3700 AIRPORT ROAD, 410, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3700 AIRPORT ROAD, 410, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431. 
The company`s registered agent is KOENIGSBERG         ALBERT 3700 AIRPORT ROAD, BOCA RATON, FL, 33431.  
The company`s management are Director, President - Koenigsberg Albert, Director - Corso Glenn, Director - Evans Eric P. The last significant event in the company history is AMENDMENT which is dated by 5/18/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/14/2015.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GEOCOMM
GEO-COMM, INC.
GEOCOMM INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
GEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
GEOCOMMUNITY LLC
GEO & COMPANY, LLC













Geocommand, Inc.                                                                                                         - Boca Raton                                        , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Boca Raton



Prepackaged Software



Prepackaged Software



                            Geocommand, Inc.
                                    



 





















G 


Geocommand, Inc.                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3700 AIRPORT RD STE 410 BOCA RATON, FL 33431
Get Directions



(561) 347-9215
www.geocommand.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $596,599.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Prepackaged Software
 Contacts Albert Koenigsberg                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1999, Geocommand, Inc.                                                                                                         has been providing Prepackaged Software from Boca Raton. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Welcome to Geocommand |   Contact



















































 




















 


















 


Call Us to Schedule a Demo!


 888–766-1766

 










 


























 









Contact

 



3700 Airport Road, Suite 410
Boca Raton, FL 33431
(561) 347-9215
info@geocommand.com

 









 Your Name (required)
 
 Your Email (required)
 
 Subject
 
 Your Message
 





 
 

 
 



























Welcome to Geocommand |   Products






















































 




















 


















 


Call Us to Schedule a Demo!


 888–766-1766

 










 


























 





 





 

 





 



GEOcommand CityAware is a one of a kind collaborative software system that can be used by multiple agencies and jurisdictions plan & coordinate emergency and disaster response, management and mitigation.

 



GEOcommand CityAware, and related tools create seamless interoperability and timely distribution of information across disparate systems and platforms. We’ve created the tools that address the communication, collaboration and organizational challenges faced by responders during large-scale emergency events.

 



Whether a user is focused on a specific building and critical assets therein or looking broadly at a whole region of mutual response locations, the backbone of each aspect of operations is the GIS and the data displayed within.

 








From a Citywide Perspective to a Single Building – Protect the Safety & Security of Specific Infrastructures

 





GEOcommand CityAware Delivers
					  










A detailed operating picture of your city for use in pre-planning and training thus ensuring the best response to an emergency.
Real-Time Mapping – track dynamic assets that are constantly changing location such as vehicles, aircraft, and vessels or stationary assets such as weather and environmental monitoring sensors. In addition, it provides real-time situational awareness for coordinated field activities.
Real-Time Data Filtering – detect and focus on the most important events, locations, and thresholds for your operations without interruption.
Perform real-time analytics on streams of data to identify patterns of interest important to your organization.
Real-Time Alerts for Better Response and Decision Making – when on-scene situation changes, pre-defined patterns or events are detected, our system can automatically sent across multiple channels such as e-mails, texts, and instant messages to key emergency response personnel.


 



The Comprehensive Community Solution – Ensures First Responder Access
GEOcommand makes your critical information readily available to local Fire and Police Departments, giving them access to important response information related to your community.

 




Minimize Property Damage
Shared Mutual Aid Information
Fast Response
Enhanced situational Awareness
Effective Collaboration Support


 



GEOcommand CityAware multi-layer geographic information platform can serve as the common situational awareness tool for all community services, including fire, police, public works, local utility companies, community planners, and tax assessors.

 



Download our CityAware Case study

 



Find out what GEOcommand system can do for you. Contact us to schedule a Demo ->

 

 





 



The GEOcommand SiteAware allows for a “location-first” approach to connecting multiple disparate data sources and business systems into one location-specific situational awareness interface for viewing critical assets and infrastructure.

 










Easily Collect and Maintain Your Data
					  









Get everything you need to create, edit, organize, maintain, and share your situational awareness data—hardware, software, building inspection and pre-planning tools.

 




Catalog, and save your facility information right onto the floor plan
Live sketching tools can help communicate response scenarios and training plans
Collaborative interface allows first responders to collaborate, pool resources, and plot strategies.
Real-time equipment and personnel tracking within your facility
Real-time Location Specific Alerts – incident location is identified and automatically and simultaneously send alerts to key personnel


 





From a Single Building to a Campus Complex
Integrates with GEOcommand CityAware to expand from a single location to a complex of buildings or campus. Multiple building plans tied together with regional context for more comprehensive facilities management and emergency planning.

 



GEOcommand’s SiteAware is used daily in concert with your facility management processes to efficiently run your company while also providing critical and valuable response information to your local first responder agencies.

 



Whether you are a single property owner or a large corporation that maintains facilities throughout the world, GEOcommand SiteAware allows you to streamline your operational and maintenance records, improves efficiency, ensures safety protocols and improves your bottom line.

 



Download our SiteAware Case study

 



Find out what GEOcommand system can do for you. Contact us to schedule a Demo ->

 






 
 

 
 



























Welcome to Geocommand |   Oleg
















































 




















 


















 


Call Us to Schedule a Demo!


 888–766-1766

 










 


























 










Author:Oleg




















Where Municipalities Should Start on Smart Cities



Posted on
	September 15, 2016
	in Uncategorizedby Oleg




“Smart city.” By now, every governor, mayor and councilperson across the country has heard the phrase.

But those two words encompass a myriad of connected technologies that can improve city life and municipal efficiency. In 2016, the capabilities encompassed in the term “smart city” have grown...Read More 














What are the feds doing for smart cities? More than you might think



Posted on
	September 15, 2016
	in Uncategorizedby Oleg





Cities are scrambling to find the dollars and expertise required to support expanded or new services to meet the needs of growing populations, and sometimes potential resources can be overlooked. If your city needs help with financing and technology solutions, the U.S. Department of Transportation...Read More 






 
 

 
 



























Welcome to Geocommand |   News















































 




















 


















 


Call Us to Schedule a Demo!


 888–766-1766

 










 


























 




















Where Municipalities Should Start on Smart Cities



Posted on
	September 15, 2016
	in Uncategorizedby Oleg




“Smart city.” By now, every governor, mayor and councilperson across the country has heard the phrase.

But those two words encompass a myriad of connected technologies that can improve city life and municipal efficiency. In 2016, the capabilities encompassed in the term “smart city” have grown...Read More 














What are the feds doing for smart cities? More than you might think



Posted on
	September 15, 2016
	in Uncategorizedby Oleg





Cities are scrambling to find the dollars and expertise required to support expanded or new services to meet the needs of growing populations, and sometimes potential resources can be overlooked. If your city needs help with financing and technology solutions, the U.S. Department of Transportation...Read More 














Saddle Brook Completes Project SAFEguard Program



Posted on
	August 10, 2016
	in Uncategorizedby admin




Demonstrating that it is fully committed to ensuring the safety of its children, Tutor Time of Saddle Brook, New Jersey (www.tutortimesaddlebrook.com) recently became the first organization in the State of New Jersey to institute a Project SAFEguard Program (http://www.project-safeguard.org/). Project SAFEguard is an innovative program of the Applied Science...Read More 















 
 

 
 



























Welcome to Geocommand | 

























































 




















 


















 


Call Us to Schedule a Demo!


 888–766-1766

 










 


























 





 






 




 




 




  

 



Geocommand Inc. is a leader in site-specific Geographical Information Systems (GIS) design. We are pioneering in the delivery of in-building GIS information. GEOcommand’s system does not just stop at the curb. It provides a detailed and dynamic in-building GIS information that is critical in safe, efficient, and organized incident response. That makes GEOcommand truly unique. None of our competitors deliver both high-level and site-specific in-building GIS information.

 










Close
 






 














 



Have one common operating picture before, during, and after an incident. A graphical situational awareness interface for viewing critical assets and infrastructure.

 



The GEOcommand Difference 
					  










Neighboring communities can share critical data easily, making mutual aid response truly seamless
Customizable based on community/user needs
Scalable data—view one building, one neighborhood, or whole counties


 



Get everything you need to create, edit, organize, maintain, and share your situational awareness data—updated hardware, GEOcommand software, building inspection and pre-planning tools—backed by our world-class installation and support services.

 



FOCUS YOUR EFFORTS >> 

  






 








 



GEOcommand’s GIS Cloud based platform provides a flexible platform for our customers to fully realize their emergency planning and incident management goals

 



The GEOcommand Difference
					  










Customized relevant layers (hydrants, water mains, gas lines, abandoned buildings, disabled residents… the possibilities are endless)
Locate the closest hydrants to a location
Vehicle tracking
Weather data overlay
Live geo-enabled data feeds


 



GEOcommand’s software platform, and related tools provide perfect interoperability and can function as the “heart and soul” of many safe and smart city initiatives.

 



IMPROVE YOUR PLANNING >>  

  






 

 






GEOcommand’s GIS software system, and related tools provide perfect interoperability and can function as the “heart and soul” of many Safe and Smart City initiatives.- Albert Koenigsberg, President & Chief Operating OfficerThe GEOcommand System provides perfect interoperability. We have something here that every agency could share the same data we had.- Peter Lamb, Retired Fire Chief 






 










Our location-specific platform provides interactive, easy to use tools to improve situational awareness, emergency response times and as a consequence to improve safety and security.

  



GEOcommand improves response capabilities
					  










Set evacuation zones based on the particular emergency
Identify high-risk locations within an incident area viewed in real-time.
Live weather overlays and geo-enabled data feed such as traffic lights, can be added.
Any location in the county can be designated as a critical site and detailed information is available by simply clicking that location on the map.
Occupant information, fire suppression systems, emergency response and evacuation plans, inspection reports can all be attached to the location on the floor plan<


 
 



PROTECT YOUR COMMUNITY >>

  

 










REACH OUT NOW!

 






 






 



GEOcommand is a one of a kind system that can be used by all branches of local, state and federal governments to protect the inhabitants of any type of critical building from schools, hospitals and nursing homes, ports, movie theatres, sport venues or anywhere that people frequent. The recovery efforts in any emergency are made easier when interagency cooperation is developed by using geographical information and critical data.

 



GEOcommand streamlines recovery efforts
					  










Have one common operating picture before, during, and after an incident.
Emergency response & recovery efforts are greatly improved by centralizing interagency geographical information and critical location data
A dynamic, interactive, integrated emergency management system
Updates, enhances, and expands customary emergency management plans and procedures
Can be deployed in government, public, and private institutions and is readily available to first responders


 



Our goal is to partner with local governments, public, and private institutions to bring together disparate sources of critical real time geographic information to create a centralized, robust and easy to use critical information and response system.

 



RETURN TO NORMAL >> 

  

 








Saddle Brook Completes Project SAFEguard ProgramDemonstrating that it is fully committed to ensuring the safety of its children, Tutor Time of Sadd...by adminLEARN MOREWhat are the feds doing for smart cities? More than you might thinkCities are scrambling to find the dollars and expertise required to support expanded or new services...by OlegLEARN MOREWhere Municipalities Should Start on Smart Cities“Smart city.” By now, every governor, mayor and councilperson across the country has heard the p...by OlegLEARN MORE



 


 
 

 
 
























