

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other



















 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Georgia Pastures I LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Georgia Pastures I LLC  Funding details


Georgia Pastures I LLC Industry: AgricultureCIK Number: 0001691287IRS Number: 814135369Address: 1266 EAST MAIN STREET, #4D  STAMFORD 06902Phone number: (917) 453-0550



Latest news
Georgia Pastures I LLC raised $900,000 from 5 investors on 2017-06-27.



Georgia Pastures I LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-06-27Amended Form D$1,400,000$900,000$500,000$50,000506b[SEC Filing]2017-06-08New Form D$1,400,000$850,000$550,000$100,000406b[SEC Filing]2016-12-02New Form D$3,000,000$925,000$2,075,000$125,000406b[SEC Filing]
Georgia Pastures I LLC raised $1,825,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Georgia Pastures I LLC
Key People in Georgia Pastures I LLC:

David Nicola
Similar companiesGeorgia AHI Fund 1 LLC, GEORGIA TAX EXEMPT BOND FUND L P 1, Georgia Tax Credit Opportunity Fund I, LLC, Georgia Commerce Bancshares, Inc., Georgia Proton Treatment Center, LLC, Georgia Film Fund Five, LLC, Georgia AHI 2012 Fund A, LLC, Georgia AHI 2012 Fund B, LLC, Georgia Proton Treatment Holdings, LLC, Georgia Real Estate Investment Partners I, LLC., Georgia AHI 2013 Fund B, LLC, Georgia Tax Credit Opportunity Fund 3, LLC








Last visited companies: Marlowe Partners Onshore Fund LP, Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P., Lomont Investment LLC, Stack-It Storage, Inc., Credit Suisse Merger Arbitrage Liquid Index Fund, Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















CB Pastures, LLC, 17050689 | Georgia-register.com














































CB Pastures, LLC
158 Shady Oaks Lane, Comer, GA, 30629, USA


















 
+
0
-



CB Pastures, LLC is an entity registered at Georgia with company number 17050689. Company is incorporated on10th May 2017. Current status of the company is Active/Compliance. The company's registered agent is Troy A Pater, 158 Shady Oaks Lane, Oglethorpe, Comer, GA, 30629, USA
Company information


Company name
CB Pastures, LLC


Address
158 Shady Oaks Lane, Comer, GA, 30629, USA


Status
Active/Compliance


Company number
17050689


Company type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Home state
Georgia


NAICS Code
Any legal purpose


Incorporation Date
10th May 2017



					Registered Agent
					
					
					
				


Name
Troy A Pater


Address
158 Shady Oaks Lane, Oglethorpe, Comer, GA, 30629, USA








All data on website has informational character only and are taken from publicly available sources.
Related companies

CB PERSONAL SERVICES LLC
CB PHARMACY, INC.
CB PLUMBING, LLC
CB Pope Holdings, LLC
CB Pope Holdings, LLC
CB Pope Mountaintop, LLC
CB Pope Sea Island, LLC
CB PORTFOLIO LANDLORD, LLC
CB PRODUCTIONS, INC.
CB PROFESSIONAL SECURITY SERVICES LLC


CB PARTNERS, LLC
CB PARTNERS 1, LLC
CB Owner, LLC
CB Outparcels, LLC
CB Operating Company GA, LLC 
CB OAKDALE, LLC
CB NORTH AMERICA INC.
CB MONITORING  INC.
CB MERRELL PROPERTIES, LLC
CB MERGER SUB, INC.

Similar company number

SERRANO PLUMBING, INC
Mink Me Lashes, LLC
Whitmer Investments, LLC
All In One Construction And Consulting Services Inc.
BP Braselton LLC
ALL PRODUCTS & SERVICES, LLC
Tre-8 Properties, LLC
Sky Shop, LLC
MTB Investments, LLC
Sirius Lawn Care LLC


D&L Express  LLC
Southeastern Investment Properties, LLC
THE SAVANNAH HOCKEY CLUB, LLC
2 Colors LLC 
Designs By Ruth, LLC
CityWorth Properties, LLC
Aminfarid Corporation
Severin Wood Designs LLC
VBI Management, LLC
KinderTime,Inc.
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











BREMEN PASTURES, LLC - BREMEN, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



BREMEN



Public Golf Courses



Public Golf Courses



                            BREMEN PASTURES, LLC
                                    



 





















B 


BREMEN PASTURES, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



400 MURPHY INDUS BLVD BREMEN, GA 30110
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated GA
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Public Golf Courses
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Bremen Pastures, Llc was founded in 2004. The company is located in Bremen and incorporated in Georgia. Bremen Pastures, Llc specializes in Public Golf Courses. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Eat Wild - Georgia
















  
       Getting Wild Nutrition from Modern Food


 









Home






Shop
              for 
          Local Grassfed Meat,
    Eggs & Dairy
 

Shop
              the Eatwild 
			  Store for  
              Books
              & Kitchen
              Tools





Notes & News





Grass-Fed 
      Basics




Fruits & Vegetables





Food Safety





Healthier Animals 





Environmental
        Benefits




Benefits
      for Farmers 





Health Benefits





Links





Meet
    Jo Robinson





How to Donate





Scientific References




Contact









          
        

            
        









Find
                our favorite books on food & farming in the Eatwild
                Store.



 


 


 


Pastured Products Directory - Georgia 






 
   View
                LARGER MAP




 
 
Find a farm near you on
            our Georgia
              Eatwild Map, or browse the alphabetical list below. 
          
Visit Eatwild's Georgia Beyond
            the Farm page to find grass-fed products in markets, restaurants
            and stores. 



Share
|








The following farms and ranches have certified
            that they meet Eatwild's
            criteria for producing grassfed meat, eggs and dairy products.
            Eatwild itself does not raise or sell any meat or dairy products,
            so you will want to contact these farmers directly
            for additional information or to buy their products:

4Mile Farm - See below.

Ancient
  Paths Farm  is  dedicated to raising clean nutrient-dense foods and farm products that are  healthy for our community and safe for our environment. Currently we raise  pastured  poultry,  pastured  eggs,  and  have  raw milk  available.
  We milk Jersey cows and the  heritage breed American Milking Devon. Our cows are rotationally grazed. They  receive a very small amount of Non-GMO, Non-Soy feed at milking time.
  Our chickens are moved daily onto  fresh green pasture and away from yesterdays droppings and are allowed to eat  all the bugs and grass they want. Our birds eat a local Non-GMO, Non-Soy feed.
  We also make and sell all-natural  hand-crafted soaps.
  Currently we deliver to: Atlanta,  Athens, Johns Creek, and Canton/Woodstock.
  Please visit our website to stay  updated and contact us for more details. We'd love to hear from you.
Ancient Paths Farm, Collin Davis, Martin, GA. (770) 842-8689.
          E-mail: ancientpathsfarm@gmail.com. Website: http://www.ancientpathsfarm.com/

Appalachian Cattle Company LLC is  located in Blairsville, Georgia. Through selective breeding (i.e. embryo transplants, AI, and  natural 
          service), we have spent the better  part of seven years developing a herd of registered polled Herefords          and low line black Angus beef cattle that  excel on grass. 
          App Cat does not  supplement their beef with any hormones or antibiotics. 
          Our cattle are pastured on the  lush grass of the North Georgia Mountains and supplemented with          fescue hay that is harvested at  the highest protein level and stored inside until time to feed to our herd.
Please contact Steve or Dave with  any questions about our operations or availability 
          of our grassfed beef  products. 
Appalacian Cattle Company, LLC., Steve Bennett, Dave Christensen, 181 Notla Vista II, Blairsville GA 30512. (706) 781-4958 or (706) 897-0619.
          E-mail: stevenb01@windstream.net.  

Be  Fruitful Farm is a small family farm with a vision of closing the gap  between the producer and consumer, thereby guaranteeing a quality  and transparency that large corporations can’t provide.  
          We are growing premium grass fed beef, pastured poultry and organic produce for our family, and making it available to others who  want quality food for their table.  
          Our beef is exclusively grass fed;  we do not use antibiotics, hormones, or animal by products.
Our chickens are raised in portable  shelters that are moved daily to fresh pasture. This ensures fresh forage and  sanitary, disease-free living conditions. They are allowed to grow at a natural  rate without hormones or artificial lighting. The pasture and bugs provide up  to 15% of their diet, which is why these birds have such exceptional flavor. We make our  own feed from local non-GMO grains so that we can guarantee its freshness and  quality.
Please visit our website or contact  us for more information and product availability.
Be Fruitful Farm, Paul Davis, 840 Abercrombie Circle, Royston, GA 30662. (662) 617-1679. 
          E-mail: befruitfulfarm@gmail.com. Website: http://www.befruitfulfarm.com. 
           

Bluestem Acres Farm is located in Aiken, SC and specializes in pastured pork and 100% grass-fed beef. 
 Cows are ruminants, intelligently and creatively designed to eat  grass to sustain life. Our grass-fed beef is raised on grass  alone from birth to finish in order to produce the best and healthiest product  for you, the consumer. 
 Our pastured pork is supplemented with non-GMO  feed throughout their lives in order to  produce a healthy product for you, the consumer. The pigs are on pasture or  forest all their lives (they also clean up brambles and ponds). They  thrive in this setting, it being their natural environment. 
 If you would like to visit the farm, feel free to contact me.
Bluestem Acres Farm, Marcus Hostetler, 1539 Reynolds Pond Road, Aiken SC 29805. (803) 507-3118.
          E-mail: bluestemacresfarm@gmail.com. Website: http://www.bluestemacresfarm.com.


Carolina Grassfed Beef & Free-Range Eggs, a division of  Double M Farm, Inc., produces delicious all-natural grassfed, grass-finished beef, free-range pastured brown eggs, pastured pork and pastured poultry.

We use no hormones, antibiotics, pesticides, herbicides, or  de-wormers on our cattle, chickens and pigs. 

Beef, pork and poultry are processed in a USDA inspected  facility, vacuum-sealed, flash frozen, and sold in our farm store. 

BEEF: We start with a superior line of heritage breed Trask Polled  Hereford. We knew Mr. Trask personally and have had Trask cattle on the farm  since 1950. We choose animals that show phenotypic traits for finishing  exceptionally well on grass based on information gained through years of  studying the teachings of Gearld Fry and the late Charles Walters. 
We rotationally graze our cattle, and use only small amounts  of fertilizers approved for organic farming. We mix our own minerals with sea  salt as the base. We feed no grain, grain by-products, or animal by-products to  our cattle. Beef is dry-aged for four weeks and sold by the cut, half, and  whole carcass. We have a waiting list for half and whole beef.

CHICKEN & EGGS: Our chickens free-range 500 acres and do  what chickens do: scratch the ground, eat bugs, grass, and the soy-free feed we  mill ourselves. We do not use commercial layer feed or animal by-products. We  sell whole chickens, livers, feet, and brown eggs by the dozen and the flat (2  1/2 dozen).

PORK: Our pastured pigs spend their days doing what pigs do:  rooting, wallowing, and eating weeds, roots and the soy-free feed we mill for  them.  Our heritage breeds include full  and crossbred Berkshire, Duroc, and Hereford for exceptionally delicious pork.  We sell pork by the cut.

We are located in the beautiful foothills of Anderson, SC,  13 miles from the Georgia State Line. Our family has owned and operated Double  M Farm, Inc. since 1847 and produced the finest Grassfed Beef since 2004.

Carolina Grassfed Beef and Free-Range Eggs, Mac & Robin  McGee, John & Kalyna McGee, 3456
        Highway 187 South, Anderson SC 29626. For Beef and Eggs call Mac @ 864-844-1621. For Pork  and Poultry call John @ 864-844-1505. 
        E-mail: robinmcgee16@gmail.com.  Website: www.carolinagrassfedbeef.com.

Copperhead Homestead –        It is my passion to raise and sell food the way my grandparents  (and great-grandparents!) did. Raising trustworthy food without chemicals,  medications, or factory farming techniques. Healthy, pastured beef cattle and hand-planted heirloom produce, never coated with pesticides or herbicides.
 My dream  is to bring back the golden days of farming: when farmers could feed their food  to their own children, when neighbors could trust their local farmers to  provide safe and responsible nutrition. I believe the only way to ensure the  safety and sustainability of your food is to form a relationship with your  local farmer; I want to be that farmer for you. If I am not, I would still like  to help you find someone to fill your family’s needs. 
My cows enjoy free range  over more than 200 acres. To ensure their diet remains healthy and lush, they  are moved seasonally around the farm, always having access to fresh grass. I  don’t need to preach about the benefits of grass fed cattle; you know their  guts aren’t designed for corn, sugar, or other dietary additives they are  often given for rapid weight and fat gain. This has never, and will never, happen  on Copperhead. Each and every cow I sell has been raised from birth on my farm.  This ensures that the cow was never given antibiotics or hormones early in  life, and that the cow was not fattened with corn. This also allows me to  control the genetics of my cattle population. Our cows have never received  medication of any kind, and are exclusively pastured on grass and well water. 
We  offer several packages and  free delivery on large orders to almost all of  Georgia and North Florida!
Copperhead Homestead, 
Andrea Story, 
        Reinhardt  Road, Ashburn, GA 31714. (678) 637-7001.
E-mail: Andrea@CopperheadHomestead.com. 
Website: http://www.CopperheadHomestead.com

Country Gardens Farm & Nursery  is a
          family owned farm that has been in our family for 3 generations. We
          raise grass fed beef, pork and pastured poultry. 
All of our animals are raised on pasture all the
        time. The beef is never fed grain, antibiotics or hormones and the poultry
        has access to pasture all day. Our beef, pork and eggs are
        sold at our retail nursery located on the farm along with plants and produce in
        season. 
The beef and pork is butchered under government inspection
        and sold by the pound frozen. We have several cuts of steaks, roast and
        ground beef.
Country Gardens Farm & Nursery, Mike and Judy
        Cunningham, 2050 HWY 154 Newnan,  GA 30265. (770) 251-2673. 
        E-mail: mikec@countrygardensfarm.com.
        Website: http://www.countrygardensfarm.com. 

Deep Roots Meat, LLC, is  located in Madison County, Florida, and is owned and operated by the Platt  Family. We are proud to bring you all grass (forage) fed nutrient dense beef from our family farm to your dinner plate in individual USDA inspected packages  and custom harvest by the half or whole animal. 
Our Angus cattle are  bred, born, and raised on our Family Ranch. Our cattle are not fed any grain,  antibiotics or animal by-products and are not fed or given any growth hormones.  They are only fed high quality grasses and forages.
 Natural fertilizers are  used on our fields such as fish emulsion and sea weed. Our cattle are rotationally grazed and  we use low-stress handling techniques with them. These practices have been found to  assure the healthiest beef you can eat. We are delighted to say that you can  eat our Ground Beef without ANY seasonings…not even salt or pepper! 
We have the following  cuts of beef for sale: Ground Beef, New York Strips, Ribeyes, Sirloins,  Tenderloins, Chuck Eye Steak, Flat Iron Steak, Flank Steak, Skirt Steak,  Butcher Steak, Short Ribs, Cube Steak, Round Steak, Stew Meat, Brisket, Chuck  Roasts, Rump Roasts, London Broil, Soup Bones, Marrow Bones, Knuckle Bones,  Heart, Liver, Kidney, Tongue, Ox Tail, Regular Fat, and Kidney Fat. 
Our  specialty products include Beef Bacon, Beef Bacon Ends, Summer Sausage, Old  Fashion Bologna in Sandwich Sized & Sliced and Ring Sized, Breakfast  Sausage Links in Mild or Hot, and Fresh Beef “Patty” Sausage.    
Custom harvest of half or  a whole animal is available by pre-order only. Please contact us for more details.  
Visit our website for  information about where to purchase our products or call  to  schedule an appointment for pickup from our farm in Greenville.
Deep Roots Meat, LLC,  The Platt Family, Troy & Tracey Platt, 11061
        W US 90, Greenville, FL 32331.        (850) 948-6202  (Farm). 
        E-mail: deeprootsmeat@yahoo.com. Website: http://www.deeprootsmeat.com

Welcome to DeLoach Cattle Co LLC. We are a first  generation beef cattle operation located in Valdosta GA. Our operation is  located in two counties and we entered into the cattle business  as a hobby to bring our family outdoors. 
We operate an angus-based cow-calf operation under Animal Welfare Approved (AWA) guidelines, which includes no added  hormones, antibiotics or steroids. We practice rotational grazing on the  highest quality forages. We offer forage-finished ground beef as well as other cuts. Our animals are processed in a USDA- and AWA-inspected facility.
We can be contacted by phone or email. 
 DeLoach Cattle Co. LLC, Jason DeLoach, Valdosta GA 31602. (229) 251-8336.
E-mail: jason@deloachcattleco.com.


Dennis Farms is located in east central Alabama 7  miles from the Georgia state line. We grow lush, nutritious grass in our  pastures using management intensive grazing principles to insure our animals  are eating the grass at its best while improving our soils. We raise Red Angus  cattle, Katahdin hair sheep and Tamworth heritage pigs to harvest our grass. At  the appropriate stage of maturity, we harvest our animals to produce nutritious  and delicious grass-fed beef, grass-fed lamb and pastured pork.
        We raise our cows, sheep and pigs in a natural pastoral  environment never giving growth-promoting antibiotics, hormones, or steroids.  We believe that contented animals produce a superior product, so we strive for  a low stress environment emphasizing the humane treatment of our livestock. We  follow a strict grass-fed protocol with our cows and sheep, never feeding  grain, animal byproducts or feed supplements. 
Our pigs graze in the pasture along with the  cows and sheep so that forage makes up a substantial part of their  diet. In addition to the forage, the pigs get a daily serving of whey and  a small measured grain ration put out by hand. With the emphasis on  forage and whey, the pork we produce is tastier, leaner and healthier than pork  from pigs raised on a heavy grain diet.  We do not have farrowing huts or  crates. 
        Please take some time and explore our web site to better know us  and our farm. You can also follow us on Facebook. We are proud of the  effort we make to provide our customers a quality product that tastes good and  is good for them. 
Dennis Farms' grass-fed beef is currently offered as our whole  cow “Primeburger.” We take the meat from the entire cow (never  cheating and pulling out the best cuts) and thoroughly mix  it together before grinding to create a ground beef product with a  taste and texture that’s like eating steak in a patty.  "Primeburger" comes in approximately 1-pound packs. 
Our Tamworth whole hog sausage also consists  of the meat from the entire hog and is completely mixed prior to  grinding. We also offer a variety of cuts and unseasoned ground  pork.  As supply permits, we have roasting pigs, sides and whole hogs  available as well. 
Our grass-fed lamb is available in the late fall of the year and  is generally sold as a whole lamb.  Our lamb has the lighter, more  delicate taste that comes from hair sheep.  All of our animals are  humanely processed in a USDA inspected facility.
        Dennis Farms, Greg or Janie Dennis, 1582  County Road 852, Ranburne AL 36273. Greg Dennis: (770) 862-7379;  Janie Dennis: (770) 862-2531. 
        E-mail: greg@dennis-farms.com; janie@dennis-farms.com.  Website: http://www.dennis-farms.com.









Double AJ Farms is a family owned cattle
          operation specializing only in naturally finished grassfed beef. Our goal is to provide
        the health conscious customer with beef produced and finished naturally
        on grass without the use of hormones, growth stimulants, grain, or
        antibiotics. Double AJ Farms is certified as a grassfed producer by
        the American Grassfed Association and is Animal Welfare Approved in
        the humane handling of our beef cattle. 
Double AJ Farms can deliver
        on-the-hoof to a preferred processor or deliver processed beef to your
        home or restaurant within a reasonable distance of the farm. Pricing
        quoted on an individual basis pending commercial or private treaty
        sales.
Double AJ Farms, LLC. Steve and Caroline Peskoe,
        623 Peach Farm Road, Davisboro, GA 31018 (478) 232-1479.
        E-mail: speskoe120@aol.com. Website: http://www.doubleaj.com

Ecoexist, LLC is  a farm started with health and the environment in mind. Located in Winder, GA  we are raising grass fed heritage pork. The hogs are a cross of an Idaho  Pasture and Gloucestershire which creates a wonderfully delicious product. We  offer free delivery within 50 miles. 
Our main priority is that the food we  create is a healthy product—just the way nature intended. By prioritizing the  health and well being of the hogs, we guarantee the lowest negative impact on the  environment. We do this by feeding the pigs sprouted fodder in addition to  their forging in healthy pastures, never giving them hormones or low dose  preventive antibiotics. We are equipped to remove and treat any animal from the  pasture if it shows signs of illness.
 Hogs are our first adventure in farming  and are providing an income that is allowing us to do more research in  sustainability. A majority of pork sold in stores today is shipped overseas and  then shipped back as processed pork for consumption in the United States. Why  are we loading animals on trucks and boats to be shipped to other countries for  processing when it could all be done right here? This would save our precious  fossil fuels and decrease carbon emissions while ensuring the best quality  product for our loved ones. 

        Please visit our website and like us on Facebook to  see what we are up to. This is just the beginning of our adventures and we are dedicated  to helping humanity achieve food independence beginning here at home. In  addition to the pigs, we are beginning a large scale aquaponics system to  provide clean, healthy fish and vegetables year round. Together we can change  food miles to food feet and obtain total food security starting with Georgia.
Ecoexist, LLC, 
        Shaun Krupp, 
        329 Royal  Oaks Drive, Winder GA 30680. 
        (269) 277-9221. 
E-mail: Skrupp1981@yahoo.com. 
Website: www.Ecoexistmovement.com

Ellis Farm is located  in Madison County, Florida. We are 2 miles from exit 251 (CR-14) off I-10. We  service Tallahassee, Jacksonville, Gainesville, Valdosta, and all towns in  between. We  deliver to designated drop points in each city and town we serve.
 Our goal  is to always be “A Cut  Above” for our family of customers. The beef and lamb we sell  to our family of customers is the beef and lamb we eat.

100% fed and finished on grass and forage.
Never given antibiotics or hormones.
No pesticides or herbicides are used. We use natural       fertilizers on our fields.
Humanely treated and harvested, local USDA-inspected       harvest facility.
Perfectly dry-aged for up to 14 days, small-batch,       craft processing.

Please go  to our website to see what beef and lambs we have available, current prices,  how and where to purchase our products. We custom harvest whole lambs only and  beef steers are custom harvested in quarters, halves, and whole animals.  
       Please  review the taste test on various breeds of cattle posted on our  website.  
       Our South Poll and Angus/Wagyu cross  cattle and Katahdin  Sheep are bred, born, and raised on our Family Ranch and are  allowed to live a low stress natural lifestyle, making for better tasting beef.  
       We also  sell registered high quality breed stock for South Poll, Angus/Wagyu cattle and  Katahdin sheep.  
       Please  visit our website to schedule a farm visit, a delivery, or make an appointment  for pickup at our farm in Madison. We also ship by FedEx, normally Next Day  Delivery. We invite you to call us and schedule a visit. Thank you for  considering us to provide your beef and lamb needs for your family. 
      Ellis Farm, Chris or Jeanne Ellis, 1241 SW County Road 360, Madison, Florida 32340. 
        (850) 464-0424.
        E-mail : cattleandsheep@ellisfarm.org. 
        Website: http://ellisfarm.org


Florida
        Fresh Beef Company, located in North Central Florida
        (about 130 miles south of the Georgia border), produces
        100% gourmet grass fed, organically raised, Aberdeen Angus beef from
        free-range cattle that are raised on 850 acres of lush shaded pasture
        in Citra, Florida. They feast on a salad bar of pesticide-free "gourmet" forage
        including clover, wheat, oat and rye grass. 
The cattle are then harvested not more than 40 miles
        away at a USDA inspected facility. Once processed, the carcasses are
        hung in an air ventilated refrigerated locker for up to 28 days for our "old
        school" dry-aging process. This process naturally tenderizes the
        meat and enhances its taste. The beef is then cut into gourmet roasts,
        steaks and Angus Burger—a local Ocala favorite. Each cut of
        beef, whether roast or steak, is individually packed in a vacuum bag
        and air sealed for freshness. Beef is available by the individual cut,
        various Variety Packs (saving $$$), or by the whole, half, quarter or
        eighth beef. 
Florida Fresh Beef Company, established in 2008,
        is proud to be one of the first companies in almost 20 years to
        produce fresh local meat available to the public under USDA inspection.
        Our relationships with various like-minded grass-fed cattle ranchers
        throughout the state have allowed us to develop a consistent supply
        of healthy, delicious, local Florida beef available in bulk or individual
        cuts throughout the year.
Florida Fresh Beef Company ships throughout the state
        of Florida, Georgia, the Bahamas and US Virgin Islands, as well as the
        continental USA. A South Florida supply outlet is currently in development
        for the distribution of both regular and Glatt Kosher beef. We
        have also sucessfully developed a share program for CSA’s and Buying
        Clubs. We can divide a carcass into 8 or 16 equal shares to make it affordable
        for families to get the benefit of buying the bulk beef in smaller quantities
        while still saving. We do the shipping!
Visit our website for information on how to order
        and to locate farmers markets where you can buy our beef. 
Florida Fresh Beef Company/Florida Glatt Kosher Meats,
        Jan Costa, 13770
        S Highway 475, Ocala FL 34491. (352) 566-8586. 
        E-mail: info@floridafreshbeef.com.
        Website: http://www.floridafreshbeef.com. 


4Mile Farm offers delicious all-natural grassfed beef and lamb. We have 60  hilly acres located in Ball Ground, GA. Our love of cooking healthy and  delicious food led us to start raising our own grassfed beef and lamb. We  are not a large operation and only keep as many animals as our pastures can  sustain. Since we do not feed grain, we have to ensure that we don't overgraze  our pastures.
Our  methods are simple. Water and grass. No hormones to grow bigger  animals, no antibiotics to keep them healthy. Because our animals live as  nature intended: they are healthy, happy and easy to care for.
Our cattle and sheep spend a vast majority of  their time out on pasture. In the winter, if it's cold and rainy, we will  bring the animals into the barn to stay warm and dry. Being in Georgia,  that is usually only a few days out of the year.
We offer USDA inspected grassfed beef and lamb  by the cut.  We sell at local farmer's markets—please contact us for updates—as well as to 61 Main, a  wonderful nearby farm-to-table restaurant. We are located about an hour north of Atlanta and delivery is  available.
Our goal is to produce the highest quality meat  for our friends and family while respecting the animals that nourish us.  We have received great reviews from our customers. But probably our  biggest critic is our 6-year-old daughter who will eat an entire cheeseburger  in a blink of an eye and often comes back for seconds and thirds on pot roast.
4Mile Farm, Allison and Michael Bryant, Ball Ground, GA. (678) 469-3647. 
        E-mail: ally@busydog.com. Website: http://www.grassfedisbetter.com. 


Full Circle Farm is a family-owned and operated farm producing nutrient dense foods  the old fashioned way with a modern twist. Our foods have no chemicals of any  kind including no hormones or anti-life (biotics). We go way beyond the federal  governments organic standards. We offer Non-GMO eggs/chicken, 100% grass fed beef, forest-fed pork (Joel Salatin style), raw dairy products (milk,  yogurt, kefir, cottage cheese, etc.).        
      We deliver to Gainesville, Ocala,  Tampa, Brandon and Bradenton, Jacksonville, High Springs, Brooksville,  Clearwater, St. Pete, Tallahassee, Orlando and South Florida (up to  Jupiter and down to the Florida Keys). 
Visit our website for a full product  list and to find a delivery location near you. We also offer educational seminars at the farm or at your  location and farm consulting to help you get started farming. We love visitors;  contact us at fullcirclerealfoods@gmail.com and we will set an  appointment to give you a farm tour.
 Full Circle Farm, Dennis or Alicia, 20997
        174th Street, Live Oak FL 32060. (386) 776-2770.
        E-mail: fullcirclerealfoods@gmail.com. Website:www.fullcirclerealfoodscom

Gan Eden Farms raises all-natural, non-GMO fed, no-antibiotic, pasture raised chickens and goats, and all-natural non-GMO herbs and hot peppers. 
At this time we offer  whole chickens, ghost pepper jams, and herb infused organic raw apple cider  vinegar. We will be offering goats beginning October 2017. The goats eat free-choice  natural browse (grass, weeds, leaves, tree bark, wild berries, etc.).
Gan Eden  Farms, 
        Amy or Gary Koen, 12073 193rd  Road, Live Oak FL 32060.
        (386) 776-1111.
        E-mail: info@ganedenfarms.com. 
        Website: www.ganedenfarms.com


Goose Pond Farm has been producing and marketing
        pasture-raised chickens,
          turkeys, eggs, beef, lamb and pork for the
        past 15 years. All our animals are raised on pasture, are healthy, and
        thus, are free of antibiotics, growth hormones, and medications. 
 If you're the kind of person who takes comfort
        in the thought that the meat you eat once belonged to an animal that
        led a free and happy life, you should feel quite smug about eating
        meats produced on our farm. While roaming over some of the most
        beautiful land in the country, our privileged animals get lots of cleansing sunshine,
        lush green grass, and fresh country air. It’s the quintessential
        free range, just like you would imagine it in your dreams.
 Our farm
        is made up of beautiful grassland and forest where we produce meats
        that puts the natural system to work. We are offering what more and
        more of you are dreaming of these days: high-quality, delicious tasting
        meats free of growth-promoting hormones and antibiotics, produced in
        a way that is humane and friendly to both earth and animals.
All meats
        are harvested seasonally to ensure the highest quality. Please visit
        our website for pricing and availability. We do not ship.
 Goose Pond Farm, Charles and Laura Ritch, 298 Goose Pond Road, Hartselle
        AL  35640. (256) 751-0987. 
        Website: http://www.RaisedOnPasture.com

Grass  Fed Cattle Company, owned by Steve and Ginger Wyatt and 
        Josh  and Callie Wyatt, is located on 80 acres located in the West Georgia areas of  Newnan and Woodbury. Our  love of cooking healthy and delicious food led us to start raising our own  grassfed beef.
We  are not a large operation and only keep as many animals as our pastures will  sustain. Since  we do not feed grain, we have to ensure that we don't over graze our pastures.
        Our methods  are simple. Water and grass. No hormones to grow bigger animals, 
        no massive  antibiotics, or steroids. Because our animals live as nature intended, 
        they are  healthy and easy to care for.
Please contact us for purchases. We sell whole, halves, and by the cut. From time to tie we have local grown pork—same standard and quality as our beef. Meat can be picked up at our farm in Woodbury, or at a pickup location in  Newnan. 
Grass Fed Cattle Company, Josh Wyatt, Steve Wyatt, 10578 Whitehouse Parkway, Woodbury GA 30293. (706) 594-7638. 
        E-mail: swyatt@west-ga.com. Website: http://grassfedcattle.us. 

Hidden Acres Natural Farm is located in
          Murrayville, Georgia, a small town at the foothills of the North Georgia
          Mountains. It is a certified naturally grown farm that practices sustainable
          stewardship of the land and animals that live there. The goal of Hidden
          Acres is to offer Georgia's Finest Lamb to our community. 
Our sheep are raised humanely on open pasture, free
        from hormones or antibiotics. They live peacefully and are allowed to
        graze and grow at their own rate. Lambs become available to the consumer
        when they reach 90 pounds. There is no grain finishing or any other practices
        associated with factory farming. We wish to remain a small farm to ensure
        the integrity and quality of our animals. 
Our lamb is available on a limited basis. Arrangements
        for farm pick up or overnight shipping is available. 
Hidden Acres Natural Farm, Vickey Russell, 5855
          Tony Peck Road, Murrayville GA 30564. (404) 909-9291. 
        E-mail: vickey@hiddenacresnaturalfarm.com.
        Website: http://www.hiddenacresnaturalfarm.com. 


Hunter Cattle Co. is a family
          owned and managed ranch located off Hwy 80 between Savannah and Statesboro,
          GA. We believe in the health benefits of Grass-fed Beef. We are committed
          to providing the healthiest, best tasting beef for your dinner
          plate. 
We raise and finish our cattle only on grass, providing
        beef that is high in antioxidants, vitamins, and good Omega-3’s.
        Our cows never receive antibiotics, steroids, hormones, or feeds that
        are unnatural to ruminant animals. 
We raise our beef using rotational grazing practices
        that utilize natural methods to optimize the health of the pastures.
        Our animals are treated humanely, never being subjected to the feed lot. 
Our beef is offered by the quarter, half, or  whole
        cow. Depending on the season, we also sell pastured poultry and eggs.  
 Del and Debra Ferguson, along with our children
        and five grandsons invite you to get to know us. We welcome you to call
        for an appointment to view our farm and find out why we call this "God's
        Country.”
Hunter Cattle Company, Del and Debra Ferguson, 430 Driggers
          Road, Brooklet GA 30415. (912) 823-2333. 
        E-mail: grassfed@huntercattle.com.
        Website: http://www.huntercattle.com. 

Indian Creek Angus         sells certified
        all-natural grass-fed beef to the local Northeast Georgia market. We
        sell by the side, quarter and eighth of beef. 
We have been raising cattle
        naturally for 15 years. Customers come to the farm to pick up beef and
        see the green pastures where the cattle have grazed. We use no antibiotics,
        growth hormones, or other additives to our beef. The cows do not feed
        on grain, and they receive local organic hay in the winter. 
Please check
        our website for prices and more information. 
Indian Creek Angus, Dennis Barron, 1515
          Highway 198, Carnesville GA 30521. (706) 384-ANGUS (2648). 
        E-mail: dennis@indiancreekangus.com.
        Website: http://www.indiancreekangus.com.
 

KBH FARMS, LLC offers a frozen, grass-fed ground
            beef product in 1-pound or 2-pound packages. Available year-round,
            please contact us by telephone or e-mail. We also sell to health
            food stores and markets in Tallahassee, FL and surrounding areas. 
Our cattle graze on open pasture, only. To insure
        the sweetest and freshest grass at all times, we practice rotational
        grazing in a stress-free environment. No grain is ever given to supplement
        the diet. No feed antibiotics, growth hormones, or steroids are used
        at any time. 
Our cattle are processed for sale at a federally
        inspected plant. No additives or preservatives are added to the product.
        It is 100% pure ground beef with a high percentage of CLA (conjugated
        linoleic acid) and Omega 3 fatty acids produced by nature.
KBH FARMS, LLC, Bryant and Kathryn Harvard, 9039
        US Highway 19 South, Thomasville
        GA  31792. (229) 226-1357. 
        E-mail: harvardb@bellsouth.net.

Koinonia  Farm is an intentional Christian community founded in 1942 just outside  Americus, GA. Today’s focus is feeding the hungry, both spiritually and  physically. Koinonia continues to offer fresh pecans and other baked goods  world-wide through its mail-order business, offers spiritually formative  internships for those interested in exploring intentional community and social  justice values, and is a leading example of regenerative farming using Permaculture  methods.
Situated on 575 acres in Sumter  County, we raise 100% grass-fed beef and pastured pork, sold locally by the  cut, and pastured eggs, sold locally by the dozen. We do not deliver. We are  committed to regenerative agricultural practices based on the belief that we  are to be stewards of God’s creation. No antibiotics, growth hormones,  pesticides, de-wormers, or synthetic fertilizers are used in raising our  animals. 
We use rotational grazing to  ensure optimum health for our animals and the land on which they graze. This  also means delicious, nutrient-dense meat and eggs. Our naturalized Pineywoods  cattle eat only forage, supplemented with kelp meal for trace minerals. Our  Mulefoot and Tamworth “heritage hogs” and our mixed flock of laying hens range  freely, supplemented with grain. Our meat animals are slaughtered and processed  at a state-inspected, humane facility, within an hour-drive from the farm. 
Koinonia Farm also sells seasonal, naturally-grown  vegetables as well as pecans, baked goods and books through our on-site welcome  center. Koinonia continues the experiment in Christian living,  striving to be a demonstration plot for the Kingdom of God.  Visitors are welcome year round, often coming for retreats or to help out  around the farm.
Koinonia Farm, Sarah Prendergast, 1324 Georgia Hwy 49 South, Americus GA 31719. (229) 924-0391.
        E-mail: info@koinoniapartners.org. Website: http://www.koinoniapartners.org. 

Here at M&M farm we  are raising grass-fed beef, pastured sheep, pigs, and chickens. 
Our grass-fed  jersey steers are 100% pasture-raised and grass-fed and finished. Our lambs are pasture-raised and grass-fed. The pigs are pasture/woodland raised and  supplemented with local feed. The chickens are a meaty breed that average 4–6 pounds  at harvest. They are raised on pasture in movable pens and fed local  feed. 
 We do not use antibiotics or added hormones in our animals. We treat our animals humanely and strive to raise them in a good environment.  We welcome visitors, just call if you would like to come by and see us. Call for availability and pricing. 
M&M Farm, Barbara and Janet Mooney, 2655
            Georgia Hwy 305, Midville GA  30441. (478) 589-7645. 
            E-mail: bjmcdm1979@yahoo.com.

Marview Farms proudly provides  organically raised, grassfed and finished beef, lamb, and goat, as well as  woodlot, pastured pork, pastured, NON-GMO chicken and eggs, raw pet food, raw cow’s milk and honey. We are  American Grassfed Association approved and Animal Welfare Approved. 









Through a tried and true method of rotational  grazing to raise our herd, Marview Farms is a hormone-free and antibiotic-less  farm. Our animals are raised free-range, without immune system altering  vaccinations, or harmful steroids and insecticides. By nurturing our animals on  grass alone, they are able to ingest Mother Nature’s intended nutrients.
 For the last five years, Marview Farms has  been committed to producing happier, healthier, and calmer animals than those  raised on grain. Please visit our website for more details on how our animals  are raised and fed.
 Marview Farms, Jannelyn Mendez and Fernando  Mendez, 627 Buford  Road, Arabi GA 31712. (305) 989-4647 (Jannelyn); (229)  401-8722 (Fernando). 
              E-mail: info@marviewfarms.com.  Website: http://marviewfarms.com.

Mountain Valley Farm, located
                in the beautiful Clear Creek Valley in the North Georgia mountains,
              has been owned and operated by our 
              family continuously since 1840. All animals are
              raised on pasture in a stress-free environment and handled
            humanely throughout all life cycles.   
Our Grass Fed Beef is
              dry aged, locally butchered to our specifications, and sold by
              the individual cuts in our Farm Store.
Our Free Range Pork is
              a Hamp/York and Berkshire Heritage Cross - high quality, tender,
              moist and well marbled with a rich deep flavor. Our pork is also 
              locally butchered to our specs and sold by the individual cuts
              in our Farm Store.  
All of our meats are USDA inspected, and
              we are licensed and inspected by the Georgia Department of Agriculture. No hormones, no antibiotics,
              no pesticides, no commercial fertilizers. 
Fresh Eggs from our pastured poultry are also
              available at our Farm Store. Farm Store Hours: Every Day, 10am to 6pm. 
Mountain Valley
              Farm, Suzanne
                Wright, 2021
                Homer Wright Road, Ellijay GA 30536.  (706)
            889-0999. 
            E-mail: suzyw@ellijay.com.
            Website: http://www.grassfedgeorgia.com.  

My Dad & Me Family Farm is  located in Powder  Springs, Georgia. We operate on a beautiful five-acre tract  where we are seeking to be as sustainable as possible.
                  We are known for our wonderful, 100% Grass-fed Raw Milk. We rationally  graze our Jersey cows on pasture and supplement with hay and balage. Our cows  are 100% grass-fed (no grain and no GMOs whatsoever) and are treated with  loving care. Happy, healthy, contented animals always produce the best quality  products.
                  We raise some of the finest pastured Broiler Meat Chickens available.  Freedom Ranger broiler chickens in moveable, bottomless pens similar to Joel  Salatin’s method: fresh water, Certified Organic soy-free GMO-free feed, and  daily access to new grass and bugs. We also have Grass-fed Beef and Pastured  Pork from Riverview Farms in Ranger, GA.
                  Also available for sale are Free-range, Pastured Eggs from our laying  hens that are fed only Certified Organic, soy-free, GMO-free chicken  feed. We have a nice variety of Fresh Garden Produce in season that  is grown on our farm as well as Baked Goodies, Skin Care Products, Grass-fed  Raw Milk Cheese, and Raw Honey. We always enjoy adding new items.
                  To learn how to purchase from our farm, visit our website and  enter your name and e-mail on the home page to receive our 'Welcome E-mail'  for more information.
                  We'd love to have you come out to the farm!
                    My  Dad & Me Family Farm, Daniel & Susan Hammond, Powder Springs, GA 30127. (678)  567-1826 
                  E-mail: info@mydadandmefamilyfarm.com. Website: http://www.mydadandmefamilyfarm.com.

Pastured Life Farm is a  true family farm located in North Central Florida. After growing tired of city  life  living in the urban core of Jacksonville, we left the city to  reconnect to the land and our food. Nearly a decade ago we began raising  pasture-raised broiler (meat) chickens and layers for eggs, along with a few  dairy and beef cows and a couple of pigs. Over  time, we've grown  into a full-scale pastured poultry, forest-raised pork and raw grass-fed dairy and creamery. 
Our customers take comfort in the fact that each of our animals  spends its entire life on our farm, and their quality of life is unmatched. We  believe that animals should be raised locally, sustainable, and responsibly by  healthy farmers for healthy families. 
 We place a large emphasis on  building soil through perennial and annual native grasses, which enables us to raise  our cows on a zero-grain diet, as nature intended. Our chickens and pigs  receive the freshest non-GMO grains,  tested and guaranteed by the  producer to be free from herbicides, pesticides and synthetic fertilizers.  (These results are available for us to share upon request.) All of our chickens  are processed in our on-farm processing facility, and our pigs are dispatched  here in a calm, humane manner before being transported to our nearby red meat  processing facility. 
 We deliver weekly to designated  drop points in Jacksonville; bi-weekly to St. Augustine and Gainesville; and  monthly to Orlando, Tampa, Valdosta and Tallahassee. Please visit our website  for additional information, or drop us a line via email to request our complete  product price list and delivery information. 
On farm pick-up and tours are  always welcome and encouraged. 
Pastured Life Farm, 
                    Dave and Ginger Shields, 6944 210th Place, O'Brien, FL 32071. 
                    (904) 891-9284.
                    E-mail pasturedlife@gmail.com. 
                    Website: www.pasturedlife.com
 

Red Briar Farms is a small,  family owned cattle farm in the foothills of the Cheaha Mountains. We raise  registered heritage Highland cattle for herd improvement and sustainable meat  production. 
Highland cattle are particularly well suited to low stress, low  management environments, and finish beautifully on grass. Due to a double hair  coat, they do not need a heavy layer of backfat for insulation, allowing them  to marble naturally, and produce lean, high quality cuts of beef.  Highlands are slow maturing, making their meat flavorful and succulent. Our  herd is raised on wide open pastures of mixed native grasses, clover and  fescue, using rotational grazing and sustainable pasture management for the  health of the land and the cattle. They are antibiotic- and hormone-free,  and all grass-fed. They receive hay only the few short months of winter when  the pastures are dormant. Our fescue hay is produced on our own farm. 
Harvesting is done at a local certified facility to reduce stress from  transportation. Beef is sold by the whole, half, or quarter carcass. We will  ship. Please see the website for photos of our beautiful animals, and more  information on the breed.
Red Briar Highlands, Eleanor McCain, 
        Red Briar Farm, PO  Box 253, Ashland, AL 36251. (850) 864-3815.
        E-mail: emccain@eleanormccain.net. Website:  www.redbriarhighlands.com


Shaladawn Farm provides
                    veal and freezer beef by the whole or half carcass
                    in the late spring and late fall. The calves are raised "as
                    close to nature's way as possible at this time, and we continue
                    to pursue new ways to improve the naturalness of our operation." 
The calves are fed almost entirely on mother's milk
        and grass/hay prior to finishing, and then grass-finished in the spring
        and fall. A kelp/salt supplement is available throughout the growth process.
        Feed antibiotics and hormones are not used at any time. The pastures
        are not treated with chemical fertilizers. The cows, together with high-density
        strip grazing, "are our primary tool for pasture development, maintenance,
        and improvement."
 Shaladawn Farm, Joe Dillon, 978 Coggin Road, Newnan
          GA  30263. (770) 251-2107. 
          E-mail: dawnshala@msn.com
 

The Wright Beef – see Wright Beef below

Tink's Grass-fed Beef offers beef processed
                    at its peak, aged for full flavor, quick frozen and vacuumed
                    packaged for your convenience and satisfaction. Our products
                    are offered by the cut, by the pound. 
In order to insure healthy cattle, we are practicing
        rotational grazing and implementing management intensive grazing techniques.
        Offering a stress-free, humane environment is priority. Our Black Angus
        cattle are fed and finished on high quality pasture. No pesticides, hormones,
        antibiotics or grain are used in the production of Tink's Grass-fed Beef.
        Grass fed meat is higher in Omega 3 fatty acids, CLA's, vitamin E, Beta
        Carotene and nutrient content, making it healthier than the alternative.
        Grass fed is the right thing to do for the Earth, for the animal, and
        most of all for you, the customer. 
Tink's Grass-fed Beef is available at The Washington
        Farmer's Market. 111 North Allison St., Washington, GA 30673. Or contact
        Etwenda Wade. 
Tink's Grassfed Beef, Etwenda (Tink) Wade, 965
          Roberson Campbell Road, Washington, GA 30673. (706) 318-1515.
        Email: info@tinksbeef.com. Website: http://www.tinksbeef.com 

Wagon Wheel Ranch is a 200-acre family farm
        operating 14 miles south of Athens for 40 years. We raise
        antibiotic- and hormone-free, all natural, grass fed, grass finished, free range, Black Angus cross bred beef.
      






We love our cows and treat them
        humanely with respect and kindness.
        We cross purebred Santa Gertrudis cows (good mothers) with a purebred
        Hereford bull (gentle disposition  & high yield carcass); their daughters
        (healthy, gentle, good mothers) are bred to a purebred Black Angus bull
        (tender quality meat cuts). The resulting calves are the ones we sell
        to you! This cross breeding system makes the cows  and calves healthier
        and disease resistant. Our Black Angus bull was DNA tested for tenderness,
        ribeye size and 10 other genetic traits.
Our beef is sold to you live
  on the hoof for $2.00-3.50/pound, depending on the current market. We deliver
  the animal to a processor where it is processed and aged at your cost
  to your specifications, then vacuum packed and flash frozen. This is
  the least expensive way to purchase beef ! We now also sell individual retail cuts that are vacuum packed and frozen.
A whole carcass will fit in a
        14 cubic foot chest freezer, and 1/2 carcass in a 7 cubic foot freezer.
        A live weight beef yields about 50% hanging weight, which typically
        consists of 31% steaks, 31% roasts, 36% ground beef and 2% miscellaneous
        cuts. Live weights average 800-1000 pounds and 2-4 friends can group
        together to divide a whole carcass in halves or quarters. 
To insure
        product quality,
        only calves born, raised and finished on our farm are
        offered for sale. Customers  must make an appointment in advance if they
        desire to pick out their own calf at the farm. We use a sustainable pasture
        rotation system with natural shade and fresh water available at all times. High quality
        free choice hay or grass silage is fed during winter or  drought
        conditions.
Wagon Wheel Ranch has been audited and inspected and is now certified by the American Grassfed Association as well as Animal Welfare Approved for humane production and harvesting of our beef cattle, including the processing plant we use. 
Wagon Wheel Ranch, Fred Liebl, DVM., 2820
          Antioch Church Road, Watkinsville GA  30677. (706) 340-3344.
          
          E-mail: fredliebl@aol.com. 

Whippoorwill Farm provides lean,
                    nutritious beef from cattle that graze only on pasture
                    and hay at our small family farm in northeast Georgia. Our
                    cattle are mostly Angus and Jersey cross-breeds. We do not
                    feed them any animal by-products, waste foodstuffs (candy
                    bars, pastries, etc.), antibiotics, hormones, steroids or
                    grains. We also offer brown eggs from our free-ranging
                    hens.
We focus on low-stress and humane treatment of all
        our animals and employ management intensive grazing to grow healthy animals
        and to promote biologically diverse ecosystems.
Our beef is processed at an inspected facility and
        is dry-aged a minimum of 14 days. It is available in whole, half or quarter
        (split half) portions but smaller amounts are sometimes available. Shipping
        is not yet currently available. However, since our herd is small we only
        have a limited supply of beef to offer at any give time. Place your order
        at any time and we will keep it on file until the next beef is available.
Whippoorwill Farm, Bruce and Jeanne O'Connor, 929
        Whippoorwill Lane,  Carnesville
        GA 30521.  (706) 384-3259 or (770) 344-8478 (cell). 
        E-mail: brucejoconnor@windstream.net. 

White Oak Pastures is a family-owned and operated producer of  grassfed beef, lamb and goat, as well as pastured pork, rabbit and poultry.  
Committed to the principles of sustainability and stewardship, the  five-generation farm has operated continuously on the same land in Early  County, Georgia, for 150 years. In addition to being the most diversified farm  in the South, White Oak Pastures is also known for its closed-loop farming  practices and zero-waste protocol that benefits the land, the animals and the  consumers it serves. 
White Oak Pastures is the only  farm in the United States that has both red meat and white meat abattoirs on  the property. The plant, designed by Temple Grandin, is focused on keeping the  animals at ease.
The farm also offers 60+  varieties of certified organic produce, pastured eggs, artisan goods, on-site  lodging, dining and educational workshops. White Oak Pastures' products are  available for shipping through the online store at www.whiteoakpastures.com. 
White Oak Pastures, Will  Harris, PO Box 98, Bluffton
          GA 39824. (229) 641-2081. 
        E-mail: will.harris@whiteoakpastures.com Website: http://www.whiteoakpastures.com.


Woodsong Farm is located on 15  acres of rolling hill country in Chattahoochee Hills, GA. We currently sell chicken and duck eggs, meat  ducks and goat meat. All of our products are organically fed, pasture raised,  and Certified Naturally Grown.  
We take  great pleasure in producing quality, pasture-based, ethically raised meats and  eggs. Our chickens and ducks are fed soy-free organic feed and are  rotated to fresh pasture daily. Our goats forage both pasture and thick browse  (their favorite) for their feed.  
Our animals are free to roam with  confidence because we have two livestock guardian dogs providing for their  security. We believe that happy animals taste the best. Our  pastures and animals are chemical- and hormone-free.  We grow GMO-free rye,  clover, and radishes in our pastures in the winter so that our animals have  green forage year round. We strive to steward our land and animals with  the utmost care. We believe that agriculture, when done right, can be a  powerful tool for the restoration of community and land and a force  for social justice. 
        You  can purchase our products at the Peachtree Road Farmer's Market on Saturdays or  call and arrange to pick up at the farm. We also do weekly deliveries in  Atlanta.
Woodsong Farm,        Peter and Kristin Davenport, Chattahoochee  Hills, GA 30268.        (678) 787-5181.
        E-mail: info@woodsongfarm.net.        Website: www.woodsongfarm.net

The Wright Beef has been
  a grass based family farm for over 55 years. Our farm is
  1570 acres located in Abbeville County, SC, about an hour
  drive from Greenville and very close to the Georgia state line. We are devoted to raising natural
  grassfed to finished Angus beef on grasslands grown
  on mineral rich soils. 
All of our cattle are born and raised right here
  on our farm. They do not receive grain, hormones or antibiotics. They
  are handled as stress free as possible. We produce great tasting gourmet
  quality beef that is healthy for your family. It is processed locally,
  aged 21 days and vacuum packed for flavor and freshness. We offer a whole,
  half or split half. 
Anyone interested in eating wild, please give us
  a call and visit anytime.
The Wright Beef, Billy and Cameron Wright,
  PO Box 68, Lowndesville
    SC 29659. (864) 348-2706. 
  E-mail: suzwright55@yahoo.com. Website: http://thewrightbeef.com.



  
Find a broken link, missing website, discontinued e-mail address,
  or disconnected phone number? 
  Please E-mail
  our Webmaster and
  help us keep Eatwild up-to-date! 

Alabama | Alaska 
    | All-Grass Dairies | Arizona | Arkansas 
    | California | Colorado 
    | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Farms
      That Ship| Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho 
    | Illinois | Indiana 
    | Iowa | Kansas 
    | Kentucky | Louisiana 
    | Maine | Maryland 
    | Massachusetts |  Michigan | Minnesota 
    | Mississippi | Missouri 
    | Montana | Nebraska 
    | Nevada | New
      Hampshire | New Jersey |   
      New Mexico | New York |  
      North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio 
    | Oklahoma | Oregon 
    | Pennsylvania | Rhode
      Island | South
        Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee 
    | Texas | Utah 
    | Vermont  | Virginia | Washington 
    | West Virginia | Wisconsin 
    | Wyoming |
CANADA | All-Grass
      Dairies| Farms That Ship | International

 




 
 
 
 
 
 

              Beyond the Farm 
              in Georgia
Find Grass-Fed products in Georgia Markets, Restaurants
  and Stores
 






 
Find
great books 
& kitchen tools 
in  the Eatwild
        Store
Sales support Eatwild.com

Our Favorite Meat
      Thermometer Ever
 




Pasture Perfect      
      by Jo Robinson

 
 Available now 



Makes it
    tender!
      








 
 




Home | Grassfed Basics 
| Eatwild 
Store | Meet Jo | Notes & News| Food 
| Resources | Site Map 
| Contact | Support 


  
    
© Copyright 2002-2017 by Jo Robinson. All Rights Reserved. For permission
 to use copyrighted material send an e-mail








RUSSELL GREEN PASTURES, LLC Georgia - Corporation Service Company - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Georgia
  /  
RUSSELL GREEN PASTURES, LLC





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













RUSSELL GREEN PASTURES, LLC


 Georgia

 GA-0147522
 



 Active



RUSSELL GREEN PASTURES, LLC was formed on 2001-10-25 in Georgia by Corporation Service Company located at 40 Technology Pkwy South, #300, Gwinnett, Norcross, GA, 30092, USA. It is currently active.




Save Profile  










FORMATION DETAILS


Registration Number: 0147522
Type: Domestic Limited Liability Company
Status: Active
Date of Formation: 2001-10-25




LOCATIONS






A
Address


40 Technology Pkwy South, #300, Gwinnett, Norcross, GA, 30092, USA



B
Address


504 FAIR ST SW, ATLANTA, GA, 30313-1206, United States





OFFICERS



Corporation Service Company
Registered Agent







RELATED COMPANIES



RUSSELL GREEN PASTURES, LLC
(Georgia)





ABOUT THE AREA (ZIP CODE 30313)


Number of businesses: 187
Median income: $41,773
Annual payroll in $1,000: 769,300




DID YOU KNOW?



Georgia was below average for the amount of money that citizens paid in state income taxes for 2009:9.1 percent versus an average of 9.8 percent.

















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec











	Georgia/Florida Deliveries






























Peaceful Pastures
All Natural, Humanely Raised Meats

      
                                


 Search: 
    Products |
    Web Site








Log In





  
My Account





              0 items in my cart













Grass-Fed MeatsAll of our animals are produced humanely and sustainably without the use of antibiotics, pesticides or supplemental hormones.BeefPorkLambPoultrySampler PacksParts for PeopleFull Product List


 Search: 
    Products |
    Web Site


CSACommunity Supported Agriculture (CSA) is a great way to enjoy a variety of grass-fed meats! Each monthly installment is 20-22 pounds of meat plus a handmade bath and body product. Full Variety CSA Full Variety CSA (Half Share)3 Meat CSA3 Meat CSA (Half Share)Pork-Free CSAPork-Free CSA (Half Share)GA/FL DeliveriesThree times each year, in May, August and December, Peaceful Pastures delivers meat to customers in Georgia and Florida. More info...Cooking InfoCooking Info & RecipesRecipe ListCalendarView Calendar
Upcoming Events
7/28/2017 - Good Shepherd prepaid order pick up. Store hours are 9am-6pm7/29/2017 - Franklin farmers market order pick up + retail sales 8am-1pm8/2/2017 - Orders for the Good Shepherd have to be in by noon today.8/4/2017 - Good Shepherd prepaid order pick up. Store hours are 9am-6pm8/4/2017 - Hip Donelson Market retail sales and order pick up. Hours 4pm-7pm8/5/2017 - Franklin Farmers market Full share CSA summer pick up + retail sales and order pick up 8am-1pm 8/8/2017 - All Georgia Deliveries8/11/2017 - Live Oak, Gainesville, Bushnell Deliveries8/12/2017 - Tampa, Orlando and Jacksonville Deliveries8/12/2017 - Richland Park Full share CSA pick up + order pick up + retail sales from 9am-12:30pm8/18/2017 - Hip Donelson Market retail sales and order pick up. Hours 4pm-7pm9/9/2017 - Franklin Farmers market Full and Half share CSA summer pick up + retail sales and order pick up 8am-1pm 10/14/2017 - Franklin Farmers market Full share CSA summer pick up + retail sales and order pick up 8am-1pm About UsContact UsDirectionsFAQPoliciesLocal DeliveriesInternshipsLarge AnimalSoapsVisit www.country-girl-soaps.com to shop for our handmade bath and body products.






GA/FL Deliveries: Schedule, Info and FAQ
      
Three times each year, in May, August and December, Peaceful Pastures delivers meat to customers in Georgia and Florida. We've tried to include most of the information below and in a Q & A format, but if you still have questions, PLEASE let us know! We look forward to meeting you in person! DELIVERY DATES
All Georgia Deliveries - August 8thLive Oak, Gainesville, Bushnell - August 11thTampa, Orlando, Jacksonville - August 12th   BULK DEADLINES Bulk beef (whole, half, quarter); Bulk pork (whole, half), Bulk lamb (whole)  - June 30thAll Retail cuts of poultry (turkey, turkey breast, ground turkey, boneless/skinless chicken breasts, bone-in/skin-on chicken breast, boneless/skinless chicken thighs, bone-in/skin-on chicken thighs, chicken backs/necks, chicken wings, chicken feet, chicken livers) - June 30thFinal deadline for ALL Retail (and add-on's to existing orders) - July 22nd
As with all the GA/FL Deliveries we encourage you to order early to ensure the items you have ordered are in stock; remember, we fill orders in the sequence they were received, so those who order first have the greatest likelihood of their orders being filed in their entirety.
New Customer Information
How do I place an order?If you are a first time customer, you must order via our web site. If you are a returning customer, you may use the web site, phone (615-683-4291), or email us
What is a bulk order?We have changed some of our nomenclature to hopefully make things more clear: BULK applies to beef by the whole, half, quarter; pork whole or half, lamb whole. Of course, as always, it is custom cut to your specifications. VOLUME applies to buying in quantity of the same item, such as 50 pounds or more of ground beef, 50 pounds or more of sausage, etc. You will find the volume prices (if they apply) by each item in the shopping cart of the web site.THE FOLLOWING  BULK AND VOLUME ORDERS ARE DUE BY THE BULK ORDER DEADLINE 
Beef: Ground beef orders of 50 pounds or more

Pork: Whole*, half*; sausage (hot or mild): 50 pounds or more; Ground pork: 50 pounds or more
 *These custom items require a non-refundable deposit to be placed at the time the product is ordered


What is the delivery fee?Orders up to $200 - $35Orders $201 - $500 - $45Orders $501 - $1,000 - 9% of the order's totalOrders $1,001 - $2,500 - 8% of the order's totalOrders over $2,501 and up - 7% of the order's total
How and when do I pay?Others than bulk deposits, nothing is charged to your card until we actually compile the order, from 5-14 days prior to the trip. You may pay deposits by credit card, Pay Pal or a mailed check. The final balance due is either charged to your card or paid by Pay Pal. All (individual) customers receive an itemized invoice via email. If you are paying by credit card, you will receive an email (please inform us of any email address changes) on the day your card is charged, informing you of the total charged. If you are paying by Pay Pal, we will send you a Pay Pal request for money. 
Order changes/cancellation policy?                                                                   We are happy to make additions to your order right up until the ordering deadline, but deletions from your order will result in a 20% restocking fee.  In addition to the (small) walk in freezer at the farm, we use a freezer storage facility 45 minutes from home. We take people at their word when they place orders from us, and to assure the fastest service, we have been packing the GA/FL as soon as they come in and sending them to the warehouse one pallet at a time.  PLEASE check your freezer space before placing an order; we do not want to charge people the extra re-stocking fee and we do not want to have to start charging people up front.  Please honor the commitment you make when you place the order with us. If more than one person is going in on an order, please make certain each persons commitment is firm (yet another good reason for individual instead of combined orders).         
 Is the meat fresh or frozen?All of the meat will be delivered to you frozen, in 25-30 pound, clear plastic bags. Our meats are packed in dry ice for the trip to assure their integrity. 
Do I need to bring my own coolers? Yes. Please have your coolers cold BEFORE you put the meat in them. Please put loose ice into the cooler as you leave home. When you arrive at the stop, empty the ice and put your cold meat into a cold cooler. The meat coming out of the dry ice is -10 degrees; even if you have the air conditioning on in your car, your cooler may only be 70 degrees and this won't do the frozen meat any favors. If you live only an hour or so from the stop, you may want to just put the meat in sleeping bags and bundle it up! 
How does the pick up work?1. You will receive an email 7-10 days prior to the delivery giving the time at which to meet us and confirming the meeting point. We MUST receive a response to this email by reply or phone call. You order will not be loaded onto the truck unless we have a confirmation from you. We will get your cell phone numbers at that time as well as provide you with ours. It is critical that you are there by that delivery time, waiting on us. 2. Unless otherwise indicated, we will pull into the semi parking area. 3. We try to have our drop offs go as quickly as possible. This is why it is SO important for you to be there early. If even one person is late, it slows down the process for the rest of the people the rest of the day and is so unfair.4. Due to the large volume, the Tampa stop is especially busy and chaotic. It is much less so if everyone is there on time waiting for their bags. Please do not park blocking the back of the truck (the unloading area) so that everyone may have easy and fast access to the trailer's deck. If several people are coming for the same order, please have (only) one vehicle park up close to the truck. 5. We need to get the meat unloaded quickly, into your coolers fast and the truck sealed back up ASAP. The minute we remove the meat from the dry ice, it has no refrigeration, and we will start unloading just as soon as we arrive at the drop off locations. We will not wait for everyone to get there first, so if you aren't there when the truck door opens, your meat will set out until you do arrive. 6. Once there, you will receive a sheet of paper with your name on it, telling how many bags you are to receive and the bag numbers. You are responsible for checking the name tags on each bag to make sure it is your bag and keeping track of the numbers. Once you have received all of your bags, sign the bottom of the sheet and give it back to us and you are ready to leave! 
Where are the delivery stops?Please make sure you know where the stop is prior to the trip and be there waiting when we get there!! IF YOU ARE UNSURE WHERE YOUR STOP IS, PLEASE CALL US PRIOR TO THE DELIVERY DATE! Late customers affect everyone by slowing down every subsequent delivery. Be sure that we have your current cell phone numbers, and we will call if there are any substantial delays on our end. Orders that are not picked up on time will be forfeited and are non-refundable. All locations are on Interstate 75 SOUTH bound. 
Listing of the Georgia rest areas where we stop: Georgia: 1. At the welcome center just over the GA border2. Calhoun - north of Atlanta* (specific directions below)3. Improveat- Atlanta (address below)4. Macon - north of the I-75/475 split5. South of Macon/north of Cordele6. Between Cordele and Tifton 
*CALHOUN Rest Area from Atlanta: take I-75 North get off on exit 320 - Turn around and get back on Interstate 75 Southbound. The rest area is between mile markers 320 and 319 (rest areas do not have exit numbers) **Atlanta/Improveat- Use Mapquest or Google to find it.  6400 ATLANTIC BLVD
NW, PEACHTREE CORNER.  (MAKE SURE you put
in the “NW” if using GPS!) If you have met us previously at the Improveat
location, it is only 1 building down on the same side of the road. Just cross
the railroad tracks and look for me. Park in the spaces facing the road, NOT in front of the building. 

Florida:  1. At the Live Oak exit (#439)**2. Rest Area (south bound) south of Gainesville Approximately mile marker 3813. Bushnell - (south bound) rest area4. Tampa - ***Terrace Palms Community Church*** 5. Orlando -****Sacred Heart Church****6. Jacksonville - *****Awaken Church*******Live Oak- from I-75, take exit 439 (Hwy 136), turn away from the (one) hotel and you should see us in the parking lot of what used to be a gas station*** Tampa - Meet in the parking lot of the Terrace Palms Community Church, 9620 Davis Road, Tampa 33637****Orlando - Meet in the parking lot of Sacred Heart Traditional Catholic Church, 1018 - 36th Street, Orlando, FL*****Jacksonville - Meet in the parking lot of Awaken Church, 4820 Executive Park #104 Ct, Jacksonville, FL 32216

How do co-op orders work?A co-op order is placed by and paid for by one person. They then make arrangements for dividing the product and the cost amongst members. The co-op invoice will not break the order down by each member.
How does my group or business get wholesale pricing?We do have wholesale pricing for RETAIL cuts of meat that we are happy to email to you. To be eligible for wholesale pricing the individual or group just needs to provide us with their resellers number, food service license number or retail food permit number. In some states the resellers number is called a wholesalers number or resellers license. They are easy to obtain and you can usually complete the transaction on line. Please note that bulk purchases are not affected by wholesale pricing. The bulk price is the SAME as the wholesale price. In addition, the discounts for ground beef (50 pounds or more) and sausage (50 pounds or more) are the same as the wholesale pricing. The main benefit to wholesale pricing is for retail cuts such as steaks and roasts. Effective November 1, 2007 to receive wholesale pricing we need to have your number on file. You can just email or call it in!
More Road Trip FAQ
Q: Will you stop anywhere other than what is listed above?A: We're sorry, but no. 
Q: Do you bring extra meat on the GA/FL deliveries?A: We do not carry any extra product, only what has been ordered.Q: Why do I have to order so early for road trips?A: There are many different factors that we must consider several weeks before each trip. Keep in mind that we are compiling thousands of pounds of products for these trips. To provide you with the freshest products, we must know far enough in advance to have the appropriate number of animals processed. Remember all of our beef is aged at least 21 days for the best flavor so the animals are taken weeks in advance of the trip.  It also takes quite a long time to process, compile and weigh each order prior to the trip, and we must know in advance the size/capacity of the vehicle and/or trailer to rent. Q: Can I pay by cash or check for the road trip delivery?A: All orders must be paid prior to our departure from the farm. 







Contact Us | 
                Directions | 
                Policies | 
                FAQ | 
                Local Delivery | 
                Farm Pickup | 
                Newsletters | 
                Soaps


                69 Cowan Valley Lane, Hickman, TN 38567
                Customer Service 615-683-4291 Monday-Friday 7 AM - 3 PM CST
            

                © 2017 PeacefulPastures.com All rights reserved.
            









