






George William P in Saratoga, CA | 19040 Cox Ave, Saratoga, CA






< Back to previousGeorge William P(0){{slogan}}19040 Cox AveSaratoga, CA 95070{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Message from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeProducts & ServicesEstate Planning, Guardianship, Limited Liability Companies, Power of Attorney, Probate, Tax Law, Trusts, Wills... MoreEstate Planning, Guardianship, Limited Liability Companies, Power of Attorney, Probate, Tax Law, Trusts, Wills LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.





George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver
IATH: w6sq984q










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William P Georges - Charlotte, NC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William P Georges in Charlotte, NC


William P Georges

                                                                                       Intelius found that William P Georges  is  a female between 80 and 90 years old from Charlotte, NC.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

William P Georges is in her 80s

William Has Lived In

Charlotte, NC
Waxhaw, NC

William's Relatives

Pete Georges
Jennifer Georges
Anna Georges
Catherine Whitlock







William P Georges



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William P Georges
Get a Criminal Check on William P Georges
Get a Public Record Report on William P Georges
Get a People Search Report on William P Georges


William P Georges's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William P Georges has lived as well as William P Georges's phone numbers and email addresses.




William P Georges Has Lived in 1 States
North Carolina Address for William P Georges


3014 E I*********** B*** 

Charlotte, NC


Has Lived In

Charlotte, NC
Waxhaw, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William P Georges

(704) ***-**** - Charlotte, NC 
(704) ***-**** - Charlotte, NC 
(704) ***-**** - Charlotte, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William P Georges

w*************s@***.com
g*****9@***.com


Get Email Report




William P Georges's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William P Georges


William P Georges's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William P Georges's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Georges
Username Matches

                  WilliamGeorges
                  GeorgesWilliam
                  William.Georges
                  Georges.William
                  William_Georges
                  Georges_William
                  William-Georges
                  Georges-William
                  WGeorges
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Georges







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















Home





























Friday, July 28, 2017










 

















HOME / CONTACT


ABOUT US


PRODUCTS


SUPPORT


RESOURCES


TRAINING VIDEOS


EVENTS / NEWS














110 Sleepy Hollow
Middletown, DE 19709

302-449-0199








Reduce Measurement Time with the Industry’s Fastest Inspection System!
 


 








Core
OASIS Elite
CoreX2


 

 


 
Elite Dual
 



 
The OASIS is a full-featured Inspection System designed to measure multiple dimensions instantly. Our Premier Optical Inspection System combines accuracy and precision with a fast, easy to use operator interface. This non-contact Machine Vision Inspection System is designed to measure multiple profile dimensions on small parts, accurate to +/- 0.0001 inches, with all measurements done in less than a second. 
 
The OASIS is So Fast, So Easy, We'll Get You Back To Making Parts! 
 
Speed, Accurate, Easy. Measure On.
 

 
































George Products Company, Inc.
©2017 All Rights Reserved


Privacy Statement


OASIS Training Videos


Terms of Use


Sitemap





Designed by: Technigraphics, Inc.   |  
Hosting 
by: Delaware.Net



Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Youtube
Wordpress











William George Produce Co Inc | Lufkin, TX, 75904-2306 - Macrae's Blue Book






















America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search













Is This Your Company?

William George Produce Co Inc



Address:

105 Loftin St
Lufkin,  TX
,  75904-2306





Phone:
936-634-7738
Fax:
936-639-1269
Contact this Company


This company is located in the Central Time Zone and the office is currently
								Closed


Get a Free Quote from William George Produce Co Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...BROKERS: FoodFOOD PRODUCTSGROCERIES WHOLESALERS, NEC






William George Produce Co Inc Products:
Wholesales General Groceries Wholesales Groceries Food aid policies or programs, Food planning services, Food security services, Food reserves management, Food shortage or surplus management or control services




Estimated Shipping Rates from 	Lufkin, Texas to

(Select State Below)
Alabama (AL) Alaska (AK) Arizona (AZ) Arkansas (AR) California (CA) Colorado (CO) Connecticut (CT) Delaware (DE) Florida (FL) Georgia (GA) Hawaii (HI) Idaho (ID) Illinois (IL) Indiana (IN) Iowa (IA) Kansas (KS) Kentucky (KY) Louisiana (LA) Maine (ME) Maryland (MD) Massachusetts (MA) Michigan (MI) Minnesota (MN) Mississippi (MS) Missouri (MO) Montana (MT) Nebraska (NE) Nevada (NV) New Hampshire (NH) New Jersey (NJ) New Mexico (NM) New York (NY) North Carolina (NC) North Dakota (ND) Ohio (OH) Oklahoma (OK) Oregon (OR) Pennsylvania (PA) Rhode Island (RI) South Carolina (SC) South Dakota (SD) Tennessee (TN) Texas (TX) Utah (UT) Vermont (VT) Virginia (VA) Washington (WA) West Virginia (WV) Wisconsin (WI) Wyoming (WY)


			These costs are an estimate and cannot be used as actual shipping costs. Please contact William George Produce Co Inc for a complete quote with shipping costs.
			




Shipment Type
Estimated Price





Get a Free Quote from William George Produce Co Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...BROKERS: FoodFOOD PRODUCTSGROCERIES WHOLESALERS, NEC









Additional Info for William George Produce Co Inc



							Products - National
 

							Products - Local
 



Products offered by William George Produce Co Inc


BROKERS: Food FOOD PRODUCTS GROCERIES WHOLESALERS, NEC



Products offered in Texas


					BROKERS: Food - serving Texas

					FOOD PRODUCTS - serving Texas 

					GROCERIES WHOLESALERS, NEC - serving Texas



  





MacRAE'S Recommended Suppliers


Nutrecycle, LLC





Nutrecycle, LLC is a multi-service industrial recycling company, celebrating..





Show All


Related Companies
					
					within
					
10 mi 20 mi 50 mi 100 mi 200 mi 500 mi


Relating Score



B

Texas Farm Products Holding Co
18mi
1215 Wright Dr, Nacogdoches
								

10


C

Nacogdoches Independant School
19mi
302 Hughes St, Nacogdoches
								

10


D

Camp Olympia
42mi
723 Olympia Dr, Trinity
								

5


E

Land O'Pines Aquisition Ltd
0.6mi
500 Abney Ave, Lufkin
								

3


F

Gourmet Gardens Specialty Fds
41mi
1975 County Road 1605, Rusk
								

3












Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Trade Index 


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -
















 






William P. Georges | Intellicheck


















































Skip to content















William P. Georges 












He is a retired 25-year veteran of the Albany, NY Police Department where he ultimately achieved the rank of Assistant Chief/Chief of Patrol where he was responsible for all uniformed police services. Mr. Georges is a life member of the International Association of Chiefs of Police. He serves on the Traffic Law Enforcement Committee of the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies and has been recognized by numerous organizations for his dedication to law enforcement.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Kate Middleton and Prince George play at the polo as she unveils slim figure | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia


 
 

Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


Femail


Fashion Finder


Food


Beauty


Gardening


Blogs


Baby Blog


Discounts



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Trump dramatically FIRES chief of staff Priebus and names General John Kelly as his replacement - but Reince's allies say he QUIT on the day of The Mooch's f-word rant





Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One





Scaramucci's wife files for divorce 'because she's tired of his ambition'





'We had a great life, look after our kids': The chiropractor who jumped to his death with his wife off Manhattan office block because of their spiraling financial woes





North Korea fires ballistic missile 621 miles into the Sea of Japan in latest act of 'provocation' against the West





John McCain returns to Arizona for cancer treatment after dramatically killing Trump's Obamacare repeal and will start chemotherapy on Monday





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops





Court rules FAA needs to solve the 'Case of the Incredible Shrinking Airline Seat' amid claims that smaller seating space is endangering passenger safety





How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of inbreeding





'Our beautiful little boy has gone': Charlie Gard's parents announce that their brave son, whose plight touched the world, has died after bravely battling devastating genetic illness for so long





The little boy who touched the world: How Charlie Gard's battle drew love from across the planet with support from US President Trump and the Pope





Newly-released photos show Charlie and his mother before their year of suffering began as 'beautiful boy' loses his battle with terminal illness just a week before his first birthday 





Family of two brothers, 11 and 12, who suffered 'painful and agonizing deaths' after stepping in a puddle near downed power lines sue electrical company for $40million 





Chris Christie says his family was 'hurt' by public blowback over pictures of New Jersey governor lounging on a beach during government shutdown





'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with him': New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft 'Jack the Lad' police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 





'Everyone thinks he was whacked': Former Putin media czar, 57, who 'accidentally' died in 2015 in a Washington DC hotel was 'supposed to meet with the feds the next day and was beaten to death with a bat'





Mother of four charged with murder after her baby boy was found rotting in a dumpster after dying of a meth overdose





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus AND the Mooch with him to speech where he says it's OK for police to rough up 'thugs'





'You can't have everything': Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare 'implode' before trying to pass health bill - and blames 'the swamp' after humiliating defeat





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling people he wants 'a general' as White House chief of staff





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during Italian getaway - as taxpayers forked out $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip





Russia hits back over sanctions: Moscow kicks out hundreds of American diplomats and seizes two U.S. compounds





Trump's lobbying efforts fall flat as president's call to McCain, arm-twisting by Pence, and campaign to squeeze GOP moderates fails to avert healthcare fiasco





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of her D.C. home, followed closely by a very laid back Jared




Previous
Next











Let's dance, Mummy! George the jiver plays at the polo as Kate unveils slim figure in skinny jeans just six weeks after giving birth 
Prince Charles joined Kate and William at the Festival of Polo at the Beaufort Polo Club, GloucestershireGeorge, 23 months old, played happily with Mum Kate as he clutched a toy carThe Duchess of Cambridge looked remarkably slender just six weeks after giving birth to Princess Charlotte George's first cousin once removed, Peter Phillips and his wife Autumn also attended Meanwhile, celebrities mingled an hour away at the Queen's Cartier Cup By

Annabel Fenwick Elliott for MailOnline

Published:
  12:06 EDT, 14 June 2015

 | 
Updated:
  10:31 EDT, 19 June 2015














e-mail








35k
shares

 
        3.7k
View  comments



He was centre of attention on the Buckingham Palace balcony at Trooping the Colour yesterday and today all eyes were on Prince George again during a family outing to the polo.Playing with his mother, Kate, and clutching a little red and black toy car in his hands, the cherubic 23-month-old was obviously heartily enjoying the family jaunt to the Festival of Polo at the Beaufort Polo Club in Gloucestershire, along with his father Prince William, uncle Prince Harry and grandfather Prince Charles.The Duchess of Cambridge, 33, who looked relaxed and enviably slim just six weeks after giving birth to Princess Charlotte, ran after her toddler who attempted to run up the hill, was fascinated by polo mallets and even tried to kick one of the balls towards the thick of the action. Scroll down for video   





 Who's leading who? Prince George gallantly takes his mother's hand as he attempts to walk down a grass verge with Kate 





 





George, who turns two next month, looked every inch the fledgling prince in his smart attire, polo stick in one hand, car in the other (left) 





 





Kate laughed and joked around with George, at one point even teaching him how to kick a ball  





 An amused Kate holds George's toy car for him as he goes for an adventurous wander up the hill  





 The toddler gets a helping hand from mum, as he grabs tufts of grass and seems in danger of falling back down the slope  





 Taking a tumble: The adorable young prince finds himself in a precarious position as his laughing mother looks watches   





 Still learning: The young prince predictably loses his footing and ends up sprawled on the ground but the fall doesn't stop him smiling  





 Kate is full of energy jumping from side to side, as she plays with a laughing George, who is no doubt trying to evade her  





 The Prince shows his independent spirit as Kate attempts to exercise caution and hold him back as he tries to take off 





 





And it's been a mere six weeks since Kate, 33, gave birth to her second child, Princess Charlotte, but already she appears to have sprung back into shape as she strolled round in a pair of skinny jeans and a downstated breteon top

































Nail nautical chic in a Breton stripe top from Me+Em like The Duchess




Me+Em reverse stripe Breton top
Buy similar version now!



Visit site



She was all dressed up for the Trooping the Color parade yesterday but the Duchess of Cambridge showed off a more casual side to her style at the Beaufort Polo Club today. Ever the style maverick, our Kate!
The brunette beauty stuck to one of her favorite colors, royal blue (very fitting), in a striped Breton top from London-based label Me+Em, which she paired with simple skinny jeans and gorgeous Sebago boat shoes. If you feel like you're getting a hint of déjà vu, that's because this top is a navy version of the white design the Duchess wore at the Cirencester Park Polo Club last year. 
We're loving the classic crew neck and 3/4 length sleeves to this pretty nautical inspired top.  A hugely versatile piece for summer (as Kate has proved!) this top will look great teamed with skinnies and flats, or tucked into a pretty midi skirt.
Sadly Kate's exact top hails from the label's Spring/Summer '14 collection so is no longer available to buy, but follow the link (right) to snap it up in white and blue now. Conveniently, they ship to the US! 
Or, if you're in the mood for a shop around first, have a browse through our top striped picks below where we've also included Kate's exact boat shoes. From ASOS to Target, we've got all budgets covered to help you get that timeless Duchess flair in no time!



* PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED


...NOW GET ONE LIKE IT & COMPLETE THE LOOK










Sebago Bala shoes on Shoes.com


Visit site









Asos Reclaimed Vintage striped top


Visit site









G-star Raw LIUS ROUND KNIT


Visit site









Target Women's Boatneck Tee Merona


Visit site









COMME DES GARÇONS PLAY striped T-shirt on FarFetch.com


Visit site





















  





  Attentive Duchess: Kate helps her one-year-old son keep his balance as he stomps exuberantly up the hillThe little prince had bags of energy as he tried to run down a grass verge, only being restrained by his mother who remained sitting down, holding his hand firmly in her own.And when that ceased to amuse him, George tried to make his way back up the slope variously falling so that he was supported by his hands and feet and then standing upright only thanks to Kate's restraining hand on his bottom.The mother-of-two, who teamed her trusty ME+EM striped top, £48, with her favourite Sebago shoes, £89.99, Her hair was worn long and loose and she propped a pair of sunglasses on her head.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
2
Next






Those big brown eyes, winning smiles and THAT wave: The...



Jewel in the crown: Princess Mary sparkles in lavender gown...



Help! I'm a VAULT couture fashion victim: So many frocks, so...





Has Prince George made Crocs the hottest shoe of the summer?...





Share this article
Share



George is clearly becoming a fashion icon in his own right, dressed in an £64 Olivier cardigan and black Crocs, £26.99, and looked every inch the fledging prince in his blue shorts just one month shy of his second birthday.There was no sign of his baby sister, six-week-old Charlotte, which left Kate free to laugh and joke around with blonde toddler, at one point even teaching him how to kick a ball and pretending to block him as he tried to evade her, with a broad grin on his face.The young prince also tried his hand with a miniature polo mallet and couldn't have looked more self-assured as he did so.









more videos










1


2


3


















Watch video
                
Colin Cloud amazes Mel B on America's Got Talent






Watch video
                
Trailer for go90's original series 'The Ashley Graham Project'






Watch video
                
Groggy Simone Biles tries singing after wisdom teeth removal






Watch video
                
Instagram star Briana Chandler works hard for washboard abs










Watch video
                
Highlights from Dr Sandra Lee (aka Dr Pimple Popper)






Watch video
                
'World's hottest vegan' Ferdinand Beck bulks up in the gym






Watch video
                
Prince Harry plays handball with children in a  summer session






Watch video
                
UK's first thong bikini range being modelled in BTS promo










Watch video
                
Life of luxury: CC the French bulldog enjoys the summer sales






Watch video
                
Kanon hears for the first time after getting his cochlear implant






Watch video
                
Ashley's in no mood for jokes as decision day approaches






Watch video
                
Tinder lovebirds Michelle and Josh FINALLY meet on GMA












  





 The playful prince: George stomps down the hill clutching two handfuls of grass while his mother Kate helps him keep his balance 





 





What a handful! Kate was seen hoisting up the playful one-year-old as he charged around the grounds of the Beaufort Polo Club  





 Well played! Prince George tentatively touches his father Prince William's helmet before pulling his hand away  





 After such a busy day, it's no wonder that George looks less than interested after his father's game is over. William talks to his sceptical-looking son while Prince Charles looks on  





 Tears before bedtime? Kate is amused by George's grumpy expression, a day after he charmed the nation with his waves to the crowd from the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour 





Celebrating: Prince William and Prince Harry pictured during today's Festival of Polo at the Beaufort Polo Club in Gloucestershire 





 





George was the centre of attention this afternoon with his mother The Duchess of Cambridge as the royals enjoyed a family jaunt to the Festival of Polo at the Beaufort Polo Club in Gloucestershire  





 Is he crawling or just attempting to get up the hill? Kate looks on amused as Prince George makes his way up the slope  





 Is that a ball, mum? The young prince spots something interesting at the bottom of the hill and is keen to let Kate know about it 





 





George, who is becoming a fashion icon in his own right was dressed in an £64 Olivier cardigan and black Crocs, £26.99  





 The young prince also tried his hand with a miniature polo stick and couldn't have appeared more self-assured as he did soAlso among the royals at the festival's charity match were Zara Phillips and her husband Mike Tindall with their daughter Mia Grace, as well as Peter and Autumn Phillips with their children Isla and Savannah. William, 32, and Harry, 30, were relatively dressed down in chinos and polo shirts, while Charles donned a beige suit. It was a world away from yesterday's formality at Buckingham Palace. Later on, William jumped on a horse and took part in the charity match as his adoring family looked on.Proud Kate pointed to her husband as George watched his father earnestly. Princess Anne's son Peter was spotted chatting to Prince Charles, while his wife Autumn swung their children, Savannah, six, and Isla, three, around in circles. At one stage, Peter threw an exhausted looking Isla over his shoulder and marched across the lawn, his family in tow.    





 





Eye for a ball: Young George looks grumpy as he is carried by his mother but was soon delighted again when he got hold of a ball 





 





Watching daddy: Prince George sits with Kate during the polo but soon becomes restless and leads his mother on a wander  





 Making big strides: The confident young prince looked to be having a whale of a time and kept his mother busy for most of the day  





 Wilful toddler: Not content with his toy car, clutched close to his chest, Prince George was quick to react when a ball rolled his way  





 Kate giggled as she offered George what appears to be an ice cream cone as they played with Autumn Phillips and her three-year-old daughter Isla  





 William, 32, and Harry, 30, were relatively dressed down in chinos and polo shirts, pictured here greet Autumn Phillips and her eldest daughter Savannah   





 Also among the royals at the festival's charity match were Zara Phillips and her husband Mike Tindall with their daughter Mia GraceEquestrian Zara and former English rugby player Mike dressed down in jeans and sporty tops as they played around with one-year-old Mia. Beaufort Polo Club is a favourite of Princes William and Harry - who have battled it out against one another on the field countless times.Last year, it was the Piaget team that included Prince Harry and ten goal Argentine Facundo Pieres, who defeated the Duke of Cambridge’s Royal Salute team.This year, tickets for the festival could be purchased for as little as £10, and guests can enjoy polo demonstrations, family entertainment, and more than 40 exhibitors situated in the tented shopping village. 









more videos










1


2


3


















Watch video
                
Highlights from Dr Sandra Lee (aka Dr Pimple Popper)






Watch video
                
Instagram star Briana Chandler works hard for washboard abs






Watch video
                
Trailer for go90's original series 'The Ashley Graham Project'






Watch video
                
Groggy Simone Biles tries singing after wisdom teeth removal










Watch video
                
Colin Cloud amazes Mel B on America's Got Talent






Watch video
                
'World's hottest vegan' Ferdinand Beck bulks up in the gym






Watch video
                
Prince Harry plays handball with children in a  summer session






Watch video
                
UK's first thong bikini range being modelled in BTS promo










Watch video
                
Life of luxury: CC the French bulldog enjoys the summer sales






Watch video
                
Kanon hears for the first time after getting his cochlear implant






Watch video
                
Ashley's in no mood for jokes as decision day approaches






Watch video
                
Tinder lovebirds Michelle and Josh FINALLY meet on GMA












  





 It was certainly a family affair as various members of the royal family set up camp on the sidelines   





 Don't get too close! George is led away by his dutiful mother after straying a little too close to the horses during a polo match  





 Later on, William (left) jumped on a horse and took part in the charity match as his adoring family looked onBoth Prince William, who took to the field today, and his brother Harry are excellent players who like a chukka whenever they can spare the time, said Tim Keyte, executive polo manager of the nearby Cirencester Polo Park. He told The Telegraph: 'They obviously have that talent already. William is so much like his father in the way he plays. I played with his father quite a bit in the early days. 'When you take a quick look, you have to do a double take to make sure that they aren't the same person.'Harry has got his own style. He's more of a fighter, someone who gets in there and gets his hands dirty. William is more calculated, a lot like his father.'Prince Charles retired from playing polo in 2005 after being a keen participant for 40 years. He first became interested after watching his father, the Duke of Edinburgh play at Windsor, taking part in his first game aged 15 in 1963.     





 Proud Kate cuddles George as he points earnestly into the distance 





 





As William stole his son for a quick post-match cuddle, George was clearly eager to clamber back into his mother's embrace   





 Prince Charles, 66, opted for a beige suit, while Autumn, 37 (left), dressed down in jeans, seen with her husband Peter Philips, 37 (right)But the family legacy appears to be strong, with Prince George the latest Windsor to show an interest in the sport as he picked up a mini-mallet that looked the perfect size for a curious toddler.  Charles certainly didn't appear to miss the sport himself as he laughed and joked with his nephew Peter and his wife Autumn.The Beaufort Polo Club is just 19 years old but it's a revival of a club launched in 1872 by Colonel Frank Henry, who had just returned from the ninth Lancers, which was the regiment responsible for bringing the sport of polo to England. The present club was formed in 1928 by members of the Beaufort Hunt under the Duke of Beaufort in  the Big Field at Norton, between Malmesbury and Hullavington on the Pinkney Estate.Today, the club is set alongside the Westonbirt Arboretum in one of the most beautiful parts of England in the heart of the Cotswolds.    





 At one stage, Peter threw an exhausted looking Isla over his shoulder and marched across the lawn, his family in tow   





 Savannah, six, takes flight as she is swung around by her mother AutumnMeanwhile, an hour away at Windsor Great Park, the lawn was crawling with glossy young waifs at the Cartier Queen's Cup polo final today - but it was the society matriarchs who stole the show on the glamour stakes.Dame Joan Collins, 82, and Jerry Hall, 58, posed up a storm together at London's Guards Polo Club during the last day of the annual tournament; a navy-clad Ms Hall clutching a glass of wine and a cigarette and Ms Collins in head to toe pale pink and sporting a statement hat.They were joined on the lawn by names including Donna Air, Jodie Kidd, Amber Le Bon, Borris and Lily Becker, and Guy Pelly. The weather was chilly and overcast, but in true British style, this did nothing to dampen the spirits as the champagne flowed and lively socialites rubbed shoulders.Ms Hall opted for a sharply tailored navy skirt suit with a matching cashmere jumper tied loosely around her shoulders.She wore her tumbling blonde hair loose and teamed her outfit with Chanel accessories and a pair of black and tortoise shell shades.Ms Collins paired her knee-length dress and frilly jacket with an elaborate matching hat and was dripping diamonds and pearls.  





 Meanwhile, Jerry Hall, 58 (left), and Dame Joan Collins, 82 (right), posed up a storm together at London's Guards Polo Club during the last day of the annual tournament - an hour away from the royals  





 A navy-clad Ms Hall was clutching a glass of wine and a cigarette as Ms Collins grinned wearing head to toe pale pink and sporting a statement hat 





 





The exuberant pair have been close friends for years, and are regularly spotted partying together   





 Donna Air covered up in a pale pink ankle-length dress worn over a high-necked white shirt and finished her outfit with a classic Chanel bagDonna Air covered up in a pale pink ankle-length dress worn over a high-necked white shirt and finished her outfit with a classic Chanel back.She was seen chatting animatedly to Cartier UK's managing director Laurent Feniou, responsible for sponsoring the event since 2012.Her boyfriend of two years, the Duchess of Cambridge's brother James Middleton, was no where to be seen.Prince William and Harry's best friend Guy Pelly, 33, was there with his wife of one year, Lizzy Wilson, 32; who wore a nude shift dress under a navy coat which matched her husband's suit.  





 She was seen chatting to Cartier UK's managing director Laurent Feniou, responsible for sponsoring the event since 2012 





 





Former model Jodie Kidd was on hand to throw some glamorous poses, sporting a navy dress, flat sandals and turquoise nails  





 Prince William and Harry's best friend Guy Pelly, 33, was there with his wife of one year, Lizzy Wilson, 32; who wore a nude shift dress under a navy coat which matched her husband's suit.Former model Jodie Kidd was on hand to throw some glamorous poses, sporting a navy dress, flat sandals and turquoise nails.Rising actress Genevieve Gaunt, the 24-year-old British star of The Face of an Angel looked splendid in a cream fit-and-flare frock and floppy pale pink hat.Society darlings Lady Violet and Lady Alice Manners, frequently seen glued to the hip at parties, carried identical bags - one in cream and the other in sky blue.Lady Violet wore a cascading white layered sun dress, while her sister went for a green sleeveless number.  





 Society darlings Lady Violet and Lady Alice Manners, frequently seen glued to the hip at parties, carried identical bags - one in cream and the other in sky blue  





 Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer wore a beige belted shirt dress 





 





Amber Le Bon, 25 (left), was pretty in pink, while rising British actress Genevieve Gaunt, 24 (right), looked splendid in a cream fit-and-flare frock and floppy pale pink hat  





 Actress Emily Mortimer, 43, attended the event dressed in khaki with her husband Alessandro Nivola, 42, and daugher May RosePrincess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer wore a beige belted shirt dress, while Amber Le Bon was pretty in pink.Actress Emily Mortimer, 43, attended the event dressed in khaki with her husband Alessandro Nivola, 42, and daugher May Rose. Other attendees included Boris Becker and his wife Lily, TV survivalist Bear Grylls with his wife Shara, and Lord and Lady March.The finals this afternoon will see two teams, the King Power Foxes and the Dubai Polo Team, battle it out for the winning cup.Her Royal Highness the Queen historically attends the finals to present the cup, as she has done since 1960.  





 TV survival expert Bear Grylls with his wife Shara, is clearly enjoying the novelty of drinking from a glass rather than a stream or gourd



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








35k
shares











      Most watched News videos          Passengers cheer as rowdy women are kicked off Ryanair flight         Horrifying moment carriage comes off Fire Ball ride in mid-air         Charlie Gard holds card bearing the words 'two weeks old today'         Huge shark jumps aboard fishing boat and gets stuck on deck         The dramatic moment John McCain defeats ‘skinny’ Obamacare         Skiing video posted by Toni Terry revealing they weren't at home         Touching moment Charlie Gard looks up at camera in peak health         Cruise ship victim Kristy Manzanares featured in real estate video         Moment Charlie Gard's parents spend quality time by his side         'I'm not that old': Student defends talking to a teen for sex         Emergency services at supermarket stabbing crime scene in Hamburg         Giant angry huntsman spider terrorises family         





       Hair to the throne: The Queen honours her long-serving...      Harry's all mine! Meghan's protective arm and her £5,000...      Duchess of Kent comes out from the shadows to attend...      Daring duchess! Kate ditches the demure look to flaunt...      'The ring? It's just one she always wears': Eugenie says...      Diana's 'deep regret' over her BBC 'victim' interview:...      Sorry, one doesn't high five with commoners: Canada's PM...      'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran...      Frantic pleas by Charles, an honour from Her Majesty and...      EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry's new girl heads for lunch in...      Eating lunch off her lap, the Queen as you've never seen...      Queen 'at the centre of row between her sons as Prince...      Queen's final goodbye to her beloved cousin: Her Majesty...      The playboy princes who put Harry to shame! New drama to...      Is Charles locked in a Battle Royal with Carole over...      Why I fear the monarchy will die with the Queen: A...      Royal brothers at war: A new film tells of George VI's...      'Put to the test, the UK has been resolute in the face of...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 3691

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have been moderated in advance.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories







































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 






















William George Co., Inc. ~ Brands
































William George Co., Inc.



 Visit us on Facebook 

 
					







Our Brands


Advance/Pierre Foods



Albertville Quality Foods



Allen Canning



American Seafood



Armour - Ekrich



Baron Spices



Basic American Foods



Beaver Street Fisheries



Best Maid Cookie Company



Best Maid Pickles



Bob Evans Farms Owens



Bosco Pizza



Bridgford Foods



Bush Brothers



C H Guenther



Cajun Chef



Campbell's Soup Company



Carolina - Butterball turkey



Cavendish Farms



Clabber Girl



Clements Foods



Clown Gysin



Coca Cola Company



Conagra Gilardi



Country Pure



Daisy Brand



Dart Container Corporation



Detergent Marketing Systems



Diamond Crystal



Dispozo



Diversifoods



DJ's Boudain



Doguet's Rice Milling



Durham Pecans



Eddy Packing



Farmland Foods



Feather Crest Farms



First Foods



Flower's Bakery



Foodhandler



Foster Farms



French's Foodservice



FryFoods



Gehl's



General Mills



Gilster-Mary Lee



Good Old Days



Heinz



Hol in One



Holten Meat



Hot Springs 



Hunt Wesson



Idaho Pacific



Imperial Sugar



Inteplast



J & J Snacks



JM Smucker



John Morrell



Keebler/Kellogs



Kraft Foods / Nabisco



Lagasse Sweet



Lamb-Weston



Land O' Lakes



Landes



LeChi



Leon's Texas Cuisine



Lone Star Donuts



Louisiana Fish Fry



Malt O Meal



Manchester Farms



Mars Foodservices



McCain Snacks



MJM 



Moody Dunbar



Mountain Valley Farms



Mrs. Wheat's 



Natchitoches Meat Pie Company



Neil Jones Tomatoes



Nestle Handheld



OK Foods



Ozarka Water



Pan Saver



Papercraft R3 Bunzl



Parway Tryson



Pennant Foods



Pie in the Sky



Pilgrims Pride



Pillsbury



Pittsburg Hot Links



Producers Rice Mill



Reily Foods



Rich's Products



Rodriguez Foods



Royal Paper



Ruiz Foods



Sadler's BBQ



Sara Lee Foodservice



Savannah Foods



Schreiber Foods



Schwan's Foodservice



Seneca Foods



Sunny Fresh



Superior Catfish



Sweet Mesquite Bakery



Taste Traditions



Tetley Tea



Tony Chachere's



Tulkoff



Tyson



Vanee Foods



Ventura Foods



Windsor Foods







