

Be Wary of Gero Vita, A. Glenn Braswell, and Braswell's 'Journal' of Longevity







  




  

Home
Search




 



Your Guide to Quackery, Health Fraud, and Intelligent Decisions
Send 
				  This Page to a Friend      













Be Wary of Gero Vita, A. Glenn Braswell, 
and Braswell's 'Journal' of Longevity
  Stephen Barrett, M.D.

  Almon Glenn Braswell  (1943-2006) sold pills and potions through the mail.
      He probably took in  more money
      and more people than any similar marketer in U.S. history. This
      article details what he did, looks at  connections
  he had with prominent politicians, and describes some of the actions law enforcement took against him. 
Most of Braswell's marketing was done under the name Gero
      Vita International, which offered a large line of "dietary
      supplements" from its Web site and by mail. Its brochures
       described the comnpany as "specialists in ailment-targeted natural
      formulas." In 1988, the company and its sister corporations
      began blanketing the country with mailings under various
      names and addresses in the United States and Canada. Over the years,
      I have collected solicitations ostensibly from Gero Vita Laboratories,
      Life Force Laboratories, Vita Industries, Health Quest Publications,
      Rein Anton, MD, PhD, James
      F. Balch Jr, MD, Hyla
      Cass, MD, Benjamin Friedrich, MD, Jay Gordon, MD, and Joseph
      D. Weissman, MD. Although many of the solicitations had a Canadian
      return address, all of the products were packaged and shipped
  from within the United States. 
The late Ted Ponich, who was G.B. Data's chief operating officer
      from 1997 through 1998, believed that Gero Vita was  the
      biggest direct marketer of health products in the United States,
      with 20 million mailings per month and 1998 sales of about about
      $170 million [1]. A 2000 ad for a sales director stated that
      G.B. Data Systems was grossing $250 million annually. The products contained vitamins, minerals, herbs, and/or other
      supplement ingredients that are promoted with claims related
      to allergies, prostate trouble, arthritis, digestive disorders,
      blood sugar balance, bone and joint health, memory, vascular
      health, "detoxification," weight management, immune
      support, anti-aging, sexual enhancement, and much more.

Purchase of any product entitled
            the buyer to a free one-year subscription (available separately
            for $39.95) to the Journal
            of Longevity (previously called the Journal of Longevity
            Research), a monthly magazine that Braswell published. The
            magazine's advisory board included several well-known promoters
            of quackery. Each issue contained articles suggesting that many
            diseases are caused by nutrient shortages and that various substances
            are therapeutic. Products containing these supplements could be
            obtained by calling a toll-free number or submitting an order
            form located in the magazine.
Some of the products may have had some effectiveness (though overpriced), but most were promoted 
			with misleading claims. Evaluation of the individual products was difficult because their ingredients 
			were not listed in the ads, but it is clear that many of the advertised claims went far beyond what was possible. 
			One brochure for its product "Prostata," for example, claimed that (a) prostate enlargement can be treated successfully with 
			zinc supplements; (b) the side effects of drugs prescribed to shrink the prostate are almost as bad as the prostate disorder itself; 
			(c) saw palmetto, in addition to relieving prostate symptoms, might also be an aphrodisiac; (d) another herbal ingredient 
			reduced enlarged prostate problems in "as high as 66% of cases" and has no significant side effects; 
			(e) it is important to take Prostata "before it is too late." The last page of the brochure contained 
			pictures of six movie stars, three prominent athletes, and a former chief executive officer of Time Warner, 
			who either "waited too long and died from prostate problems!" or "waited too long and are suffering." 
			Some in the latter group sued Braswell for misrepresentation and for improperly using their name and picture for marketing purposes.
 

 


Another product, Gero-Vita GH3, was said to be an anti-aging
      formula based on the work of Anna Aslan, a Rumanian physician
      who developed Gerovital H3, an injectable product she claimed
      was "the secret of eternal vigor and youth." Its principal
      ingredient was procaine, a local anesthetic. Although many uncontrolled
      studies have reported great benefits from the use of GH3, controlled
      trials have failed to demonstrate any improvement in elderly
      patients. Noting that para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) and diethylaminoethanol
      (DMAE) appear in the urine of people receiving procaine injections,
      a few American manufacturers have been selling procaine tablets
      containing PABA and/or DMAE with false claims similar to those
      made for GH3. The FDA has taken regulatory action against several
      companies marketing "GH3" products, but other brands
      still are marketed.
Braswell's  Gero-Vita GH3 formula contained PABA, DMAE,
      and several vitamins and minerals. A Gero Vita brochure—"Stop
      the Clock! Scientists Say: You Can Live 20% Longer and Healthier!"—contained 35 testimonials that Gero-Vita GH3 relieved arthritis,
      caused leg swelling to disappear, improved sex life, lowered
      blood pressure, turned hair darker, improved memory, softened
      skin, sped healing, relieved back pain, improved endurance, stabilized
      growth of a cataract, and made people look much younger. However,
      there is no reason to believe that any ingredient in the product
      could produce any of these effects.
For several years, Braswell's Vita Industries sent solicitations
      for Gero-Vita GH3 that resembled an ordinary large, two-sided
      newspaper page with a "handwritten" note addressing
      the recipient by first name and "signed" with someone's
      initial. (One in my files, for example, stated: "Dear Dorothy,
      You've got to try this. It works! J.") Ads of this type are
      designed to make the recipient think they come from someone they
      know. However, recipients might also be upset by the thought that
      the sender thinks they look too old.
In 1992, the Iowa Attorney General obtained a consent decree
      and injunction barring Vita Industries from promoting, selling,
      or advertising any drug or nutriotional product that had not
      been shown to be safe and effective by at least two well-designed
      scientific studies and is generally recognized as safe and effective
      for its intended purpose. The company was also assessed $25,000
      and ordered to make full refunds to any consumer who complained
      within 30 days after the order was issued. It was also barred
      from marketing its products in Iowa [2]. Later that year, after
      it sent solicitations to an investigator from the Attorney General's
      office, the company signed a second consent agreement to pay $6,000
      to the state's Elderly Fund [3]
In 1995, the National Advertising Division of the Council
      of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. announced that Gero Vita International
      had failed to substantiate advertising for a GH3 Anti-Aging Pill,
      which had claimed:

"New Anti-Aging Pill Stops Aches, Pains, Fatigue, Depression,
        Improves Memory, Skin Tone and Sex Drive!"
        "Grey Hair Gone!"
        "Reduces Chance of Heart Attack by 83%!"
        "People Taking Gero H3 Lived 29% Longer!" [4]
      
In 1995, the FDA banned the importation of all of Gero Vita's
      products marketed with claims that they can prevent or treat
      disease. In 1997, the ban was extended to cover Life Force Laboratories
      [5]. The ban was set up because many of the mailings used a Canadian
      ordering address for Gero Vita Laboratories, which suggested
      that the company was located in Canada. The ban was not 
      effective, however, because the Canadian locations simply forwarded
  the orders, which were filled from within the United States.
Gero Vita  also invited doctors to
      join its Medi-Plex Physicians Nutrition Network, which would
      enable them to buy its products at 40% to 50% discounts for resale
      to their patients.
One reason for Braswell's commercial success was his association
      with health professionals whom he listed as advisors and/or authors
      of articles in his publications. Some of them were also quoted
      with their picture in his advertising brochures. A 1999 brochure
      stated that the chairman of Gero Vita's medical advisory board
      was Murray Susser, MD, who practiced in California. In 1995,
      Susser was charged with unprofessional conduct, gross negligence,
      incompetence, repeated negligent acts, and excessive use of diagnostic
      procedures. The complaint charged that he had failed to diagnose
      gallstones in one patient and colon cancer in two others. In
      each case, he ordered inappropriate tests, failed to order appropriate
      tests, and prescribed vitamins and other inappropriate treatment.
      In 1997, Susser signed a stipulated settlement under which he
      paid $15,000 for costs and served three years on probation [6,7].
      In January 1998, he surrendered his New York State medical license
      without contesting that he had been disciplined by the Medical
      Board of California for gross negligence and incompetence. Another
      Gero Vita advisor, James
      R. Privitera, MD, was convicted in 1975 of conspiring
      to prescribe and distribute laetrile (a
      quack cancer remedy) and was sentenced to six months in prison.
      In 1980, after the appeals process ended, he served 55 days in
      jail but was released after being pardoned by California Governor
      Jerry Brown. Privitera was sanctioned by California's
      licensing board. Others listed as Medi-Plex advisory board members
      have included: Hans J. Kugler, PhD; Douglas Hunt, PhD, Yuguo Ni, LicAc;
      Ilona Abraham, MD; Ronald DiSalvo, PhD, Joseph Weissman, MD;
      Paul Yutsis, PhD; Donald C. Thompson, MD, DPh; Carol Uebelacker,
      MD; Ronald Lawrence, MD, PhD; Gary S. Ross, MD; and Daniel Mowrey,
      PhD. For more details about Braswell's advisors, click
      here.
Background History
During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Braswell marketed many
      products claimed to cure baldness, enlarge the female breast,
      delay the aging process, cause weight loss, remove "cellulite,"
      and improve the growth and appearance of fingernails. Anyone
      who purchased at least $9.50 worth of the products was given
      a free 18-month subscription to Body Forum, a magazine
      filled with ads and supportive editorial content—the same
      set-up used for the Journal of Longevity.
Braswell  holds the record as the person against whom
      the Postal Service filed the largest number of health-related
      false representation complaints. As a Postal Service official
      summarized at a Congressional hearing in 1984:

One hundred and thirty-eight false representation complaints
        were filed against 50 different medical-cosmetic products marketed
        by Braswell, Inc., through a multitude of addresses in Atlanta,
        GA and Fort Lauderdale, FL. These cases were concluded through
        32 false representation orders and 15 consent agreements. . .
        . Evidence in one case revealed that Braswell received over $2
        million for a worthless baldness cure in one six-month period.
        Mr. Braswell pled guilty to mail fraud charges involving the
        faking of before and after advertising photographs purportedly
        revealing the results of bust developer, hair growth and cosmetic
        products, and was sentenced to five years' probation. He was
        also sentenced to a three-year prison term for Federal income
        tax evasion and perjury charges developed during our mail fraud
        investigation [8].
At the hearing, Braswell said his corporations had probably
      grossed over $75 million in 12 years.


This ad, which appeared in the August 1980 issue of Body
            Forum, was one of many he used to market vitamin tablets
            and lotions as baldness remedies. The ad falsely claimed that
            hereditary baldness was caused by nutritional shortages and could
            be halted by a hair lotion called Biogenesis. The ad featured
            pictures that supposedly represented the appearance of a many's
            scalp before and after using the product.
Male-pattern baldness is responsible for 95% of all hair loss
            in men and also occurs in women. Although a specific cause cannot
            be identified, it is probably related to hereditary factors (especially
            among Caucasians), an excess of male hormones (androgens) such
            as testosterone, and possibly attacks on scalp hair follicles
            by the body's immune system. Nutritional deficiencies are not
            a factor, and there is no reason to believe that Braswell's lotion
            stimulated hair growth. Although the ad claimed that European
            doctors had reported an 80% success rate in experiments, medical
            experts who investigated this claim concluded that the studies
            did not provide sufficient basis for such a claim [9].
            The Administrative Law Judge decisions against Braswell and his former companies are posted in full 
			on the U.S. Postal Service Web site. To access them, search for "Cosvetic" ""Peak Labs," "
		  Earthquest," "Standard Research," "Vangault Labs," or "Quest Research."          

 


In 1983, Braswell and his companies settled FTC charges that
      they did not have adequate scientific evidence that their hair-loss
      products worked and and that they had not paid refunds as promised
      to their customers. Under a court-approved agreement, the parties
      agreed to pay $610,000 in penalties and were permanently barred
      from making performance or efficacy claims for any product or
      service without reliable scientific evidence to substantiate
      the claim [10].
Curiously, Biogenesis and several of Braswell's other products
      are still being marketed today. In 2001, an article on the
  Club Head Start Web site stated that when Braswell ceased operations in 1983, Vitamin Products International      was formed "to take over ongoing operation of the business."
Political Connections
Braswell  had connections to George W. Bush and George's brother Jeb Bush, when he was Governor of Florida. Braswell and his companies have donated a total of
      at least $220,000 to their campaigns and to the Republican Party:

Date

Amount
Donor
Recipient


7/13/98
20,000
A. Glenn Braswell
National Republican Senatorial Committee [11]


10/13/98
25,000
A. Glenn Braswell
George W. Bush Campaign Committee [12]


7/1/99
5,000
A. Glenn Braswell
Republican Party of Florida (Federal Account) [11]


7/1/99

95,000
A. Glenn Braswell
State Committee, Republican Party of Florida [13]


11/19/99

50,000
G.B. Data Systems
Republican National Committee [14]


3/30/00
25,000
G.B. Data Systems
Republican Party of Florida [11]



The July 2000 issue of the Journal of Longevity contained an
      article by Jeb accompanied by a picture of him and George.
      The article stated (in part):

With the November elections fast approaching, healthcare is
        a top-priority issue facing candidates and voters. . . .
I have always paid close attention to the needs of seniors
        and their impact on policy reform. My brother, George W., also
        has maintained a strong focus on these seasoned veterans and
        their needs. And what need could be more important than health?
        However, today's health scene bristles with perplexing problems:
        inadequate insurance coverage, the soaring cost of prescription
        drugs, and the many restrictions of managed care.
One of the most important issues that both my brother and
        I believe will become even more critical due to this senior boom
        is integrative medicine. . . . I see it as combining the best
        elements of two worlds: the best of conventional medicine, with
        its lifesaving drugs and surgical procedures, and the best of
        alternative medicine, with its natural approaches to chronic
        diseases.
I can see this integration of the two sides of medicine already
        taking place, Driving the new partnership is the growing demand
        for therapies and nutrients that are safe and without side effects.
        . . . Further, a number of healthcare providers have found these
        therapies very cost-effective. More and more insurance companies
        are covering acupuncture, chiropractic, homeopathic, massage
        therapy, traditional Chinese medicine, and other modalities.
To reinforce the process of change, I would stress the importance
        of prevention. I advocate preventive measures to maintain wellness,
        such as regular checkups, screening tests for early detection,
        public programs to help promote healthy lifestyles, and more
        effective guidance for dealing with chronic health problems.
        Prevention also is founded on proper nutrition to maintain wellness
        and avoid disease, thereby extending life span. This means our
        seniors should have access to a full array of nutrients: the
        vitamins and minerals that tend to become depleted with age as
        well as the herbs and other natural substances that can relieve
  chronic disorders [15].
How did Jeb Bush's article wind up in Braswell's magazine?
      Bush's representatives told investigators from Newsweek and the
      St. Petersburg Times that the article they
      had submitted had been altered without their knowledge or
      consent [17,18]. But conflicting accounts  emerged:

The Times reported that Bush's policy advisers said they
        had received a call urging them to do the article from Ann Herberger,
        a Miami woman who is in charge of raising money for George W.
        Bush's presidential campaign. Herberger also served as finance
        director for Jeb Bush's campaign for governor in 1998 and headed
        up inaugural plans. Jeb's policy staff prepared the article after
        talking with the magazine's editor [17].
        Journal of Longevity editor Ron Tepper told a Newsweek reporter
        that Braswell had sought the article because both Jeb and his
        brother, George W. Bush, appeared "sympathetic to alternative
        medicine." Tepper said that one of his staff members prepared
        a draft that was given to Jeb's aids for approval [18].
      
The investigators also reported:

In South Carolina, three famous sports figures, Richard Petty,
        Stan Musial, and Len Dawson, have filed suit in federal court
        against Braswell and Gero Vita for misusing their names in advertisements
        for Prostata. The lawsuits, filed in 1997 by Charleston lawyers
        E. Vernon Glenn and Gedney M. Howe III, involve advertisements
        that identify the three sports figures among a group of men who
        "waited too long and are suffering" from prostate problems.
        The lawsuits accused Braswell,
        the magazine, and his companies of defamation, invasion of privacy,
        unfair trade practices, and intentionally inflicting emotional
        distress [17].
        In 1984, while serving his federal prison sentence, Braswell
        entered a "no contest" plea to a grand theft charge
        stemming from a burglary arrest at a home he was renting to a
        former employee in Fort Lauderdale. He was put on probation for
        two years to run concurrently with his federal sentence [17].
        Court records show that federal prosecutors in Los Angeleshad opened a criminal investigation with the IRS into some
        of Braswell's companies, including allegations involving the
        "transfer of funds" from G.B. Data to "off-shore
        accounts." According to the documents, prosecutors said
        they were also investigating allegations involving an off-shore
        trading company and alleged efforts by Braswell and his employees
        "to conceal documents" from the government [18].
      
The resultant mini-scandal apparently hhad some effect. The
      day following the above reports Republican Party officials decided
      to return $175,000 of the contributions. They also said that—as a result of inquiries made by the Times reporter—they
      had determined to return $100,000 check Braswell gave at a South
      Florida fundraiser for George W. Bush [19].
The Pardon Scandal and Further Trouble 
On his last day as President of the United States, Bill Clinton
      included Braswell among the 140 felons whom he pardoned. (The
      pardon was for Braswell's 1983 conviction.) Pardons normally
      require demonstrated good conduct for a substantial period of
      time after the criminal sentence is completed. Braswell's longstanding
      mail-order scams hardly fit that description. Many major news
      outlets  reported that he was under investigation by the FDA,
      FTC, Internal Revenue Service, and several state attorneys general
      and that a federal grand jury in Los Angeles was investigating
      him for money laundering and tax evasion [20].
As the scandal broke, dozens of reporters began trying to
      understand why Clinton pardoned Braswell. It turned out that the attorney who actually delivered the pardon
      application was Hillary Rodham Clinton's brother Hugh Rodham, who was
      promised payment of $200,000 if the pardon was granted. Bill
      Clinton stated that he was unaware of Braswell's pending
      legal troubles, and both Bill and Hillary Clinton denied knowing
      that Hugh Rodham was advocating for Braswell.
Ironically, the pardon may have served a useful purpose by
      causing regulatory agencies to give higher priority to Braswell's illegal activities.
       In 2001, the United States Senate Special Committee on Aging held
      a hearing that focused on Braswell and his misdeeds [21]. The
      hearing included testimony from a former business associate [22]
      and from an attorney who had sued Braswell on behalf of several clients
      [23].  In 2003, the FTC charged Braswell, four
      corporations, and Ron Tepper with false advertising [25]. In 2004, after having pleaded guilty to tax evasion and paid more than $10 million in back taxes, penalties and interest [26], Braswell was sentenced to 18 months in prison. A few weeks later, the FTC amended its civil complaint to add Drs. Lawrence and Kugler as defendants [27]. in June 2005, the corporations, Tepper, and Lawrence settled the charges against them by agreeing to pay a total of $605,000 and to refrain from making unsubstantiated claims for products in the future [28]. In October, Kugler agreed to pay $15,000 and to refrain from making future endorsements that are not based on competent evidence or within his represented areas of expertise [29]. 
In December 2005,  Braswell signed a stipulation under which he:

Would pay $1 million and turn over assets worth $3.5 million to settle the FTC’s charges
Could not  market or help others in the direct-response marketing of any food, dietary supplement, or drug, for which a health benefit is claimed directly or by implication (except for FDA-approved product claims) 
Was prohibited from making false or unsubstantiated claims for all health-related products and services [30]. 

In January 2006, Chase Revel, who created some of the ads, agreed to pay $27,500 for consumer redress and to post a $1 million performance bond before advertising, marketing, or selling any food, drug, dietary supplement, device, or health-related service [31]. Gero Vita  continued to market many of the products, but Braswell no longer owned it and the claims made for the products were toned down. 
Braswell died on October 26, 2006. It would be interesting to know why the FDA,
  the FTC, and the U.S. Postal Service did not try to stop his illegal activities sooner. 

Note: If you have any copies of Gero Vita's
        magazines, please send them to me at Chatham Crossing, Suite 107/208, 11312 US 15-501 North; Chapel Hill, NC 27517. 

For Further Information

Braswell's Advisory Board
More about Mail-Order Quackery

References

Fefer MD. Quack
        in my box. Seattle Weekly, Jan 6-12, 2000.
        Consent decree. State of Iowa v Vita Industries, Equity No.
        CE38-22469, Jan 21, 1992.
        Second consent decree. State of Iowa v Vita Industries, Equity
        No. CE38-22469, Sept 23, 1992.
        NAD requests discontinuance of advertising for anti-aging
        pill. News release, Council of Better Business Bureaus, June
        2, 1995.
        FDA Import Alert #66-441. Unapproved
        New Drugs Promoted In the U.S. Revised attachment, 3/19/99.
        In the matter of the accusation against Murray Susser, MD.
        First amended and supplemental accusation. Case No. 07-92-16339,
        Jan 18, 1996.
        In the matter of the accusation against Murray Susser, MD.
        Stipulated settlement and disciplinary order. Case No. 07-92-16339,
        OAH No. L-9601259, Feb 18, 1997.
        Nelson CP. Statement presented on May 31, 1984 to the United
        States House of Representatives, Select Committee on Aging, Subcommittee
        on Health and Long-term Care. In Quackery: A $10 Billion Scandal.
        Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office, 1984, pages 137-138..
        In
        the Matter of the Complaint against Cosvetic Laboratories, et
        al. or any variation thereof at P.
        O. Boxes 95543, 95544 and 95545, Atlanta, GA 30347, etc.
        Postal Service Docket No. 8/160, July 22, 1982.
        Braswell prohibited permanently
        from advertising baldness "cures" without FDA approval
        of product, under Federal Trade Commission Consent Judgment.
        FTC News Notes, Oct 4, 1983.
        Baldauf S. Bush
        donors wear big hat, give big money. In free-for-all world of
        Texas fund-raising, his backers came from largest industries.
        Christian Science Monitor, Jan 25, 2000.
        George W. Bush Campaign
        Contribution Database (search Braswell/Miami/FL)
        FECInfo Database (Site no longer online).
        Florida
        Department of State Division of Elections Database
Soft Money Update, Dec 30, 1999. FECInfo Web site, accessed 8/7/00.
        Bush J. Bush
       —A healthy future for our seniors. Journal of Longevity
        6(7):11, 2000.
        Isikoff M. The Bush family and the medicine man. Newsweek
        Web, Sept 29, 2000.
        Morgan L. Bush
        brothers pop up in potion peddler's magazine: Gov Jeb Bush bylined
        article for the journal about alternative medicine after a fundraiser
        by the owner, who's also a felon. St. Petersburg Times Online,
        Sept 29, 2000.
        Morgan L. Bush,
        GOP return felon's funds. The Texas governor's campaign said
        it didn't know about Braswell's criminal past. St. Petersburg
        Times Online, Sept 30, 2000.
        Pasternack D. Another
        dubious pardon: Why did Clinton forgive a felon under fresh investigation?
        U.S. News & World Report, Feb 12, 2001.
        Swindlers, hucksters and
        snake oil salesmen: The hype and hope of marketing anti-aging
        products to seniors. U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging.
        Sept10, 2001.
        Testimony of Mike O'Neil,
        former chief financial officer, GB Data Systems. U.S. Senate
        Special Committee on Aging hearing, Sept10, 2001.
        Testimony
        of E. Vernon F. Glenn, Esq. U.S.
        Senate Special Committee on Aging hearing, Sept10, 2001.
        Owner
        of California dietary supplement company arrested at Florida
        home on federal charges of evading payment of millions in income
        taxes. U.S. Dept. of Justice press release, Jan 14, 2003.
        A. Glenn Braswell's dietary supplement
        enterprise targeted: FTC challenges false and unsubstantiated
        claims. FTC news release, May 27, 2003
         Former owner of California dietary supplement company pleads guilty in federal tax fraud conspiracy. USDOJ news release, March 2, 2004.         
      First amended complaint. FTC vs. Braswell et al. U.S. District Court, Central District of California, Case No. CV 03-3700 DT (PJWx), filed March 31, 2004.
       Supplement marketers settle FTC charges. FTC news release, June 8, 2005.
      Settlement agreement and final order as to Hans Kugler. U.S. District Court, Central District of California, Case No. CV 03-3700 DT (PJWx). Order filed Oct 19, 2005. 
      Stipulated final order for permanent injunction and settlement of claims for monetary relief as to A. Glenn Braswell. FTC vs Braswell et al. U.S. District Court, Central District of California, Case No. CV 03-3700 DT (PJWx). Order filed Dec 28, 2005.       
      Dietary Supplement ad creator settles FTC charges: Now required to post a million-dollar performance bond. FTC news release, Jan 30, 2006.        
      
This article was revised on October 17, 2011.



Make
a Donation  |  Search All of Our Affiliated Sites 
|  Home



Links to Recommended Vendors 

Zenni Optical. High-quality eyeglasses at amazingly low prices.
Natural Medicines Comprehensive Database. Trustworthy information on dietary supplements and herbs.
PharmacyChecker.com: Compare drug prices and save money at verified online pharmacies.
ConsumerLab.com: Evaluates the quality of dietary supplement and herbal products.
Amazon.com: Discount prices, huge inventory, and superb customer service
OnlyMyEmail: Award-winning anti-spam services.
10 Types: Website design, development,
          and hosting with superb technical support.










James Gero
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for James  Gero, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



James  Gero

James Gero exports to Batista Tile Enterprise through the port of San Juan, Puerto Rico        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of James  Gero and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for James  Gero
James Gero exports to Batista Tile Enterprise through the port of San Juan, Puerto Rico


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



JAMES GERO
BOX 302305                         
CHARLOTTE AMALIE                   
ST. THOMAS           VI


BATISTA TILE ENTERPRISE INC
ROAD 1 KM 28.3, LA MUDA            
                                   
GUAYNABO             PR



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








NO MARKS
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






NC
NC


Product Description




JACUZZI (RETURNING)
JACUZZI (RETURNING)









Bill of LadingWACD1201193606  Arrival Date2012-02-19Weight (LB)182,000Weight (KG)82,554Quantity1 UNTContainer Count1Voyage No.401Port of LoadingSAINT THOMAS, ST. THOMASPort of DischargeSAN JUAN, PUERTO RICOVessel NameNORMA H IICarrier CodeWACDCountry Of OriginUS Virgin IsPlace Of ReceiptST THOMAS 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for James  Gero. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when James  Gero has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact James  Gero







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








James  Gero
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Rh Freight & Customs Brokers Pty Lt                                



                                    Marina Spices Herner-rys                                



                                    Aabb Trading, Llc 6000 Nw 97 Ave.                                



                                    Royalway Household Lim                                



                                    Filter-doc Corp                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2890
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













Board of Directors














 
HomeContactSitemap 




 
CorporateOverviewManagementBoard of DirectorsInvestor RelationsSEC FilingsAnnual Report and Proxy InformationCareersContact UsProductsOverviewSavantFeaturesBenefitsArchitectureTraceCop™TraceCop GUITraceCop DataSecure Taps™Models & SpecificationsCompliance Commander – SentryFeaturesTechnologyDeploymentSolutionsOverviewCorporate Security SolutionSocial Network Analysis & Monitoring SolutionData Privacy Risk AssessmentIdentity TheftBusiness ImperativesCost Effective SolutionFinancial Services ComplianceRegulations for NPI & PIIProactive Security StrategyMapping Regulatory RequirementsNews & EventsOverviewPress ReleasesArchived NewsEvents & WebinarsPartner & CustomersFeedbackPartnersResellersService Provider PartnersGovernment PartnersCustomersAffiliationsSupportOverviewContact Support 



 
 





 



OverviewManagementBoard of DirectorsInvestor RelationsSEC FilingsAnnual Report and Proxy InformationCareersContact Us 










					Board of Directors			

 

 





James F. Gero
James F. Gero was named a director of the Company on October 27, 2003. Mr. Gero is former Chairman of the Board and a principal stockholder of Sierra Technologies, Inc., which was formed in September 1991, and is a private investor. Mr. Gero serves on the Boards of Drew Industries, a public company which supplies a broad array of components for recreational vehicles and manufactured homes, and is Chairman of Orthofix, N.V., a publicly traded medical device manufacturer. Mr. Gero is a former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Varo Inc., a manufacturer of high technology systems. Prior to becoming Chairman and CEO of Varo Inc., Mr. Gero served as Vice President and General Manager at Allied Signal Corporation. Mr. Gero holds a B.S. degree from State University of New York, an M.B.A. degree from University of New Haven and an M.A. degree from Fairleigh Dickinson.
Donald M. Johnston
Donald M. Johnston has served as a director of the Company since November 1983. Mr. Johnston is President of Massey Burch Capital Corp., a venture capital firm. He served as President of Massey Burch Investment Group, Inc., a venture capital firm, from 1990 until December 1993 where he had been a principal since 1982. Prior to that time, Mr. Johnston was the President of InterFirst Venture Corporation, a venture capital subsidiary of Interfirst Bancshares, Inc., and the Executive Director of First Dallas, Ltd., a corporate finance group in London, England. Mr. Johnston holds a B.A. degree from Vanderbilt University and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University. 


 







 


James Gero | Professional Profile
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




James GeroStore Manager at Tractor Supply CompanyLocationMagnolia, TexasIndustryRetailCurrentTractor Supply CompanyEducationLone Star College126 connectionsView James’ full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View James’ Full ProfileJames’ ActivityPhotoJames likedCongratulations to Joseph Wunderlich on his retirement from...James likedSo true...James liked: #UPS  for the win!! Love it! #USA #independencedayJames likedOn Friday Commissioners, together with Representative Dave...James likedAnyone know a veteran? Tractor Supply Company is honoring...James likedSee all activityExperienceStore ManagerTractor Supply CompanyPresentEducationLone Star CollegeAssociate of Arts (A.A.), General StudiesAssociate of Arts (A.A.), General Studies2010  –  2014SkillsManagementTeam BuildingSalesCustomer ServiceLeadershipHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!Honors & Awards2015 Store Manager of the YearTractor Supply Co.February 2016View James’ full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact James directlyView James’ Full ProfileNot the James you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedHunter PalmerQuality Control Inspector at Palmer Tool CompanyAmy Mccreary--Jakob WellsJunior at Southern Methodist UniversityHaley BolinskyStudent at Sam Houston State UniversityChristopher PerezYork Building Products Sales Rep  - Engineered Retaining Wall Systems
Insulated Concrete Forms & Construction Materials.Gus Trampos--Elizabeth MrazAdministrative Executive/Office ManagerAmy UngerStore Manager at Tractor Supply CompanyStephen SimonOwner- SS ContractingJennifer BaylessExecutive Office ProfessionalPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different James GeroFirst NameLast NameExample:  James GeroJames Gero, CPA, CGMAGAAP Guru .... no it's GeroUnited StatesJames Gero, CPATax Senior Associate at PwCUnited Statesjames gero--United StatesJames GeroManager at TSCUnited StatesJames GeroField Supervisor at EthosEnergy GroupUnited StatesMore professionals named James GeroLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















   James Gero | Tractor Supply Company | ZoomInfo.com














		CRI 1985 - GERO, JAMES F.
	












About GPO
	 
	| 
	  
	Newsroom/Media
	 
	| 
	 
	Congressional Relations
	 
	| 
	 
	Inspector General
	 
	| 
	 
	Careers
	 
	| 
	 
	Contact
	 
	| 
	 
	askGPO
	 
	| 
 
Help
 	

 

Home
 
| 
 
Customers
 
| 
 
Vendors
 
| 
 
Libraries
 







 		FDsys: GPO's Federal Digital System
 	




    	About FDsys
    



 		Search Government Publications
 	



 		Browse Government Publications
 	



 		FDsys Tutorials and Webinars
 	





 


FDsys >


		
	
	More Information 







                                            Search Government Publications
                                        

                                            (Search string is required)
                                        


Advanced Search
Retrieve by Citation
Help






 














 



 








                Actions
            



Browse Congressional Record Index



                		    More Information about Congressional Record Index
                		



                			View in Catalog of U.S. Government Publications
                		



                			Find at a local Federal depository library
                		


Purchase your own copy



                            Email a link to this page
                        



                    View Related Publications
                


Congressional Bills


Congressional Record


Congressional Record (Bound)


History of Bills


House Journal





 


                	    CRI 1985 - GERO, JAMES F.




            Download Files
        



                                        Formats 
                                    Text (1 KB)



                                        Descriptive Metadata
                                    MODS



                                        Authenticity Metadata
                                    PREMIS



                                            All Format & Metadata Files
                                        ZIP file




            Metadata
        


CategoryProceedings of Congress and General Congressional Publications


CollectionCongressional Record Index


SuDoc Class NumberX 1.1/A:


Congress99th Congress, 1st Session
                    




    			Document in Context
    		


Congressional Record Index (1985): 



        	            View Entire Index
        	        

Text | More





G. HEILEMAN BREWING CO.


Text | More





G.D. SEARLE & CO.


Text | More





GABBERT, STEPHEN


Text | More





GABBETT, PATRICIA


Text | More





GADSDEN COUNTY, FL


Text | More





GAERTNER, GEORG


Text | More





GAFFANEY, KEITH M.


Text | More





GAFFKE, HOWARD


Text | More





GAFFNEY, SC


Text | More





GAFFNEY (SC) LEDGER


Text | More





GAGE, P.S.


Text | More





GAGNON, JEFFREY M.


Text | More





GAILANI, HASSAN


Text | More





GAILLARD, BERNARD


Text | More





GAINES, ROWDY


Text | More





GAINES-CARTER, PATRICE


Text | More





GAINESVILLE, FL


Text | More





GAINESVILLE (FL) SUN


Text | More





GAINEY, JASON W.


Text | More





GAISER, C. DEAN


Text | More





GAJANSKAS, BALYS


Text | More





GAJAUSKAS, BALYS


Text | More





GALANG, JOSE


Text | More





GALANTE, MARY A.


Text | More





GALANTY, WALTER E., JR.


Text | More





GALAYDA, JOE


Text | More





GALBRAITH, JOHN K.


Text | More





GALCIU, GHEORGHE


Text | More





GALE, LARRY R.


Text | More





GALENA, IL


Text | More





GALES, GARY L.


Text | More





GALESBURGH, IL


Text | More





GALLAUDET COLLEGE


Text | More





GALLAWAY, LOWELL


Text | More





GALLICK, RONA


Text | More





GALLINARO, WILLIAM B.


Text | More





GALLO, DEAN A. (a Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





GALLOWAY, CHRISTINE N.


Text | More





GALLUP, GEORGE, JR.


Text | More





GALLUP POLL see Public Opinion Polls


Text | More





GALPER, HARVEY


Text | More





GAM, ALLEN


Text | More





GAMBIE, LEONARD L.


Text | More





GAMBLING


Text | More





GAMMAGE, BOB (a former Representative from Texas)


Text | More





GAMMON, JOHN


Text | More





GANDER, NEWFOUNDLAND


Text | More





GANDHI, MOHANDAS K.


Text | More





GANDHI, RAJIV see India; India, Republic of


Text | More





GANEY, PETE B.


Text | More





GANGAROSA, EUGENE


Text | More





GANNETT, CRAIG A.


Text | More





GANNETT (OR) NEWS SERVICE


Text | More





GANNETT OUTDOOR CO.


Text | More





GANNON. JAMES P.


Text | More





GANNON, FRANCIS X.


Text | More





GANNON, FRANK


Text | More





GANNON, LEO J.


Text | More





GANTZER, KEVIN


Text | More





GARAY, CHARLES J.


Text | More





GARCELON, ALONZO


Text | More





GARCELON, ALONZO H.


Text | More





GARCIA, ERNEST E.


Text | More





GARCIA, HENRY


Text | More





GARCIA, ROBERT (a Representative from New York)


Text | More





GARCIA, ROBERT D.


Text | More





GARCIA, TOM


Text | More





GARDEN CITY, MI


Text | More





GARDEN CITY, NY


Text | More





GARDEN CLUBS OF AMERICA


Text | More





GARDEN GROVE, CA


Text | More





GARDENA, CA


Text | More





GARDENDALE, AL


Text | More





GARDENING


Text | More





GARDENS, CA


Text | More





GARDINER, EDWARD


Text | More





GARDINER, ME


Text | More





GARDINER, MURIEL


Text | More





GARDNER, BILL


Text | More





GARDNER, BOOTH


Text | More





GARDNER, EILEEN related term(s) Department of Education


Text | More





GARDNER, HELEN A.


Text | More





GARDNER, MARILYN


Text | More





GARDNER, REID B.


Text | More





GARDNER, RICHARD N.


Text | More





GARDNER, RITA


Text | More





GARDNER, TOM


Text | More





GARDNER, W. BOOTH (Governor of Washington)


Text | More





GARFIELD, JAMES


Text | More





GARFIELD, JAMES A. (20th President of the United States)


Text | More





GARFIELD, NJ


Text | More





GARLAND, SARA G.


Text | More





GARLAND, TX


Text | More





GARMATZ, EDWARD A. (a former Representative from Maryland)


Text | More





GARMENT, SUZANNE


Text | More





GARMISA, BENEDICT


Text | More





GARN, JAKE (a Senator from Utah)


Text | More





GARNER, RILEY


Text | More





GARRAHY, JOSEPH J. (Governor of Rhode Island)


Text | More





GARRETT, E. WYMAN


Text | More





GARRETT, WILBUR E.


Text | More





GARRISH, THEODORE J.


Text | More





GARRISON, JOHN C.


Text | More





GARRISON DIVERSION UNIT COMMISSION


Text | More





GARRITY, JOHN


Text | More





GARTEN, JEFFREY E.


Text | More





GARVEY, LESLEE


Text | More





GARVEY, MARCUS


Text | More





GARVIN, GLENN


Text | More





GARWIN, RICHARD


Text | More





GARWIN, RICHARD L.


Text | More





GARY, IN


Text | More





GARY, RODERICK


Text | More





GARY (IN) POST-TRIBUNE


Text | More





GAS APPLIANCES


Text | More





GASES


Text | More





GASOLINE see Petroleum; Power Resources


Text | More





GASOLINE STATIONS see Service Stations


Text | More





GASPARINI, DANIEL J.


Text | More





GAST, PHILIP C.


Text | More





GASTONGUAY, PAUL R.


Text | More





GATES, MARGARET J.


Text | More





GATEWAY NATIONAL RECREATION AREA, NY


Text | More





GATSKI, FRANK


Text | More





GATTON, T. HARRY


Text | More





GAUFO, EMILY G., AND FAMILY


Text | More





GAUGER, JEFF


Text | More





GAUGHAN, JOHN A.


Text | More





GAUTIER, TERRY


Text | More





GAVIN, JOSEPH G., JR.


Text | More





GAVIN, TOM


Text | More





GAVIN, WILLIAM F.


Text | More





GAVZER, BERNARD


Text | More





GAY, GREGORY A.


Text | More





GAY HEAD, MA


Text | More





GAYDOS, JOSEPH M. (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





GAYLER, NOEL


Text | More





GAYMAN, GWYNETH


Text | More





GAYOSO, JAY


Text | More





GEBHART, DAWN


Text | More





GEE, E. GORDON


Text | More





GEIHAS, GRIGORY


Text | More





GEISENHEIMER, WILLIAM


Text | More





GEJDENSON, SAM (a Representative from Connecticut)


Text | More





GEKAS, GEORGE W. (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





GELB, LESLIE


Text | More





GELB, LESLIE H.


Text | More





GELLER, E. SCOTT


Text | More





GELLER, WILLIAM A.


Text | More





GELLHAUS, NITA


Text | More





GELMAN, DAVID


Text | More





GEMPERLEIN, JOYCE


Text | More





GENDLER, NEAL


Text | More





GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE


Text | More





GENERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ARMS CONTROL AND DISARMAMENT


Text | More





GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TARIFFS AND TRADE


Text | More





GENERAL AGREEMENTS ON TARIFFS AND TRADE see Foreign Trade; Tariff; Treaties


Text | More





GENERAL ASSEMBLY COUNCIL OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH


Text | More





GENERAL DYNAMICS


Text | More





GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP.


Text | More





GENERAL EDUCATION PROVISIONS ACT


Text | More





GENERAL ELECTIC


Text | More





GENERAL ELECTRIC


Text | More





GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.


Text | More





GENERAL ELECTRIC CORP.


Text | More





GENERAL FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS


Text | More





GENERAL FOODS CORP.


Text | More





GENERAL MANUFACTURING CLIMATES (publication)


Text | More





GENERAL MOTORS CORP.


Text | More





GENERAL PULASKI MEMORIAL DAY


Text | More





GENERAL RAILROAD EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES, INC.


Text | More





GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION


Text | More





GENESEE COUNTY, MI


Text | More





GENETIC ENGINEERING


Text | More





GENEVA, NY


Text | More





GENEVA, SWITZERLAND


Text | More





GENOCIDE


Text | More





GENOCIDE CONVENTION see United Nations


Text | More





GENSCHER, HANS-DIETRICH


Text | More





GENTRY, TOM


Text | More





GENTZ, BILL


Text | More





GENUSOV, GREGORY


Text | More





GEOLOGICAL SURVEY related term(s) Department of the Interior; Department of the Interior


Text | More





GEORGE, CLARE see CIA


Text | More





GEORGE, SUTHERLAND


Text | More





GEORGE, ZELMA W.


Text | More





GEORGE S. PATTON DAY


Text | More





GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY


Text | More





GEORGETOWN, MS


Text | More





GEORGETOWN (magazine)


Text | More





GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY


Text | More





GEORGI, DIETER


Text | More





GEORGIA


Text | More





GEORGIADOU, EUDOKIA


Text | More





GEORGIA-PACIFIC CORP.


Text | More





GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES related term(s) Power Resources


Text | More





GEOTHERMAL STEAM ACT


Text | More





Gephardt, Gingrich


Text | More





GEPHARDT, RICHARD A. (a Representative from Missouri)


Text | More





GEPPI, COSIMO, SR.


Text | More





GERARD, JAMES W., II


Text | More





GERARD, JEAN B.S.


Text | More





GERBER, ALAN J.


Text | More





GERDES, KENDALL


Text | More





GERDON, SHAWN M.


Text | More





GEREBEN, ISTVAN B.


Text | More





GERHARDT, ROY


Text | More





GERIATRIC RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND TRAINING ACT


Text | More





GERMAN AMERICANS


Text | More





GERMAN TRIBUNE (Federal Republic of Germany newspaper)


Text | More





GERMAN-AMERICAN TRICENTENNIAL COMMISSION


Text | More





GERMANY, DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF


Text | More





GERMANY, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF


Text | More





GERMOND, JACK W.


Text | More





GERNEY, BRIGITTE


Text | More





GERO, JAMES F.


Text | More





GERSHMAN, CARL


Text | More





GERSHON, BILL


Text | More





GERSHON, DAVID


Text | More





GERSHWIN, GEORGE


Text | More





GERSHWIN, GEORGE AND IRA


Text | More





GERSHWIN, IRA


Text | More





GERSTEIN, RICHARD


Text | More





GERTH, JEFF


Text | More





GERTZ, BILL


Text | More





GESIK, LISA D.


Text | More





GETLER, MICHAEL


Text | More





GETSON, JACOB


Text | More





GETTLER, ALEXANDER O.


Text | More





GEYELIN, PHILIP


Text | More





GEYER, ENRIQUE B.


Text | More





GEYER, GEORGIE A.


Text | More





GEYER, GEORGIE ANNE


Text | More





GHINIS, BORIS AND IRENE


Text | More





GHOUGASSIAN, JOSEPH


Text | More





GI BILL see Education; Veterans


Text | More





GIACCO, ALEXANDER F.


Text | More





GIAGO, TIM


Text | More





GIAMATTI, A. BARTLETT


Text | More





GIAMPAOLI, MARINO AND CARLO


Text | More





GIANCASPERO, WALDEMAR N. AND ROSA A.


Text | More





GIANELLI, WILLIAM R.


Text | More





GIANT FOOD CO.


Text | More





GIBBENS, W. BLAIR


Text | More





GIBBONS, BOYD


Text | More





GIBBONS, JAMES F.


Text | More





GIBBONS, JOHN H.


Text | More





GIBBONS, JOSEPH


Text | More





GIBBONS, SAM (a Representative from Florida)


Text | More





GIBSON, EDWARD


Text | More





GIBSON, KENNETH A.


Text | More





GIBSON, W.F.


Text | More





GIDEON, RUSSELL S.


Text | More





GIDRON, RICHARD D.


Text | More





GIDWITZ, GERALD


Text | More





GIERINGER, WALLACE A.


Text | More





GIERSDORF, ROBERT


Text | More





GIFFORD, SANDRA


Text | More





GIFTED AND TALENTED CHILDREN AND YOUTH EDUCATION ACT


Text | More





GIFTED AND TALENTED CHILDREN'S EDUCATION ACT


Text | More





GIFTS


Text | More





GIG HARBOR, WA


Text | More





GILA RIVER


Text | More





GILBANE, THOMAS F.


Text | More





GILBANE BUILDING CO.


Text | More





GILBERT, ALBERT C.


Text | More





GILBERT, JAMES H.


Text | More





GILBERT, MARK


Text | More





GILDER, GEORGE


Text | More





GILL, JOHN M.


Text | More





GILLANI, MURADALI P., AND FAMILY


Text | More





GILLASPY, JAMES A.


Text | More





GILLEN, CATHLEEN M.


Text | More





GILLESPIE, CHARLES A., JR.


Text | More





GILLETT, CHARLES


Text | More





GILLIAM, DOROTHY


Text | More





GILLIAM, HAROLD


Text | More





GILLIS, MALCOLM


Text | More





GILLYARD, RONALD


Text | More





GILMAN, BENJAMIN A. (a Representative from New York)


Text | More





GILMAN, HANK


Text | More





GILMORE, CURTIS D.


Text | More





GILROY (CA) DISPATCH


Text | More





GILSON, CHRIS


Text | More





GINDICK, TIA


Text | More





GINGRICH, NEWT (a Representative from Georgia)


Text | More





GINN, RONALD B. (BO) (a former Representative from Georgia)


Text | More





GINSBERG, LEON H.


Text | More





GINSBURG, DOUGLAS H.


Text | More





GINZTEN, EDWARD L.


Text | More





GIORDANO, ANN


Text | More





GIOVANNI, MARY


Text | More





GIOVANNINI, JOSEPH


Text | More





GIRAULT, JEAN-MARIE


Text | More





GIRGENTI, JOHN A.


Text | More





GIRGIS, WAGIH R.


Text | More





GIRL SCOUTS


Text | More





GIRLS CLUBS OF AMERICA


Text | More





GIUFFREDA, LOUIS


Text | More





GIUFFRIDA, LOUIS O.


Text | More





GIULIANI, PETER


Text | More





GLACIER NATIONAL PARK, MT


Text | More





GLADISH, HARRY F., SR.


Text | More





GLADSTONE, STEVE


Text | More





GLAMOUR (magazine)


Text | More





GLASER, KAREN


Text | More





GLASER, VERA


Text | More





GLASGOW, DOUGLAS G.


Text | More





GLASS, DAVID


Text | More





GLASSER, MELVIN A.


Text | More





GLASSPORT, PA


Text | More





GLASTONBURY, CT


Text | More





GLATTER, MORRIS G.


Text | More





GLEAVES, A.


Text | More





GLEN COVE, NY


Text | More





GLEN ELLYN, IL


Text | More





GLENCOE, PA


Text | More





GLENDALE, CA


Text | More





GLENDALE, KY


Text | More





GLENDALE HEIGHTS, IL


Text | More





GLENN, DENISE


Text | More





GLENN, JOHN (a Senator from Ohio)


Text | More





GLENNON, JOSEPH F.


Text | More





GLENOLDEN, PA


Text | More





GLENS FALLS, NY


Text | More





GLENVILLE STATE COLLEGE


Text | More





GLENWOOD, IA


Text | More





GLENWOOD LANDING, NY


Text | More





GLICKMAN, DAN (a Representative from Kansas)


Text | More





GLIMM, FRANCIS X.


Text | More





GLITMAN, MAYNARD W.


Text | More





GLOBAL ECONOMIC ACTION INSTITUTE


Text | More





GLOBAL TOMORROW COALITION


Text | More





GLOBESCOPE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY


Text | More





GLOUCESTER, MA


Text | More





GLOUCESTER, NJ


Text | More





GLOUCESTER COUNTY, NJ


Text | More





GLOUCESTER COUNTY (NJ) TIMES


Text | More





GLOUCESTER TOWNSHIP (NJ) COURIER-POST


Text | More





GLOVER, LYDIA E.


Text | More





GLUCK, EDGAR


Text | More





GLUNS, MARY D.


Text | More





GLUNS, MARY DePAUL


Text | More





GLUZMAN, SEMYON, AND FAMILY


Text | More





GNAMRIK, RUNGRAK


Text | More





GODA, MASOYOSHI, AND FAMILY


Text | More





GODET, SIDNEY


Text | More





GODOWSKY, FRANCES G.


Text | More





GODOY, VIRGILIO


Text | More





GODSON, ROY


Text | More





GOELLER, DAVID


Text | More





GOESON, JUNE A.


Text | More





GOETTELMANN, ROD


Text | More





GOETZ, BERNHARD


Text | More





GOFF, WILLIAM E.


Text | More





GOLAND, MICHAEL


Text | More





GOLD related term(s) Department of the Treasury


Text | More





GOLD, GERALD


Text | More





GOLD, PHILIP


Text | More





GOLD COMMISSION


Text | More





GOLDBERG, ALEXANDER


Text | More





GOLDBERG, ARTHUR


Text | More





GOLDBERG, ARTHUR J.


Text | More





GOLDBERG, BETHANY L.


Text | More





GOLDBERG, DEBBIE


Text | More





GOLDBERG, SHELDON L.


Text | More





GOLDBERG, STELLA


Text | More





GOLDEN, HARRISON J.


Text | More





GOLDEN, HOWARD


Text | More





GOLDEN, TERENCE C.


Text | More





GOLDEN FLEECE OF THE MONTH


Text | More





GOLDEN STATE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.


Text | More





GOLDER, WENDY


Text | More





GOLDMAN, ARI L.


Text | More





GOLDMAN, HARVEY S.


Text | More





GOLDMAN, LEE


Text | More





GOLDMAN, RALPH


Text | More





GOLDMAN SACHS & CO.


Text | More





GOLDMARK, JOHN


Text | More





GOLDMARK, PETER C., JR.


Text | More





GOLDNER, MARIAN B.


Text | More





GOLDSHTEIN, ISAI AND GRIGORY


Text | More





GOLDSMITH, BRAM


Text | More





GOLDSTEIN, ALAN


Text | More





GOLDSTEIN, BERNARD D.


Text | More





GOLDSTEIN, JOSEPH L.


Text | More





GOLDWATER, BARRY (a Senator from Arizona)


Text | More





GOLDWATER, MARGARET (PEGGY)


Text | More





GOLEMAN, DANIEL


Text | More





GOLIGHTLY, MARY L.


Text | More





GOLZMAN, GALINA


Text | More





GOMBOSSY, GEORGE


Text | More





GONELLA, ASHTON G.


Text | More





GONYON, DARYL


Text | More





GONZALES, GILBERTO


Text | More





GONZALES, HELEN C.


Text | More





GONZALEZ, CLIFF


Text | More





GONZALEZ, ELMIRA


Text | More





GONZALEZ, HENRY B. (a Representative from Texas)


Text | More





GONZALEZ, PAUL


Text | More





GOOD, ALEXANDER H.


Text | More





GOOD SAMARITAN ASSISTANCE ACT


Text | More





GOODALL, MATT


Text | More





GOODBY, JAMES


Text | More





GOODBY, JAMES E.


Text | More





GOODE, ALEXANDER D.


Text | More





GOODHUE COUNTY, MN


Text | More





GOODLING, WILLIAM F. (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





GOODMAN, ADRIANNE


Text | More





GOODMAN, ELLEN


Text | More





GOODMAN, ROY M.


Text | More





GOODPASTER, ANDREW J.


Text | More





GOODRICH, HENRY C.


Text | More





GOODRICH, JOSEPH


Text | More





GOODSEL, JAMES N.


Text | More





GOODSIR, JACK S.


Text | More





GOODSON, SAMUEL B.


Text | More





GOODWIN, B.J.


Text | More





GOODWIN, EDMUND


Text | More





GOODWIN, RICHARD N.


Text | More





GOODWIN INSTITUTE FOR CANCER RESEARCH


Text | More





GOODY, RICHARD


Text | More





GOODYEAR TIRE AND RUBBER CO.


Text | More





GOOLD, LINDA


Text | More





GORBACHEV, MICHAIL see Union of Soviet Socialist Republics


Text | More





GORBACHEV, MIKHAIL see Union of Soviet Socialist Republics


Text | More





GORDIEVSKI, OLEG A.


Text | More





GORDIMER, NADINE


Text | More





GORDINER, NADINE


Text | More





GORDIS, DAVID M.


Text | More





GORDMAN, ANDREA


Text | More





GORDON, BART (a Representative from Tennessee)


Text | More





GORDON, GREGORY


Text | More





GORDON, JAMES H.


Text | More





GORDON, MARY


Text | More





GORDON, MICHAEL R.


Text | More





GORDONSVILLE, TN


Text | More





GORE, ALBERT, JR. (a Senator from Tennessee)


Text | More





GORGAS MEMORIAL INSTITUTE OF TROPICAL AND PREVENTION MEDICINE INC.


Text | More





GORKOSKY RABOCHYI (Soviet publication)


Text | More





GORMAN, J. LEONARD


Text | More





GORMAN, PAUL


Text | More





GORMAN, PAUL F.


Text | More





GORMLEY, DENNIS


Text | More





GORNEY, CYNTHIA


Text | More





GORODETSKY, YAKOV, AND FAMILY


Text | More





GOROG, WILLIAM F.


Text | More





GORRIARAN, MANUEL


Text | More





GORRIE, JOHN


Text | More





GORTON, SLADE (a Senator from Washington)


Text | More





GOSHEN (IN) NEWS


Text | More





GOSHKO, JOHN M.


Text | More





GOSHORN, CAROLE R.


Text | More





GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN


Text | More





GOTLIEB, ALLAN


Text | More





GOTTFRIED, KURT


Text | More





GOTTSCHALK, ALFRED


Text | More





GOUCHER COLLEGE


Text | More





GOUGASSIAN, JOSEPH


Text | More





GOULD, GEORGE D.


Text | More





GOULD, ROBERT E.


Text | More





GOULETAS-CAREY, EVANGELINE


Text | More





GOUNDEN, T.L.


Text | More





GOURHAN, GIOVANNI


Text | More





GOUSE, WILLIAM M., JR.


Text | More





GOVERNMENT AGENCIES see Executive Departments; Federal Advisory Bodies; Federal Employees


Text | More





GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS see Contracts


Text | More





GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES see Federal Employees


Text | More





GOVERNMENT EXECUTIVE (publication)


Text | More





GOVERNMENT IMPELLED CARGO ACT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT IN THE SUNSHINE ACT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION


Text | More





GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE related term(s) Public Printer


Text | More





GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT PUBLICATIONS


Text | More





GOVERNMENT REGULATION


Text | More





GOVERNMENT SECURITIES related term(s) Department of the Treasury


Text | More





GOVERNMENT SECURITIES ACT see Public Securities Act


Text | More





GOVERNMENT SECURITIES ACT (H.R. 2032) see Public Securities Act (H.R. 2032)


Text | More





GOVERNMENT SECURITIES DEALERS ACT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT SECURITIES MARKET PROTECTION ACT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT-SPONSORED ENTERPRISES USER FEE ACT


Text | More





GOVERNMENT--U.S.


Text | More





GOZMAN, GALINA


Text | More





GRACE, J. PETER


Text | More





GRACE COMMISSION related term(s) President's Private Sector Survey on Cost Control


Text | More





GRACIA, ROBERTO


Text | More





GRADISON, BILL


Text | More





GRADISON, WILLIS D., JR. (a Representative from Ohio)


Text | More





GRADY, SANDRA


Text | More





GRADY, WILLIAM R.


Text | More





GRAFF, MATILDA S.


Text | More





GRAFF, THOMAS


Text | More





GRAFTON, SAMUEL


Text | More





GRAHAM, ANNE


Text | More





GRAHAM, BILL


Text | More





GRAHAM, BRADLEY


Text | More





GRAHAM, CALVIN L.


Text | More





GRAHAM, JOHN


Text | More





GRAHAM, KATHERINE


Text | More





GRAHAM, KEITH


Text | More





GRAHAM, MARTHA


Text | More





GRAHAM, ROBERT AND JANE


Text | More





GRAHAM, ROBERT (Governor of Florida)


Text | More





GRAHAM, VALERIA I.


Text | More





GRAHAM, WILLIAM R.


Text | More





GRAIN STANDARDS ACT


Text | More





GRAINGER, CINDY A.


Text | More





GRAMBLING, MI


Text | More





GRAMBLING STATE UNIVERSITY


Text | More





GRAMER, ROD


Text | More





GRAMLEY, LYLE E.


Text | More





GRAMM, PHIL (a Senator from Texas)


Text | More





GRANBURY, TX


Text | More





GRAND BLANC, MI


Text | More





GRAND HAVEN, MI


Text | More





GRAND ISLAND (NE) INDEPENDENT


Text | More





GRAND JUNCTION, CO


Text | More





GRAND JURY DISCLOSURE ACT


Text | More





GRAND RAPIDS, MI


Text | More





GRAND TRAVERSE COUNTY, MI


Text | More





GRAND TRAVERSE (MI) CITY-RECORD-EAGLE


Text | More





GRANDPARENTS OF FLORIDA


Text | More





GRANITE REEF AQUEDUCT, AZ


Text | More





GRANITE SCHOOL DISTRICT, UT


Text | More





GRANT, DONALY


Text | More





GRANT, MARION


Text | More





GRANT, MARION B. (SIS)


Text | More





GRANT, NICHOLAS J.


Text | More





GRANT, PHILIP A.


Text | More





GRANT, PHILIP A., JR.


Text | More





GRANT, ULYSSES S. (18th President of the United States)


Text | More





GRANTS PASS, OR


Text | More





GRAPHIC METHODS


Text | More





GRASING, WINFRIED H.W., AND FAMILY


Text | More





GRASSLEY, CHARLES E. (a Senator from Iowa)


Text | More





GRATZ COLLEGE


Text | More





GRAU, J'ANETTE


Text | More





GRAVES, DARLA


Text | More





GRAVES, FLORENCE


Text | More





GRAVES, HARDY L.


Text | More





GRAVES, HERBERT M.


Text | More





Gray


Text | More





GRAY, COLIN


Text | More





GRAY, COLIN S.


Text | More





GRAY, ED


Text | More





GRAY, EDWIN


Text | More





GRAY, EDWIN J.


Text | More





GRAY, FRED D.


Text | More





GRAY, GEORGIA N.C.


Text | More





GRAY, GEORGIA NEESE CLARK


Text | More





GRAY, KENNETH J. (a Representative from Illinois)


Text | More





GRAY, MARYON


Text | More





GRAY, PAUL L.


Text | More





GRAY, ROBERT


Text | More





GRAY, WALMAR


Text | More





GRAY, WILLIAM H., III (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





GRAY PANTHERS


Text | More





GRAYBEAL, SIDNEY N.


Text | More





GRAZIER, GOOLCHER


Text | More





GREAT BEND, KS


Text | More





GREAT BRITAIN see United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland


Text | More





GREAT FALLS (MT) TRIBUNE


Text | More





GREAT LAKES


Text | More





GREAT LAKES AND ST. LAWRENCE SEAWAY ADVISORY COUNCIL


Text | More





GREAT LAKES FISHERY COMMISSION


Text | More





GREAT LAKES MANAGEMENT ACT


Text | More





GREAT LAKES MANAGEMENT AND RESEARCH ACT


Text | More





GREAT LAKES PRESERVATION ACT


Text | More





GREAT NECK, NY


Text | More





GREAT RIVER


Text | More





GREAT SEAL ACT


Text | More





GREAT SEAL OF THE U.S.


Text | More





GREAT SMOKY MOUNTAINS NATIONAL PARK


Text | More





GREATER AUGUSTA ADVERTISING CLUB, INC.


Text | More





GREATER WASHINGTON BOARD OF TRADE


Text | More





GREATER YELLOWSTONE COALITION


Text | More





GREECE, REPUBLIC OF


Text | More





GREEK AMERICANS


Text | More





GREEK INDEPENDENCE DAY


Text | More





GREEK INDEPENDENCE DAY--A NATIONAL DAY OF CELEBRATION OF GREEK AND AMERICAN DEMOCRACY


Text | More





GREELEY, CO


Text | More





GREELEY, DANA M.


Text | More





GREEN, ALAN (PUNCH)


Text | More





GREEN, BETTY


Text | More





GREEN, BILL (a Representative from New York)


Text | More





GREEN, BRUCE


Text | More





GREEN, JOHN M.


Text | More





GREEN, MARK


Text | More





GREEN, MARSHALL


Text | More





GREEN, MYRTLE, G.


Text | More





GREEN, MYRTLE G.


Text | More





GREEN, STEPHEN


Text | More





GREEN, WILLIAM


Text | More





GREEN BAY, WI


Text | More





GREENBERG, DANIEL S.


Text | More





GREENBERG, IRVING


Text | More





GREENBERG, KEITH


Text | More





GREENBERG, SAMUEL


Text | More





GREENBERG, STANLEY


Text | More





GREENBERGER, ROBERT S.


Text | More





GREENBRAE, CA


Text | More





GREENBRIER, WV


Text | More





GREENE, BOB


Text | More





GREENE, J. THOMAS


Text | More





GREENE, ME


Text | More





GREENE, ROBERT E.


Text | More





GREENE, TODD


Text | More





GREENFIELD, JERRY


Text | More





GREENFIELD, MA


Text | More





GREENFIELD, MEG


Text | More





GREENFIELD, RUTH


Text | More





GREENFIELD, WAYNE


Text | More





GREENHOUSE, STEVEN


Text | More





GREENLEE, CARL


Text | More





GREENPEACE (organization)


Text | More





GREENS BAYOU, TX


Text | More





GREENSBORO, NC


Text | More





GREENSBURG, PA


Text | More





GREENSBURG (PA) TRIBUNE-REVIEW


Text | More





GREENSTEIN, MONROE H.


Text | More





GREENVILLE, KY


Text | More





GREENVILLE, SC


Text | More





GREENVILLE (KY) LEADER NEWS


Text | More





GREENVILLE (SC) NEWS


Text | More





GREENVILLE (SC) PIEDMONT


Text | More





GREENWOOD, MS


Text | More





GREENWOOD (SC) INDEX-JOURNAL


Text | More





GREER, HIRAM E.


Text | More





GREER, KENNETH


Text | More





GREER, SC


Text | More





GREGERSON, GLORIA


Text | More





GREGG, DAVID M.


Text | More





GREGG, JOHN


Text | More





GREGG, JUDD (a Representative from New Hampshire)


Text | More





GREGOR, A. JAMES


Text | More





GREGORIAN, VARTAN


Text | More





GREGORIO, SAMUEL B. AND RAQUEL L.


Text | More





GREGORSKY, FRANK


Text | More





GREGORY, WILLIAM H.


Text | More





GREHL, MICHAEL


Text | More





GREIDER, WILLIAM


Text | More





GREINER, HENRY


Text | More





GRENADA


Text | More





GREPPO, LOUIS


Text | More





GRESHAM, PERRY E.


Text | More





GRESSMAN, EUGENE


Text | More





GREYHOUND CORP.


Text | More





GRIBBON, DANIEL


Text | More





GRIBBONS, GERRY


Text | More





GRIER, PETER


Text | More





GRIESEMER, JOHN N.


Text | More





GRIEVES, IRVING J.


Text | More





GRIFFIN, GA


Text | More





GRIFFIN, MARIA


Text | More





GRIFFIN, PATRICK J.


Text | More





GRIFFIN AND BRAND OF McALLEN, INC.


Text | More





GRIFFIN-NOLAN, ED


Text | More





GRIGGS, S. DAVID


Text | More





GRIGGS & SANTOW, INC.


Text | More





GRIGORENKO, PETROL


Text | More





GRIJALVA, LEO


Text | More





GRILES, J. STEVEN


Text | More





GRIMMEL, MARY


Text | More





GRIMMEL, MARY M.


Text | More





GRIMSLEY, JAMES A.


Text | More





GROCERS' SPOTLIGHT (publication)


Text | More





GROCERY TRADE


Text | More





GROEDEN, RICK


Text | More





GROENNINGS, SVEN


Text | More





GRONVALL, JOHN A.


Text | More





GROOM, LAWRENCE K.


Text | More





GROSS, ADRAIN


Text | More





GROSS, HAROLD T.


Text | More





GROSS, JANE


Text | More





GROSS, RICHARD C.


Text | More





GROSS NATIONAL PRODUCT


Text | More





GROSS POINTE, MI


Text | More





GROSSE POINT (MI) NEWS


Text | More





GROSSE POINT WOODS, MI


Text | More





GROSSE POINTE FARMS, MI


Text | More





GROSSFELD, SHELDON H.


Text | More





GROSSI, TONY


Text | More





GROSSMAN, EDNA S.


Text | More





GROSSO, SALVATORE (SONNY)


Text | More





GROTBERG, JOHN E. (a Representative from Illinois)


Text | More





GROTH, TED


Text | More





Grothberg


Text | More





GROTHE, PETER


Text | More





GROTON, MA


Text | More





GROUND WATER PROTECTION ACT


Text | More





GROUNDHOG DAY


Text | More





GROVE CITY, MN


Text | More





GRUMMAN CORP.


Text | More





GRUNBLAT, JOSEPH


Text | More





GRUNDFEST, JOSEPH A.


Text | More





GRUNE, GEORGE V.


Text | More





GRUNWALD, SHAWN


Text | More





GRUPE, GREENLAW F.


Text | More





GRUSZKOWSKI, STANLEY


Text | More





GUAM, TERRITORY OF


Text | More





GUAM ORGANIC ACT


Text | More





GUARANTEES see Warranties


Text | More





GUARINI, FRANK J. (a Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





GUATEMALA, REPUBLIC OF


Text | More





GUDE, GILBERT (a former Representative from Maryland)


Text | More





GUEDELLA, JUAN


Text | More





GUENTHER, ED G.


Text | More





GUENTHER, KENNETH


Text | More





GUERRA, RICARDO


Text | More





GUERRA de MACEDO, CARLYLE


Text | More





GUERRERO, ESPARANZA M.


Text | More





GUERRILLA WARFARE


Text | More





GUERRY, MAURICE


Text | More





GUEST, FRANCIS S.


Text | More





GUEST, IAIN


Text | More





GUIDE DOGS FOR THE BLIND


Text | More





GUIDRY, VERNON A., JR.


Text | More





GUILLEMIN, JEANNE


Text | More





GUILLEN, ADRIANA


Text | More





GUILLEN, FRANK


Text | More





GUILMARTIN, JOHN F., JR.


Text | More





GUINN, BOB


Text | More





GUIRARD, JIM, JR.


Text | More





GUITON, HENRIETTA F.


Text | More





GULF & WESTERN INDUSTRIES, INC.


Text | More





GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE ADVISORY COMMISSION


Text | More





GULF OF MEXICO


Text | More





GULFPORT, MS


Text | More





GULICK, THOMAS G.


Text | More





GULLION, EDMUND


Text | More





GUN CONTROL ACT


Text | More





GUNDERSON, STEVE (a Representative from Wisconsin)


Text | More





GUNG-HO (magazine)


Text | More





GUNN, GEORGE F., JR.


Text | More





GUNN, HEATHER


Text | More





GUNS see Firearms; Weapons


Text | More





GUNSOLLEY, BOB


Text | More





GUNTHER, JOHN J.


Text | More





GUNTHER, KATIE


Text | More





GURNEY, JOHN C.


Text | More





GURNEY, JOHN S. (a former Senator from South Dakota)


Text | More





GURSEL, MUSTAFA


Text | More





GUSHIKEN, ARACELI


Text | More





GUSTINE, CA


Text | More





GUTHMAN, EDWIN


Text | More





GUTIERREZ, BARBARA


Text | More





GUTIERREZ, CARLOS J.


Text | More





GUTIERREZ, PAUL


Text | More





GUTIS, PHILIP S.


Text | More





GUY, RALPH B., JR.


Text | More





GUYER, FREDDIE R., II


Text | More





GUZMAN, RALPH


Text | More





GWARTNEY, JAMES D.


Text | More





GWERTZMAN, BERNARD


Text | More





GYPSY ROSE (vessel)


Text | More












					 					
				
 

 







	    732 North Capitol Street, NW, Washington, DC 20401-0001 
	     
	     
	    202.512.1800
	     
	     



	

GitHub
	     
		| 
	     
Sitemap
	     
		| 
	     
	    Bulk Data
	     
		| 
	     
	    Privacy
	     
	    | 
	     
	    Accessibility


































	
		
		
		Form  4          LCI INDUSTRIES            For: Jun 02  Filed by: GERO JAMES
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Form  4          LCI INDUSTRIES            For: Jun 02  Filed by: GERO JAMES
BY 10K Wizard— 4:09 PM ET 06/06/2017


http://archive.fast-edgar.com/20170606/AM2ZW222Z223G2Z2222M2CXGM6OTZZ229K92

Filed on: June 6, 2017





More LCII News



BRIEF-LCI Industries acquires marine and RV seating business of Lexington

						Reuters -
						




8:42 AM ET 05/22/2017


					



LCI Industries Acquires Marine And RV Seating Business Of Lexington, LLC

						PR Newswire -
						




8:30 AM ET 05/22/2017


					



LCI Industries Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend

						PR Newswire -
						




4:15 PM ET 05/08/2017


					













 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 
















































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/22/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





BOFI
Log in for Events


HAFC


AN


EARN


EPAM








SN
Log in for Events


CHKP


LHO


FIT


GTS




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 12:11 AM ET 07/22/2017







Earnings (39)
Dividends (5)
Splits (11)


Upgrades (109)
Downgrades (137)
Economic (0)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 





















































	
		
		
		LCII Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:LCII

LCI INDUSTRIES

101.90 -0.95 (-0.92 %)as of 4:02:02pm ET 07/21/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    LCI Industries Second-Quarter 2017 Conference Call Scheduled for August 4, 2017, at 11am ET
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    4:15 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


ELKHART, Ind. LCI Industries (LCII) will also host a conference call on Friday, August 4, 2017, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the results and other business matters. Participating in the conference call will be: Jason Lippert, CEO  Scott Mereness, President  Brian Hall, CFO.

















                                                    LCI Industries Acquires Italian-Based Manufacturers Metallarte And RV Doors
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:10 AM ET 07/03/2017
                                                


ELKHART, Ind. The purchase price was 14.7 million, which was paid at closing from available cash and borrowings under the Company's $200 million line of credit, plus contingent consideration based on future sales. "Metallarte is a wonderful and quickly growing European caravan components supplier," said LCI's President Scott Mereness.

















                                                    BRIEF-LCI Industries acquires marine and RV seating business of Lexington
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:42 AM ET 05/22/2017
                                                


LCI Industries (LCII): * LCI Industries (LCII) acquires marine and RV seating business of Lexington, Llc. * LCI Industries (LCII) - co's unit acquired business and certain assets of Lexington, Llc for purchase price of $40.0 million. * LCI Industries (LCII) - expect acquisition of Lexington, Llc's business and certain assets to be immediately accretive to LCI's earnings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    LCI Industries Acquires Marine And RV Seating Business Of Lexington, LLC
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    8:30 AM ET 05/22/2017
                                                


ELKHART, Ind. "We are excited to add Lexington's business and employees to our growing portfolio of furniture solutions for the marine, RV and adjacent industries," said LCI's President Scott Mereness.

















                                                    LCI Industries Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    4:15 PM ET 05/08/2017
                                                


ELKHART, Ind. The dividend is payable on June 2, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 19, 2017.

















                                                    BRIEF-LCI INDUSTRIES Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.71
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    7:46 AM ET 05/04/2017
                                                


LCI Industries (LCII). * LCI INDUSTRIES REPORTS 2017 FIRST QUARTER RESULTS. * Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.71. * Q1 SALES $498 MILLION VERSUS I/B/E/S VIEW $491.2 MILLION. * APRIL SALES ROSE 15 PERCENT TO $167 MILLION. * Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.66 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    LCI Industries Reports 2017 First Quarter Results
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 05/04/2017
                                                


ELKHART, Ind. The increase in year-over-year net sales reflects industry-wide growth in wholesale shipments of towable and motorized RVs by OEMs, which increased 12 percent and 16 percent, respectively, in the first quarter of 2017, enhanced by acquisitions completed by the Company over the twelve months ended March 31, 2017, which added $17 million in net sales in the first quarter of 2017.












Page: 


Page 1





Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
4


LCII to announce Q2 earnings Before Market (Confirmed)








Aug
4


LCII Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 AM
        Listen









Past Events (last 90 days)




May
25


Shareholders Meeting








May
17


LCII ex-Dividend for $0.50 on 5/17/2017


Announce Date: 5/8/2017
Record Date: 5/19/2017
Pay Date: 6/2/2017








Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.










403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






James Gero: Veromi's People Search and Business Directory
























People SearchBackground CheckCriminal CheckPeople DirectoryBusiness DirectoryAll ProductsWhy Veromi



The Trusted Information Source


Login

Search

Help


















Find Person: James Gero.


Veromi People Index: NOW WITH BUSINESS DATA. The most comprehensive People Database in the World.









Start your search now!




Name
Address
Phone







First Name:



Middle Initial: 



Last Name: 






Approx. Age:





City:




State:


Select state...
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming










Address:



Zip:






City:




State:


Select a state...
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming















Phone Number:

























Search Results for 
 James Gero



We found 36 people that match 
James Gero 
.





Person


Ageapprox


Has lived in


Possible Relationships


Information Available








Gero, James P




47


Southampton, MA
Montgomery, MA
Westfield, MA
Northampton, MA





Gero, Carolyn Y

Gero, Rhonda L

Gero, Robert E

Sharrowgero, Tammy

Gero, Lawrence Jos

Gero, Earl S

Gero, Lawrence J



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James B







Keene, NH
Manchester, NH







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James B







Keene, NH







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James A







Burlington, VT







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James Farrington

Possible Aka's:
James, F Gero

Find out more



67


Rockwall, TX
Arlington, TX
Bellingham, MA
Buffalo, NY
Dallas, TX





Gero, Catherine A

Gero, Jim



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James Lucien

Possible Aka's:
Gero, James J
Gero, James L

Find out more



44


Rouses Point, NY
Champlain, NY
Peru, NY
Notre Dame, IN





Gero, Jessica E

Reed, Kimberly Ruth

Agero, Donna T

Decoste, Jennelle A

Gero, Kimberly



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Hancock, Jane T

Possible Aka's:
Gero, Jane H
Gero, James R

Find out more



51


Sumter, SC
Mountain Home A F B, ID
Mountain Home, ID





Hancock, Carolyn R

Gero, James R

Gero, Scott E

Dickerson, Jaclyn



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James Patrick

Possible Aka's:
Gero, James P

Find out more



50


Strongsville, OH
Cleveland, OH
Brook Park, OH





Gero, Dorothy P

Gero, Herman Patrick

Minosky, Amy S

Gero, S

Gero, Ann M

Gero, Michael J

Gero, Cheryl L

Gero, Dorothy P

Gero, Jas



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Farrell, James L

Possible Aka's:
Gero, Jim A
Gero, James Allan

Find out more



62


Menifee, CA
Temecula, CA
San Diego, CA
Roslindale, MA
Murrieta, CA





Collier, Cheryl Sinner

Farrell, James L

Farrell, Jim

Farrell, Trust



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James R




64


Sumter, SC





Hancock, Jane T

Gero, Scott E

Dickerson, Jaclyn



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James Douglas

Possible Aka's:
Geno, James D

Find out more



34


Reinholds, PA
West Hazleton, PA
Orem, UT
Provo, UT







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James

Possible Aka's:
Gero, A James

Find out more



51


Greensboro, NC
Toms River, NJ
Liberty, NC
Pleasant Garden, NC
Climax, NC
Connersville, IN





Moore, Jean Anne

Gero, Sharon Bmrs

Gero, Salvatore M

Gero, Stephen M

Desteunder, Phoebe A

Gero, Philip L

Gero, Sal M

Gero, A James

Gero, Jean A



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James B




41









Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile








Gero, James














Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile








Gero, James R




64


Earlville, NY







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James







Buffalo, NY







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James X







Burlington, VT







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James




62


Crystal Bay, NV







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James A







Murrieta, CA





Gero, Cherie L

Gero, Cheri L

Gero, Jim



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James D




35


West Jordan, UT







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Phone number
Address








Gero, James P




50


Strongsville, OH





Gero, Amy S



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







El Paso, TX
Richardson, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Buffalo, NY







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Buffalo, NY
Dallas, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Buffalo, NY







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Wichita, KS







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Richardson, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Richardson, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James




41


Spring Valley, CA







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James A




62


Murrieta, CA







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James F







Bedford, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James P







Independence, OH







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James L

Possible Aka's:
Gero, James

Find out more






Rouses Point, NY





Geroreed, Kimberly R

Gero, Reed

Gero, Jessica A

Gero, Donna T

Gero, Kimberly R



Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James







Tomball, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James







Magnolia, TX







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address








Gero, James A







San Diego, CA







Get Full Report

Report can contain

Profile
Address
















Copyright © 2007 - 2017
Veromi All rights reserved.



Login
| Search
| Bookmark
| Contact Us
| Terms & Conditions 
| Help
| Site Map
| People
| People Search Directory
| Articles
| Answering Service
| People Search










