    Mark Gersten | Jewish Federation of Greater MetroWest NJ | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Mark B Gersten - Great Neck, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mark B Gersten in Great Neck, NY


Mark B Gersten

                                                                           Intelius found that Mark B Gersten  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Great Neck, NY.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 12 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mark T Gersten
Mark D Gersten


Get Report Now

Age

Mark B Gersten is in his 60s

Mark Has Lived In

Great Neck, NY
Brooklyn, NY
Oakland Gardens, NY

Mark's Relatives

Dr Gersten
Lawrence Gersten
Eric Gersten
Stephanie Gersten







Mark B Gersten



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Owner at Mark Gersten Dr



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mark? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mark, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mark B Gersten
Get a Criminal Check on Mark B Gersten
Get a Public Record Report on Mark B Gersten
Get a People Search Report on Mark B Gersten


Mark B Gersten's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mark B Gersten has lived as well as Mark B Gersten's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mark B Gersten Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Mark B Gersten


22 E**** R* 

Great Neck, NY


Has Lived In

Great Neck, NY
Brooklyn, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mark B Gersten

(516) ***-**** - Great Neck, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(718) ***-**** - Oakland Gardens, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mark B Gersten

m******n@***.com
k***l@***.net
b*********3@***.com


Get Email Report




Mark B Gersten's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Mark B Gersten's academic history.  Find out which schools Mark B Gersten attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Mark B Gersten received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mark B Gersten Has Attended 1 School
Ramaz High School 1962 – 1966                              


Mark B Gersten's Professional Information
Information regarding Mark B Gersten's professional history.  Find out previous places Mark B Gersten has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mark B Gersten Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Mark Gersten Dr
               Title: Owner
Mark B Gersten's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: Mark Gersten Dr
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Mark B Gersten

 See Mark B Gersten's LinkedIn Profile



Mark B Gersten's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mark B Gersten


Mark B Gersten's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mark B Gersten's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mark Gersten
Username Matches

                  MarkGersten
                  GerstenMark
                  Mark.Gersten
                  Gersten.Mark
                  Mark_Gersten
                  Gersten_Mark
                  Mark-Gersten
                  Gersten-Mark
                  MGersten
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Gersten







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















GERSTEN, MARK D. & BARBARA New Jersey Property Records





MARK GERSTEN New Jersey Property Information









 



Home
Search by owner
Complete List
Most Expensive
Contact Us
Random Property...










Owner Name: GERSTEN, MARK D. & BARBARA

Street Address: 3 TANGER DRIVE City State: LIVINGSTON N J Zip Code: 07039 County: essex County District: LIVINGSTON TWP Block: 01800 A numerical identification representing a tax map block number as it appears on the tax list. The block is nine characters, up to a five character block number and a four character block suffix.  Lot: 00007 A numerical identification representing a tax map lot number as it appears on the tax list. The lot is nine characters, up to a five character lot number and a four character lot suffix. Land Value: 356400 The assessed value of the site.  Improvement Value: 365300 The assessed value of the all improvements to the site.  Net Value: 721700 The value of the land plus the improvement value minus limited exemptions. Prior Year Net Value: 721700 Prior Year Net Value Current Year Tax: 0 Current Year Tax Last Year Tax: 15906.27 This field indicates the prior year net amount of tax. The decimal point is assumed. 
(This field is for towns that bill on a calendar year only.  Deduction Amount: 0 Lists the total dollar amount of deductions on the parcel. Sale Assessment: 0 This field is for the assessment of the property at the time of the sale. Sale Price: 0 This field shows the sales price indicated on the deed. The number one (1) indicates a nominal consideration sale.  Transaction Date: 2009-01-08 Indicates the last date a change was made to a particular block and lot. Transaction Update No.: 1484 The number of the accepted transaction listing for the last change to a particular block and lot.  Tax Account Number: 00000326 An alpha-numeric field utilized by some districts that have assigned account numbers to all parcels within the district. These numbers are generally used for sewer and water billing purposes. These account numbers will be printed in the tax list and tax bill.  Property Class: Residential An alpha-numeric field which identifies real property by use.  Property Location: 3 TANGER DRIVE This is the actual street address of the parcel.  Land Description: 109X142 This alpha-numeric field accepts the size of the parcel in square feet, acres or actual dimensions.  Calculated Acreage: 0.3553 Lists the size of the parcel in acres. This field is automatically calculated from the land description field. Zoning: R-3 This alpha-numeric field describes the zoning designations of the parcel.  Tax Map Page Number: 18 Lists the page on which the parcel can be found on the district tax maps.  Number Of Owners: 2 This field represents the number of owners of a property where a property tax deduction exists.  Bank Code: 00000 A numeric code indicating the name of the lending institution holding a mortgage on the parcel.  School Tax Overage: 0 School Tax Overage Percent Owned Code: 100% 1=10%, 2=20%, 3=30%, blank=100%.  Exempt Property List Own: 00 A numeric code identifying owner, purpose and specific use. This field is only mandatory for exempt 
property.  Exempt Property List Use: 00 Exempt Property List Use Exempt Property List Desc.: 000 Exempt Property List Description Exemption Amt. 1: 0 Exemption Amount 1 Exemption Amt. 2: 0 Exemption Amount 2 Exemption Amt. 3: 0 Exemption Amount 3 Exemption Amt. 4: 0 Exemption Amount 4 Senior Citizens Count: 0 Senior Citizens Count (S) - $250 
 Veterans Count: 0 Veterans Count (V) - $250  Widows Count: 0 Widows Count (W) - $250 
 Surviving Spouse Count: 0 Surviving Spouse Count (R) - $250  Disabled Count: 0 Disabled Count (D) - $250  Old Property ID: 00005   A00002 This field is populated with old block and lot designations upon the execution of a property 
identification change.  Rebate Base Year: 2012 This field indicates the base year for tenant rebate purposes. 
 Rebate Base Year Tax: 15906.27 This field indicates the taxes that were paid in the tenant rebate base year.  Rebate Base Year Net Value: 721700 This field indicates the net assessment of the property in the tenant rebate base year.  Non Municipal Half 1: 0 This field indicates the net amount of non-municipal taxes for the first half of the current tax year. Non Municipal Half 2: 0 This field indicates the net amount of non-municipal taxes for the second half of the current tax year.  Municipal Half 1: 0 This field indicates the net amount of municipal taxes for the first half of the current tax year. Municipal Half 2: 0 This field indicates the net amount of municipal taxes for the second half of the current tax year.  Non Municipal Half 3: 0 Non Municipal Half 3 - This field is rarely used. Municipal Half 3: 0 Municipal Half 3 - This field is rarely used. 
 Estimated Quarter3 Tax: 0 This field indicates the third quarter bill is based on a percentage of last yearâs taxes before the tax rates 
have been determined.  Statement Of State Aid Amt.: 0 Statement Of State Aid Amount Court Records Search: MARK GERSTENClick to run a court records search for MARK GERSTEN now If your content is displayed on this page and you would like it removed for any reason, you may opt-out at any time by submitting a opt-out request

View Nearby Properties 

VIEIRA, MICHAEL & GABRIELA159 EAST MCCLELLAN AVE
	
      

SIAO, SONG CONG & LEE,HWEE KHIM T.153 EAST MCCLEAN AVE
	
      

DECASTRO, LUCIO + ELIZABETH147 E MC CLELLAN AVENUE
	
      

METRO YMCA OF THE ORANGES139 E. MC CLELLAN AVE
	
      

TABOADA, JORGEPO BOX 2254
	
      

TOWNSHIP OF LIVINGSTON357 S LIVINGSTON AVE
	
      

MILLARD, DWAINE C. & MICHELLE38 FRANKLIN AVE
	
      

REISMAN, LEWIS & DALIA4 HEMLOCK ROAD
	
      

YU, CHEN-TZU & SU-JOU, TRUST6 HEMLOCK ROAD
	
      

  DISCLAIMER: By using this site, you certify that you will use any information obtained for lawfully acceptable purposes.  Information contained herein is derived from records that may have errors and/or not always be accurate or complete. Data is sometimes entered poorly, processed incorrectly and may not be free from defect. This system should not be relied upon as definitively accurate. Before relying on any data this system supplies, it should be independently verified. This information is not to be used for any purpose described in the fair credit reporting act (FCRA). All searches are subject to legal restrictions, terms of use, and applicable law. All of this information is the representation of the management of the entities providing us this data. All content provided is deemed to be in the public domain. 





NAVIGATION


Home
Search by owner
Complete List
Most Expensive
Contact Us
Random Property...





© Copyright 2015 records.estate.PRIVACY POLICY







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mark D. Gersten: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:38 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Equity Income Fund



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mark D. Gersten  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, AB Equity Income FundAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 80 Board Members in 80 different organizations across 91 different industries.See Board Relationships67--
Background

		Mr. Mark D. Gersten served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of The Ibero-America Fund, Inc (formerly, Spain Fund, Inc.) since June 1988 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Gersten is an independent consultant to clients in the investment management industry. He has more than 30 years of experience in the financial services industry serving in various roles. Mr. Gersten possesses deep expertise in fund operations and third party engagements. ... He served as Principal Accounting Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of various funds in Alliance/AllianceBernstein/AB Large/AMC fund complex. Prior to his joining AllianceBernstein, he held key industry positions at Prudential-Bache Securities and PriceWaterhouseCoopers. Prior to 2012, Mr. Gersten spent the last 26 years in various executive roles at AllianceBernstein LP, including Senior Vice President – Global Fund Administration and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Mutual Funds. His Principal Occupation during the past 5 years includes Senior Vice President of Alliance Global Investor Services, Inc. (“AGIS“), and Vice President of AllianceBernstein Investment Research and Management, Inc., with which he has been associated since prior to 1999. He served as the Vice President of AFD, an affiliate of ACM Income Fund Inc. He served as the Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer of AllianceBernstein L.P. and AllianceBernstein Trust. He serves as Chairman of Two Roads Shared Trust - Anfield Universal Fixed Income Fund. He serves as the Chairman of the Board at Two Roads Shared Trust - Fortunatus Protactical New Opportunity Fund. He has been Independent Trustee of Two Roads Shared Trust - Anfield Universal Fixed Income Fund since 2012. Mr. Gersten is a Certified Public Accountant and holds an MBA in accounting.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, New York 10105United StatesPhone: 212 486 5800Fax: 212-969-2293
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentChairmanAnfield Universal Fixed Income Fund
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
AllianceBernstein Income Fund, Inc.AllianceBernstein Global High Income FundAlliance All Market Advantage Fund Inc.AllianceBernstein National Municipal Income FundAlliance California Municipal Income Fund, Inc.Alliance New York Municipal Income Fund, Inc.AllianceBernstein L.P.ACM Managed Income Fund, Inc.ACM Government Opportunity Fund Inc.ACM Municipal Securities Income Fund Inc.ACM Managed Dollar Income Fund, Inc.The Ibero-America Fund, IncAlliance World Dollar Government Fund Inc.AB Large Cap Growth Fund, Inc. - AB Large Cap Growth FundAB Trust - AB International Value FundAB Trust - AB Value FundAB Core Opportunities FundAB Global Risk Allocation FundAB Global Real Estate Investment FundAB Trust - AB Discovery Value FundAllianceBernstein Trust - AllianceBernstein Global Value FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Adaptive Allocation PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust - The Biondo Growth FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Adaptive Allocation FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Power Dividend Index VIT FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust -Northern Lights Variable Trust - Momentum Index PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial Core Equity FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial Strategic Conservative FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial Tactical FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Sierra Core Retirement FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - EAS Crow Point Alternatives FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Leader Short-Term Bond FundAMG Funds - AMG SouthernSun Small Cap FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Wade Tactical L/S FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - KCM Macro Trends FundNorthern lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial International FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial Explorer FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Changing Parameters FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Hedged Core Frontier FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - The Collar FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - GMG Defensive Beta FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Astor Dynamic Allocation FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - BTS Bond Asset Allocation FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Equinox MutualHedge Futures Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Investment Partners Absolute Return FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - PTA Comprehensive Alternatives FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - The Biondo Focus FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Hedged Core S FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Hedged Core L FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Hedged Core W FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Tactical Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Princeton Futures Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Chadwick & D'Amato FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Leader Total Return FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Altegris Managed Futures Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Toews Hedged Growth Allocation FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Granite Harbor Alternative FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - PSI Tactical Growth FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - PSI Strategic Growth FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - PSI Total Return FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - PSI All Asset FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Power Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Granite Harbor Tactical FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - 13D Activist FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Changing Parameters PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Fortress Long/Short Credit FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Diversified Risk Parity FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - CWC Small Cap Aggressive Value FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Altegris Macro Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Makefield Managed Futures Strategy FundMutual Fund and Variable Insurance Trust - Rational Iron Horse FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Zeo Strategic Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Ginkgo Multi-Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Ascendant Deep Value Convertibles FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Ascendant Natural Resources FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Patriot Balanced FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - AlphaCore Absolute FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Aggressive Growth ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Balanced ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Conservative ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Growth ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Moderate Growth ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Managed Risk Balanced ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - TOPS Managed Risk Growth ETF PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust -  Altegris Futures Evolution Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - RPg Emerging Market Sector Rotation FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Astor Sector Allocation FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Astor Active Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Sierra Strategic Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Patriot FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - CMG Long/Short FundAMG Funds - AMG SouthernSun U.S. Equity FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Quantitative Managed Futures Strategy FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Altegris Equity Long Short FundNorthern Lights Funds Trust - Transwestern Institutional Short Duration Government Bond Fund FundNorthern Lights Funds Trust - Grant Park Managed Futures Strategy FundNorthern Lights Funds Trust - FX Strategy FundNorthern Lights Funds Trust - Navigator Equity Hedged FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Beech Hill Total Return FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Eagle MLP Strategy FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - 7Twelve Balanced PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - BCM Decathlon Conservative PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - BCM Decathlon Moderate PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - BCM Decathlon Aggressive PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Power Income VIT FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Mariner Managed Futures Strategy PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Sandalwood Opportunity FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Altegris Fixed Income Long Short FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - BTS Diversified Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust- Altegris Multi-Strategy Alternative FundAnfield Universal Fixed Income FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - CMG Mauldin Solutions Core FundNorthern Lights Variable Trust -  Innealta Capital Sector Rotation PortfolioNorthern Lights Variable Trust - Innealta Capital Country Rotation PortfolioNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Series Tactical Bond FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - Pacific Financial Faith & Values Based Moderate FundNorthern Lights Fund Trust - BTS Tactical Fixed Income FundTwo Roads Shared Trust - Fortunatus Protactical New Opportunity Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Equity Income Fund, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Gemini Adds Trustees To Boards Of Two Northern Lights Trusts 
         










    










 






 











 









Gemini Adds Trustees To Boards Of Two Northern Lights Trusts

		  Advisors Utilizing NLFT I and NLVT will Benefit from Independent Boards of Trustees' Extensive Combined Expertise
		

Oct 22, 2013, 09:08 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Gemini Fund Services 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Gemini Fund Services logo. (PRNewsFoto/Gemini Fund Services, LLC)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Gemini Fund Services logo. (PRNewsFoto/Gemini Fund Services, LLC)
 


 

 




 





 


HAUPPAUGE, N.Y., Oct. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Gemini Fund Services, LLC (Gemini), an engaged partner to independent advisors as a provider of comprehensive, pooled investment solutions, announces the appointments of new Trustees to the independent boards of one of its shared mutual fund trusts, Northern Lights Fund Trust I (NLFT I), and its variable insurance trust, Northern Lights Variable Trust (NLVT), collectively "the Trusts."
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20100524/NY09182LOGO )
Mark S. Garbin, CFA, PRM; Mark D. Gersten, CPA and Andrew Rogers, Chief Executive Officer of Gemini, have been appointed Trustees of the Trusts. Mr. Garbin and Mr. Gersten each have more than 30 years of experience in the investment management industry, while Mr. Rogers began his career in the mutual fund sector 22 years ago. 
All of the Trusts' Trustees possess a deep understanding of the regulatory framework under which investment companies operate. Each Trustee has more than 20 years of experience in the financial services industry and related fields, including accounting, auditing and consulting. 
"These appointments underscore Gemini's commitment to strong and effective corporate governance," said Mr. Rogers. "By continuing to select asset management veterans with specialized expertise in fund management, operations and distribution as independent Trustees of the Trusts, we can ensure these networks provide advisors with the tools and guidance they need to bring their pooled investment vehicles to market." 
Mr. Garbin possesses in-depth knowledge of derivatives, risk and operations, having created and grown a derivatives-based asset management business, Constellation Financial Management Co., LLC, which was purchased by Societe Generale. He also developed Bankers Trust's first Global Custody capability, and served as Head of New Products for Pilgrim Group of Mutual Funds and North American Head of Equity Derivatives for Rabobank. Mr. Garbin is accredited as both a Chartered Financial Analyst and a Professional Risk Manager. 
Mr. Gersten is an expert in fund operations and third-party engagements, specializing in mutual funds, hedge funds and private equity funds. He spent 26 years in a variety of executive positions at AllianceBernstein, including Senior Vice President of Global Fund Administration. In this role, Mr. Gersten coordinated all administrative and operational activities for 1940 Act open-end, closed-end, offshore, hedge and private equity funds. Mr. Gersten is a New York State Certified Public Accountant and focuses on assisting fund managers with tasks such as developing process improvements; managing risk through implementation of financial and regulatory internal controls; ensuring compliance with internal and regulatory requirements; analyzing complex accounting issues; and managing relationships with external auditors, custodians and administrators. 
As CEO, Mr. Rogers oversees all of Gemini's business lines, including Fund Administration, Transfer Agency, Shareholder Servicing and Fund Accounting. Prior to joining Gemini, he served as a Vice President, Compliance Officer and Accounting Manager at J.P. Morgan Chase for four years. During his time at J.P. Morgan Chase, Mr. Rogers was responsible for approximately 60 onshore and offshore funds which comprised an estimated $40 billion in assets. He has completed all four parts of the Certified Public Accountant examination. 
Gemini launched NLFT I in 2006 in response to industry demand for a turnkey solution for launching mutual funds. Advisors that join the trust instantly receive an independent board of directors and fund council. With Gemini handling all aspects of a fund's board, regulatory and corporate governance, the fund's advisor is free to spend more time managing and raising assets. NLFT I's popularity and growth prompted Gemini to launch Northern Lights Fund Trust II in 2011 and Northern Lights Fund Trust III in 2012. NLVT is similar to a shared mutual fund trust, but is designed to assist advisors seeking to launch funds on insurance company platforms. The Trusts have more than 100 funds and approximately $11 billion in assets.
For media inquiries, please contact Dana Taormina at 973-850-7305 or dtaormina@jcprinc.com. 
About Gemini Fund Services, LLC
Gemini Fund Services, LLC (www.geminifund.com) provides comprehensive, pooled investment solutions as an engaged partner to independent advisors. Gemini serves as a strategic partner and resource to advisors that want to bring their own, unique investment vehicles to market, including mutual funds, hedge funds, exchange-traded funds, funds on insurance platforms and more. As a full-service firm, Gemini provides the administration, accounting, and technology that advisors need in order to launch and market successful products. With over 30 years of experience creating and servicing funds, Gemini brings years of industry knowledge and insight to help advisors achieve the vision of their product and deliver the most extensive range of turnkey solutions to clients. 
5481-GFS-10/16/2013



CONTACT: 


Dana Taormina 




Jennifer Connelly Public Relations




973-850-7305




dtaormina@jcprinc.com

 SOURCE  Gemini Fund Services  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.geminifund.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 13, 2013, 13:18 ET
Preview: Millennium India Acquisition Company announces receipt of proceeds from sale of stock and adjournment of annual meeting


















Aug 01, 2013, 09:08 ET
Preview: Gemini Adds Kyle Thorberg as Internal Wholesaler








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





Dr. Mark Gersten, MD - Great Neck, NY - Internal Medicine | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Mark Gersten, MDLogin MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Mark Gersten, MDSaveInternal Medicine  | Male Leave a ReviewMake a difference! Share feedback260 Middle Neck Rd Apt 3B Great Neck,  NY 11021 Get Directions Suggest an editDr. Mark Gersten, MD is an internal medicine doctor who practices in Great Neck, NY.  He is 68 years old and has been practicing for 43 years.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Looking for an Internal Medicine Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Shirley Hanna, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(11)Dr. Jeffrey Snow, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)Dr. Peter Spiegler, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(2)Dr. Vincent Geraci, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)Dr. Steve Salzman, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(5)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNYU Winthrop Hospital2017 Recipient of the Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical ExcellenceHospital Referral Line: (516) 712-6101View More Providers Like ThisLearn about this doctorDr. Gersten's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Gersten's experience matches your preferences.1SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.0Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.0Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient SatisfactionHave you recently visited Dr. Gersten? Fill out a survey to help millions of people around the nation find the right doctor.Take SurveyVisiting Dr. Gersten260 Middle Neck Rd Apt 3BGreat Neck, NY 11021Get DirectionsMARK BENJ GERSTEN MD5847 Francis Lewis Blvd Ste 204Oakland Gardens, NY 11364(718) 229-6688Get DirectionsFeatured Internal Medicine Specialists in Great Neck, NY 11021Dr. Shirley Hanna, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(11)Dr. Jeffrey Snow, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNYU Winthrop HospitalHospital Referral Line: (516) 712-6101Dr. Peter Spiegler, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(2)Dr. Vincent Geraci, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)View MoreDr. Gersten's ReviewsHelp millions of people find the right doctor. Share your experience today!Be the first to leave a review!Are you Dr. Gersten?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Get started today!Looking for an Internal Medicine Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Shirley Hanna, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(11)Dr. Jeffrey Snow, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)Dr. Peter Spiegler, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(2)Dr. Vincent Geraci, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(9)Dr. Steve Salzman, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(5)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNYU Winthrop Hospital2017 Recipient of the Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical ExcellenceHospital Referral Line: (516) 712-6101View More Providers Like ThisSee all internal medicine doctors in Great Neck, NY×Dr. Gersten's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in Internal Medicine No board certification on record with Healthgrades No malpractice claims found No sanctions found No board actions found×Background Check 0 Malpractice ClaimsNo malpractice history found for New York.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Conditions TreatedDr. Gersten does not have any conditions listed. If you are Dr. Gersten and would like to add conditions you treat, please update your free profile.EducationMedical SchoolNew York Univ Sch Of MedGraduated in 1974Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Gersten does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Gersten and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesInternal MedicineProcedures PerformedDr. Gersten does not have any procedures listed. If you are Dr. Gersten and would like to add procedures you perform, please update your free profile.





























3 TANGER DRIVE, owned by GERSTEN, MARK D. & BARBARA in Livingston Twp - NJParcels.com















Toggle navigation




NJ Parcels



Search
Terms
Redaction







3 TANGER DRIVE

New Jersey
Livingston Twp
1800
7

3 TANGER DRIVE is Block 1800, Lot 7 in Livingston Twp, Essex County.











Owner Information



GERSTEN, MARK D. & BARBARA

3 TANGER DRIVE
LIVINGSTON N J, 07039

 Other Property by Owner





Explore Data


 Sales Records
 Comparable Sales Report
 Compare Taxes to Nearby




Bird's Eye
Neighborhood Map






Rotate View: 
     Left
 Right

Property lines depicted are an approximation.











Data on 3 Tanger Drive, Livingston Twp



Typeresidential
Year Constructed1978
ZoningR-3
Acreage0.3553

This property was assessed for 721700. 
The land was assessed at 356400 
and the improvements to the property were assessed at 365300.
3 Tanger Drive costs
    GERSTEN, MARK D. & BARBARA
18042.50 annually in taxes.
Flood Data
According to the FEMA National Flood Hazard Layer, this property does not appear to be in a flood zone. Nonetheless, confirm this information prior to taking any action.
To view the flood hazards around this property, create a FEMA "Firmette" Map of the area around 3 TANGER DRIVE.
    This information is sourced from the FEMA National Flood Hazard Layer. See our full disclamer. 
Broadband Providers
ProviderTypeBandwidth
VerizonFiber 9   7
ComcastCable 10   9
MegaPath CorporationCopper 5   5
MegaPath CorporationDSL 7   7
VerizonDSL 5   3
MegaPath CorporationDSL 6   2

Service provider data from mid-2014.










Download

 KML
 GeoJSON





Notification List
View the list of properties within 200 feet of 3 TANGER DRIVE. Useful for determining certified mailing lists when applying for a variance or permit.
 Notification List


Adjacent Properties

1 TANGER DRIVECHUNG, DANIEL H. & J. & WHANG P & J
159 E MC CLELLAN AVENUEVIEIRA, MICHAEL & GABRIELA
5 TANGER DRIVEDOLLINGER, MICHAEL I. & HELANE


Looking for a property near you? Use your smartphone or tablet to search by your current location.
 Search Nearby




















	Latham & Watkins LLP - Global Directory - Mark D. Gerstein









































About Us



Administration


Alumni


Awards & Rankings


Diversity


In Memoriam


Media Coverage


News


Pro Bono & Community Service


Retired Partners


Sustainability Initiative


Women Enriching Business




Online Resources


Languages

中文     Deutsch EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語한국어Pусский




People Finder



Find a person by name or search via surname initial





Quick search


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






































 


Industries








		Latham & Watkins meets clients’ needs by understanding the industries in which they operate.  
	





IN THIS SECTION






Aerospace, Defense & Government Services


Automotive


Cleantech


Communications


Energy - Oil & Gas


Energy - Power


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Financial Institutions


FinTech


Healthcare Services & Providers






Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure


Industrials & Manufacturing


Information Technology – Systems & Solutions


Internet & Digital Media


Life Sciences


Mining & Metals


REITs


Retail & Consumer Products


Semiconductors





Go to Industries Section 







Practices








Activism


Africa Practice


Antitrust & Competition


Australia Practice


Banking


Benefits, Compensation & Employment


Capital Markets


CFIUS & US National Security


Communications Law






Complex Commercial Litigation


Corporate Governance


Creditors Rights & Bankruptcy Litigation


Derivatives


Emerging Companies


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Environment, Land & Resources


Export Controls, Economic Sanctions & Customs


Financial Regulatory






Government Contracts


Greater China Practice


Healthcare & Life Sciences


India Practice


Indonesia Practice


Information Law, Data Privacy & Cybersecurity


Insurance Coverage Litigation


Intellectual Property Litigation


International Arbitration






Investment Funds


Islamic Finance


Israel Practice


Korea Practice


Latin America Practice


Litigation & Trial Practice


Mergers & Acquisitions


Nordic Practice


Oil & Gas Transactions






Private Equity


Private Equity Finance


Product Liability, Mass Torts & Consumer Class Actions


Project Development & Finance


Public & Tax-Exempt Finance


Public Company Representation


Real Estate


Restructuring, Insolvency & Workouts


Securities Litigation & Professional Liability






Structured Finance


Supreme Court & Appellate


Tax


Technology Transactions


Turkey Practice


White Collar Defense & Investigations





Go to Practices Section







Knowledge Library








		Latham & Watkins provides first-class thought leadership across practices and industries, locally and globally.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Blogs


Book of Jargon® & Apps


Events


Presentations


Thought Leadership


Videos


Webcasts & Podcasts







VIDEO


WORD OF THE DAY® – Side-Car
Partner Dominic Newcomb explains the term Side-Car from the Book of Jargon® – European Capital Markets and Bank Finance.

view





UPCOMING EVENT


Social Entrepreneurship Legal Clinic
Offering an opportunity to discuss legal issues impacting social entrepreneurs.

Washington, D.C., USA

Read more



Go to Knowledge Library 







Global Directory








		Located in business centers across the globe, the lawyers of Latham & Watkins come from all regions of the world to practice within its fully integrated, one-firm structure.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Find Our People


Latham Around the World - Map View


Latham Around the World - List View








Our OfficesOur People









Join Us







Events







close x


January 2000



Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa





















































Home|Global Directory|Mark D. Gerstein





Find Our People


Latham Around the World



Clients have said Mr. Gerstein is "very highly informed and really knew how best to execute the deal."Chambers USA 2017







Mark D. Gerstein

Partner
Emark.gerstein@lw.com
T+1.312.876.7666
Add to contacts



Chicago | New York


                    330 North Wabash Avenue, Suite 2800

                    Chicago, IL 60611

                    USA


 



Profile
Experience

 


Mark D. Gerstein is the past global Co-chair of the firm’s Mergers & Acquisitions Practice and a partner in the Corporate Department of Latham & Watkins. Mr. Gerstein's practice focuses on mergers and acquisitions, both in the US and globally, corporate governance (including in the restructuring context) and takeover defense planning. He has frequently represented special committees of boards of directors, bidders and financial advisors in going-private and other conflict of interest transactions. 
Mr. Gerstein leads the firm’s Activism Task Force, and has provided activism and takeover planning and defense  to dozens of public companies (ranging from Fortune 100 to small cap), with notable success in defeating active proxy solicitations,  negotiating workable settlement arrangements and persuading activists to reconsider their insurgencies, even after material share accumulations.  He and his team have worked opposite many of the most prominent activist funds, including:


Corvex Management
Elliott Management
Engaged Capital
Icahn Associates
JANA Partners
Marcato Capital Management
Pershing Square Capital Management
Starboard Value
Third Point
Trian Partners
ValueAct Capital 

Mr. Gerstein has provided mergers and acquisitions counseling to numerous public and private companies, including A.O. Smith, Codexis, Cogent, Delphi Automotive, GATX Corporation, Host Hotels and Resorts (a public REIT), Koch Industries, Libbey Inc., Nissan, Omnicom, Orbitz Worldwide Inc., QEP Resources, Inc., Simon Property Group, Sirona Dental and The Toro Company. Mr. Gerstein also advises lenders and financial advisors in financial and strategic acquisitions.
Mr. Gerstein served as an adjunct faculty member of the Northwestern University School of Law and he chaired and serves on the executive committee of Northwestern University’s Ray Garrett Jr. Corporate and Securities Law Institute.
Mr. Gerstein serves on the Board of Trustees of Ravinia Festival and is a current member and past Chair of the Board of Directors of Youth Guidance, which serves at-risk children in the Chicago Public Schools.



Mr. Gerstein’s M&A transactions include:


US$13 billion merger of equals between FMC Technologies and Technip, a France-based designer and developer of offshore oil and gas processing facilities, via the EU cross-border merger regime
Koch Industries, Inc.’s US$22 billion acquisition of Georgia-Pacific Corp., the second largest going-private in US history 
Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. in its US$13+ billion merger of equals with DENTSPLY International Inc.
The Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Chicago Board of Trade in connection with its US$12 billion merger with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (including the intervening unsolicited offer from the International Commodities Exchange)
The US$10 billion acquisition by Energy Transfer Equity, L.P., of Southern Union Company, a diversified natural gas company
Koch Industries in its US$7.2 billion acquisition of Molex Incorporated, a designer and manufacturer of electronic components
The acquisition by affiliates of Koch Industries of INVISTA from DuPont in a US$4.4 billion transaction
Entercom in its $3 billion acquisition of the Radio division of CBS, in a “reverse morris trust” transaction”
Globe Specialty Metals in its US$3.1 billion merger of equals with Grupo FerroAtlantica to create a leading international silicon and specialty metals producer
CNH Global N.V., an agricultural and construction equipment company in the US$3 billion acquisition by Fiat Industrial SpA
Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. in its US$1.6 billion sale to Expedia
Delphi Automotive, an automotive parts manufacturer, in its US$727 million sale of its thermal systems business to MAHLE
    












Awards & Rankings

Global M&A Chair Named a "Rainmaker" 
Two Partners Named M&A and Antitrust Trailblazers
M&A Practice Again Earns “Group of the Year” Recognition 


more




Media Coverage

Rainmaker Q&A: Latham & Watkins' Mark Gerstein
M&A Trailblazer: Mark Gerstein
Activists in the Boardroom: How to Prepare and Keep the Dialogue Productive 


more




News

Latham & Watkins Launches US Tax Reform Resource Center 
Latham Advises Entercom in Merger with CBS Radio 
Latham Advises FMC Technologies in Completed Combination with Technip to Form TechnipFMC


more




Thought Leadership

US Tax Reform: Strategies for Executing Transactions in the Face of Uncertainty
Board Considerations in the Face of Tax Reform Uncertainty
US Tax Reform: Strategies for Executing Transactions


more




Videos

A Look Ahead: M&A Activity in 2017 


more




Webcasts & Podcasts

US Tax Reform: Understanding the Proposals and Executing Transactions in the Face of Uncertainty


more







share



 Email


 Facebook


 Google+


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





 



Bar Qualification


Illinois
New York


Education


JD, University of Chicago Law School, 1984
BA, University of Michigan, 1981




Practices



                        Mergers & Acquisitions

                        Activism

                        Public Company Representation

                        Private Equity

                        Corporate Governance

                        Israel Practice

                        Takeover Planning & Defense




Industries



                        Aerospace, Defense & Government Services

                        Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure

                        REITs

                        Retail & Consumer Products



 


 


© 2017 Latham & Watkins

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use|Mobile Site|Privacy and Cookies|Site Map

Hiring Scam Warning  |
                









Notice: We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding.



Cancel
Accept







		We use cookies to make the experience of our website better. By using our website, your consent to the use of cookies is deemed to be given. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
	












