

GetGO Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















getgo inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Design, Mfg & Distribution
Sub-Industry: Technology Distributors
GetGO, Inc. operates and invests in companies that provide enabling technologies which enhance the user's broadband experience.




Corporate Information
Address:

10 Universal City Plaza
Suite 2000
Universal City, CA 91608
United States


Phone:
1-818-754-3757


Fax:
1-818-475-1509























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































GETGO, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GETGO, INC.











Company number P95000003666
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 593287804
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/26/1997
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/13/1995
        

Principal Address
            3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817
            


Mailing Address 3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817
        
GETGO, INC. Principals

President
                Patel Bhuvaneshwari S
                 


Address
                3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817
                 



Vice President, President
                Patel Shailesh M
                 


Address
                3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817
                 







Last Annual Reports

1996 8/13/1996
            

1996 8/13/1996
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name PATEL               BHUVANESHWARI (p)
        

Agent Address
                3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817
                

GETGO, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/26/1997
            

Description
GETGO, INC. has been set up 1/13/1995 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The GETGO, INC. principal adress is 3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817. 
The company`s registered agent is PATEL               BHUVANESHWARI 3931 GREENVIEW PINES COURT, ORLANDO, FL, 32817.  
The company`s management are President - Patel Bhuvaneshwari S, Vice President, President - Patel Shailesh M. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/26/1997. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 8/13/1996.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GET GOING ENTERPRISE LLC
GET GOING FITNESS LLC
GETGOING, INC.
GET GOING TOURS
GET GOING TRAVEL INDEX, INC.
GET GOLD CASH AND DIAMONDS LLC






















FAQ | LogMeIn































































































LogMeIn, Inc




Back To Top







Menu





Home















	LogMeIn & GoTo Merger Customer FAQs
	





General Overview


Why are LogMeIn and GoTo merging?
This transaction marks the beginning of what we see as an amazing new chapter for our company. By combining forces, we have the rare opportunity to accelerate our strategy, establish ourselves as one of the world’s top 10 SaaS companies, and significantly boost the benefits we can deliver to our customers, employees and shareholders.
    For our customers, this means an instant increase in choice, access to best-in-class capabilities across a much larger combined portfolio, and a partnership with a company that has the scale, resources and world-class talent required to accelerate innovation and redefine the markets in which it plays.


What are the financial details of the transaction?
As part of the merger agreement, Citrix spun off its wholly owned subsidiary, GetGo, which then merged with a subsidiary of LogMeIn. LogMeIn issued an estimated 27.3 million shares of LogMeIn common stock to Citrix equity holders in connection with the merger. The transaction is valued at approximately $1.8 billion based on shares to be issued and LogMeIn’s closing price of $65.31 as of July 25, 2016, the date on which the merger was first announced.  


Where can I find additional information?
You can learn more about the announcement on the LogMeIn corporate website and our blog.




What's the name of the merged company?
The name of the new combined company is LogMeIn, Inc.


What is GetGo?
GetGo was a wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix and was the legal entity behind the GoTo family of products. It has now been officially merged with a subsidiary of LogMeIn.


Which products are included in the GoTo family?
GetGo's primary products include GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, GoToAssist, GoToAssist Corporate, GoToMyPC, Grasshopper and Openvoice.


Which products are included in the LogMeIn family?
LogMeIn primary products include LogMeIn Pro, LogMeIn Central, LogMeIn Rescue, Rescue Lens, BoldChat, join.me, Xively, and LastPass.


What will happen to my products? Do you plan to consolidate?
There are no current plans to discontinue any products. All core LogMeIn and GoTo products will remain available and supported for the foreseeable future.  And together, we’ve got the team, IP, scale, and market-leading portfolio needed to set the standard in our core markets for years to come.


Will customers be migrated to other product lines?
There are no current plans to migrate customers.


Will there be any disruption in service because of the transaction?
No, we do not anticipate any disruption in service because of the transaction


Will this merger affect the pricing of the products?
This merger will not have any specific impact on pricing decisions. Product pricing is based on several macroeconomic factors and is designed to ensure we can deliver our customers value for the products they purchase. We will continue to approach how we price our products in a careful, thoughtful manner based on the value they provide to the market.


Will this change my point of contact?
We are committed to a smooth transition for customers. Please make sure to whitelist @logmein.com to ensure seamless message delivery to your inbox.   Customers will be notified if there are any changes to their account manager. Currently, we don't anticipate significant changes. If you have an assigned account manager, please feel free to reach out with questions. If you don’t have a specific account manager assigned, or if you don’t know who your account manager is, please see contact details below.


Who should I contact for support or service?
LogMeIn customers in the US should continue to contact the Customer Care team toll-free at 1-866-478-1805. Country-specific support numbers can be found at https://secure.logmein.com/home/support/contact-us.

    GetGo customers in the US should continue to contact the Customer Care team toll-free at (866) 962-6496. Country-specific support numbers can be found on the global support site at https://care.citrixonline.com/.
    


Contract Related


Who am I contracting with after January 31, 2017?
Effective January 31st, 2017, your contract with LogMeIn Inc. or GetGo may have been assigned to a different contracting entity, which can be found in this contracting entity table.   Your new contracting entity will depend on where you are located and the specific products and/or services you have ordered any new purchases you make will be with this contracting entity.


What Terms of Service apply as of February 1, 2017? 
In connection with the merger, our Terms of Service have changed and if you continue to access and use our services you will be subject to these new Terms of Service as of February 1, 2017.


Are the Terms of Service the same for LogMeIn products and GetGo products? 
Yes, we have adopted new Terms of Service to be applicable across the merged companies.


Billing Related


What is changing on February 1, 2017 and what do I need to do?
For customers with LogMeIn products, including but not exclusive to LogMeIn Pro, Central, join.me, Rescue, BoldChat, LastPasss, and Xively, your contract relationship and entity generating your invoices are now with GetGo, Inc., a subsidiary of LogMeIn, Inc. If you pay by Wire or Check, you may have new remittance information on where to send payments on your invoice. Please see updated remittance information here.

    For GoTo customers with products, including but not limited to GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, GoToAssist, GoToAssist Corporate, Open Voice, GoToMyPC, and Grasshopper, your contract with GetGo may have been assigned to a different contracting entity, which can be found in this contracting entity table. Remittance information has not changed.


What will I see on my credit card statement?
For GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, GoToAssist, GoToAssist Corporate, and Openvoice customers, the descriptor on your credit card statement will say “care.citrixonline.com”. GoToMyPC customers’ credit card statement will say “GoToMyPC.com” and Grasshoppers customers will see “Grasshopper LLC” or “Grasshopper.com”.

LogMeIn customers, your credit card statement will say www.logmeininc.com, Boldchat.com, or LastPass.com, depending on what product you subscribe to.















LogMeIn, Inc




Close Menu

















GetGo Contracting Entities  | LogMeIn



























LogMeIn Legal
Privacy Overview
LogMeIn Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Notice
Anti-Spam Policy
Terms of Service
Service Descriptions
Contracting Entities
Payment Remittance Table
English Sample Data Processing Addendum
Technical and Organizational Security Measures (TOMS)
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notice
Trademark and Other Intellectual Property Information
LogMeIn Community Terms & Conditions
LogMeIn Open Source Software Disclosure
LogMeIn Referral Program
GoTo Referral Program
Digital Properties List
Code of Practice Ombudsmen – UK




LogMeIn Contracting Party, Choice of Law and Location for Resolving Disputes
The applicable contracting entity, notice address, and governing law/venue will depend on where you are located and the specific Services you have ordered.
Please click here to access the Contracting Entities Table







 x 

In

Products

Pro
Central
Rescue
LastPass
JoinMe

Languages

English
Español
Deutsch
Français
Magyar
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português
Русский
中文(简体)



Support

Knowledge base
Community forum
Contact us

About

Corporate site
Labs and Betas





 ✖ 


Log In
Enter Iframe/content here.




 ✖ 


Sign Up
Enter Iframe/content here.








Privacy Policy  | LogMeIn



























LogMeIn Legal
Privacy Overview
LogMeIn Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Notice
Anti-Spam Policy
Terms of Service
Service Descriptions
Contracting Entities
Payment Remittance Table
English Sample Data Processing Addendum
Technical and Organizational Security Measures (TOMS)
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notice
Trademark and Other Intellectual Property Information
LogMeIn Community Terms & Conditions
LogMeIn Open Source Software Disclosure
LogMeIn Referral Program
GoTo Referral Program
Digital Properties List
Code of Practice Ombudsmen – UK




LogMeIn Privacy Policy 
Last Updated on May 1, 2017

Introduction
This privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect and use at LogMeIn, and the choices you have associated with that information. When we refer to “LogMeIn,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this policy, we are referring to LogMeIn, Inc., and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including GetGo, Inc., which provides the Services to you. The “Services” refers to the applications, services, and websites (marketing and product) provided by LogMeIn. LogMeIn may, from time to time, introduce new products and services. To the extent that these new products and services affect this policy, we will notify you as described in Section 8 below. This privacy policy covers the digital properties listed here.  The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the services for our customers and as specified herein.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, please contact us. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
EU-U.S. and Swiss Privacy Shield 
LogMeIn has self-certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss Privacy Shield with respect to Customer Data. For more information, see our Privacy Shield Notice.
Contents:

Information We Collect and Receive
How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive 
Analytics, Cookies and Other Web Site Technologies 
Information Sharing 
Communicating
Accessing Your Data
Security
Changes to this Statement/Contact Us

1. Information We Collect and Receive
We collect several different types of information in order to provide Services to you, including:
Customer Account and Registration Data: This includes information you provide to create your account with us or register for events, webinars, surveys, etc. and may include, first and last name, billing information, a password and a valid email address.
Service Data (including Session and Usage data):
When you use our Services, we receive information generated through the use of the Service, either entered by you or others who use the Services with you (for example, schedules, attendee info, etc.), or from the Service infrastructure itself, (for example, duration of session, use of webcams, connection information, etc.)  We may also collect usage and log data about how the services are accessed and used, including information about the device you are using the Services on, IP addresses, location information, language settings, what operating system you are using, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data to help us support the Services.
Third Party Data: We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. We may also receive information from other affiliated companies that are a part of our corporate group. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for marketing, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. 
Location Information: We collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing and supporting the service and for fraud prevention and security monitoring. If you wish to opt-out of the collection and use of your collection information, you may do so by turning it off on your device settings.
Device Information: When you use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID").
2. How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive 
LogMeIn may access (which may include, with your consent, limited viewing or listening) and use the data we collect as necessary (a) to provide and maintain the Services; (b) to address and respond to service, security, and customer support issues; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, unlawful, or technical issues; (d) as required by law; (e) to fulfill our contracts; (f) to improve and enhance the Services; (g) to provide analysis or valuable information back to our Customers and users.
Some specific examples of how we use the information:

Create and administer your account
Send you an order confirmation
Facilitate and improve the usage of the services you have ordered
Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products
Send you product updates, marketing communication, and service information
Respond to customer inquiries and support requests
Conduct research and analysis
Display content based upon your interests
Analyze data, including through automated systems and machine learning to improve our services and/or your experience
Provide you information about your use of the services and benchmarks, insights and suggestions for improvements
Market services of our third-party business partners

LogMeIn also collects and stores meeting attendee information in order to fulfill our obligation to our customers and provide the Services. With their consent, we may also directly provide product and other LogMeIn related information to attendees. LogMeIn will retain your information for as long as your account with us is active, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to cancel your account or for us to stop providing you services, or if we hold personal information about you and you want it to be removed from our database or inactivated, please contact us here.
3. Analytics, Cookies and Other Web Site Technologies
LogMeIn is continuously improving our websites and products through the use of various third party web analytics tools, which help us understand how visitors use our websites, desktop tools, and mobile applications, what they like and dislike, and where they may have problems. While we maintain ownership of this data, we do not share this type of data about individual users with third parties.
Geolocation and Other Data:
We may utilize precise Geolocation data but only if you specifically opt-in to collection of that data in connection with a particular service. We also use information such as IP addresses to determine the general geographic locations areas of our visitors. The web beacons used in conjunction with these web analytics tools may gather data such as what browser or operating system a person uses, as well as, domain names, MIME types, and what content, products and services are reviewed or downloaded when visiting or registering for services at one of our websites or using one of our mobile applications.
Google Analytics and Adobe Marketing Cloud:
We use Google Analytics as described in “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.” You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on here.  We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by Google Analytics and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users. Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites.  You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads.  We also use Adobe Marketing Cloud as described here.  You can opt-out of use of this information as described below.
Tracking Technologies:
LogMeIn and our partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track user traffic patterns and hold certain registration information. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. If you wish to not have the information these technologies collect used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out here, or if located in the European Union, click here. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can still review the website if you choose to set your browser to refuse all cookies; however, you must enable cookies in order to establish an account and to install the Services. To manage Flash cookies, please click here.
Examples of Cookies We Use:




Cookie Type


Purpose


Description




Session Cookies


We use these cookies to operate our websites.


Some cookies are essential for the operation of LogMeIn websites. If a user chooses to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access all of the content and features.




Preference Cookies


We use these cookies to remember your preferences.


When you register at a LogMeIn website, we use cookies to store unique, randomly assigned user IDs that we generate for administrative purposes. These cookies enable you to enter the LogMeIn sites without having to log on each time.




Advertising Cookies


These cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.


We use cookies to make advertising more engaging to users, as well as to assist in reporting on marketing program performance and analytics




Security Cookies


These cookies are used for general security purposes and user authentication.


We use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect user data from access by unauthorized parties.




Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
Social Media: Our sites include social media features, such as Facebook, Google and Twitter “share” buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These services will also authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form or provide feedback. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4. Information Sharing 
Ensuring your privacy is important to us. We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this privacy policy. We may share your personal information with (a) third party service providers; (b) business partners; (c) affiliated companies within our corporate structure and (d) as needed for legal purposes. Third party service providers have access to personal information only as needed to perform their functions and they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Examples of how we may share information with service providers include:

Fulfilling orders and providing the services
Payment processing and fraud prevention
Providing customer support
Sending marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Providing cloud computing infrastructure

Examples of how we may or disclose data for legal reasons may include:

As part of a sale or merger where all or substantially all of our assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
As required by law, for example, to comply with a valid subpoena or other legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to protect your safety (or the safety of others); to investigate fraud; or to respond to a government request.

We may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
5. Communications
LogMeIn may need to communicate with you for a variety of different reasons, including:

Responding to your questions and requests. If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending you Service and administrative emails and messages. We may contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Service offerings, and important Service related notices, such as billing, security and fraud notices. These emails and messages are considered a necessary part of the Services and you may not opt-out of them.
Sending emails about new products or other news about LogMeIn that we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners. You can always opt out of these types of messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication.
Conducting surveys. We may use the information gathered in the surveys to enhance and personalize our products, services, and websites.
Offering referral programs and incentives, which allow you to utilize email, text, or URL links that you can share with friends or colleagues.

6. Accessing Your Data
Our customers can always review, update or change personal information from within their account. LogMeIn will also, when you request, provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information.  Please contact us here if you need assistance in reviewing your information. LogMeIn will respond to your access request to review the information we have on file for you within a reasonable time.
We may also collect information on behalf of our customers, in order to provide the services, and we may not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data is processed. If you are a customer or end-user of one of our customers, please contact them (as the data controller) directly if: (i) you would no longer like to be contacted by them; or (ii) to access, correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data.  If requested to remove data by our customer, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service, and when we do, these transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by appropriate transfer agreements. We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customer for as long as needed to provide services to our customer. Also, we will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
LogMeIn is headquartered in the United States of America and maintains a global infrastructure.  Information that we collect and maintain may be transferred to, or controlled and processed in, the United States and/or other countries around the world. When you provide us with information, or use our website(s) and services, you consent to this transfer.  We will protect the privacy and security of personal information we collect in accordance with this privacy policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
7. Security
LogMeIn follows generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received, however, no security measure is perfect. We recommend safeguarding your password, as it is one of the easiest ways you can manage the security of your own account – remember that if you lose control over your password, you may lose control over your personal information.
8. Changes to this Statement/Contact Us
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will provide notice on this website, and we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy
If you have any other questions about this policy please contact LogMeIn Privacy Team, or call +1 805 690 6400 or write to us via postal mail at:  LogMeIn, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210. To reach our Global Customer Support department, you may contact us here.







 x 

In

Products

Pro
Central
Rescue
LastPass
JoinMe

Languages

English
Español
Deutsch
Français
Magyar
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português
Русский
中文(简体)



Support

Knowledge base
Community forum
Contact us

About

Corporate site
Labs and Betas





 ✖ 


Log In
Enter Iframe/content here.




 ✖ 


Sign Up
Enter Iframe/content here.









LogMeIn Announces Merger with Citrix’s GoTo Family of Products to Create Billion Dollar Industry Leader  Nasdaq:LOGM









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













LogMeIn Announces Merger with Citrix’s GoTo Family of Products to Create Billion Dollar Industry Leader 




















July 26, 2016 16:00 ET

 | Source: LogMeIn, Inc.






Combined Entity will be a Leading SaaS Company with a Diverse and Innovative Product Portfolio Expected First Year Post Close Pro Forma Revenue of $1+ Billion, Anticipated Adjusted EBITDA Margins of 35% in 2017, Anticipated Pro Forma 35%+ Free Cash Flow Accretion over Standalone LogMeIn after Realizing Run Rate Synergies Run Rate Cost Synergies of $65 Million Expected in Year One and More than $100 Million Expected in Year Two Bill Wagner, LogMeIn President and CEO, to Lead Combined Company Citrix and LogMeIn Shareholders to Each Own Approximately 50% of Combined Company LogMeIn Plans to Issue $1.50 per Share in Dividends to its Shareholders Prior to the Closing BOSTON and SANTA CLARA, Calif., July  26, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  LogMeIn, Inc. (NASDAQ:LOGM) and Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive merger agreement for LogMeIn to combine with Citrix’s GoTo business in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction.  The transaction is valued at approximately $1.8 billion based on shares to be issued and LogMeIn’s closing price of $65.31 as of July 25, 2016.  The transaction, which has been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of Citrix and LogMeIn, is expected to be tax-free to Citrix and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The combined company is expected to have annual revenues in excess of $1 billion with more than two million customers in virtually every country around the globe. Upon completion of the transaction, the combined company is expected to achieve run rate cost synergies for the benefit of both Citrix and LogMeIn shareholders of $65 million within the first year post-close, and run rate cost synergies of more than $100 million in year two. The combination brings together proven innovators with a shared belief in simplifying the way people connect to customers, colleagues and the world around them. The GoTo family of products delivers collaborative communication solutions for small and medium sized businesses and has strong global brand recognition through leading products including GoToAssist, GoToMeeting, GoToMyPC, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, Grasshopper and OpenVoice.  LogMeIn, a leading provider of cloud-based connectivity, has rapidly attracted millions of users and thousands of leading businesses to its popular and disruptive products, including join.me, LastPass, LogMeIn Rescue and BoldChat, among others. Bill Wagner, President and CEO of LogMeIn, who will lead the combined company as President and CEO, commented, “We are extremely excited about this transformative merger and the profound benefits it will bring to our customers, our people and our shareholders.  Both companies have passionate employees who are committed to developing easy-to-use software that simplifies the way we connect with people, devices, apps and products.  The additional scale of the combined company will allow us to accelerate innovation in order to deliver better outcomes for our customers and also creates a compelling financial model that will reward our shareholders.” Kirill Tatarinov, President and Chief Executive Officer of Citrix, said, “We believe this combination is a winning outcome for all parties. Both LogMeIn and GoTo have a shared goal of developing innovative solutions to exceed customer expectations by simplifying business and personal communications. Given that we have already been working towards a spinoff of GoTo, we expect this to be a smooth transition for the business. From Citrix’s perspective, this transaction will allow us to further enhance our strategic focus, operational efficiency and accelerate execution of our strategy to provide the world’s best integrated technology services for secure delivery of apps and data.” “We have great respect for Bill, the LogMeIn team and the company’s commitment to building great products that simplify how people connect,” said Bob Calderoni, Executive Chairman of Citrix. “When we announced plans to spin off our GoTo family of products last November, we emphasized the value creation opportunity for our shareholders. We believe this combination will accelerate that opportunity, further enhancing value for Citrix shareholders through the ownership of shares in the combined company. I also want to thank Chris Hylen, whose leadership as SVP and GM of the GoTo business, along with the tireless work of his team, has positioned GoTo for continued growth and success following its separation from Citrix.” Strategic Rationale A Leading SaaS Company With A Diverse Product Portfolio – Assets from both companies fill gaps in the respective product lines, resulting in better experiences and outcomes for our customers.  In addition, the scale and stability of the combined company enables accelerated growth of the businesses in emerging verticals, which include cloud-based telephony and identity, as well as IoT. A Shared Focus On Innovation That Is Enhanced by Scale – The merger brings together the combined resources of each company to address the challenges customers face in the wake of compelling secular trends, including workforce mobility, rapid adoption of cloud-based applications and the proliferation of connected products. Talented Team Positioned To Capture Exciting Growth Opportunities – Through a commitment to retaining the best talent from both companies, the new company will have a seasoned management team with a track record of driving growth, innovation, and shareholder value.  The combined company’s Board will be comprised of experienced directors from both LogMeIn and Citrix who share a commitment to customer satisfaction and shareholder value creation. Powerful Financial Profile That Drives Long-Term Shareholder Value – Shareholders are expected to benefit from the significant free cash flow generated as a result of synergy capture, and the scale of the combined company would enable us to take advantage of operational efficiencies over the longer term to continuously improve the company’s financial profile. Financial Benefits of the Transaction  LogMeIn expects the combined company to have a strong financial profile, including: Pro Forma revenue of more than $1 billionPro Forma Adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 35%, after realizing year one run rate cost synergies of $65 millionPro Forma Free cash flow of more than $250 million (after year one run rate cost synergies)Anticipated Pro Forma 35%+ Free Cash Flow Accretion over Standalone LogMeIn (after year one run rate cost synergies) The combined company is expected to achieve run rate cost synergies of more than $100 million within two years post-close. Management, Governance and Headquarters LogMeIn’s Bill Wagner will continue in his role as President and CEO, and LogMeIn’s Ed Herdiech will serve as Chief Financial Officer. Certain members of the GoTo management team are expected to join the combined company as well. The combined company will be headquartered in Boston.        Upon closing, the combined company’s Board of Directors will consist of nine directors: five current LogMeIn directors and four Citrix director appointees. Citrix’s four director appointees have proven expertise in driving operational efficiency and will include current Citrix directors Bob Calderoni, Jesse Cohn, and Peter Sacripanti, as well as Citrix’s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, David Henshall. Michael Simon, former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of LogMeIn, will remain in place as Chairman of the combined company’s Board.  Bill Wagner will also retain his Board seat.  LogMeIn’s other three directors will be named at a later date. The Board will form an Operating Committee upon the close of the transaction, which will consist of two LogMeIn directors and two Citrix directors, all of whom will be named at a later date, to oversee the realization of the full value of the identified synergies. Management and the Operating Committee intend to retain the services of a globally recognized consulting firm to advise on the capture of synergies. Transaction Details  The combination of LogMeIn and Citrix’s GoTo family of products will be effected through a Reverse Morris Trust (RMT) transaction, pursuant to which Citrix has created a wholly owned subsidiary, or GetGo, to hold the GoTo business.  Citrix will distribute that subsidiary to Citrix shareholders in either a spin-off or split-off transaction. Immediately thereafter, the GetGo subsidiary will be merged with a wholly owned subsidiary of LogMeIn, with GetGo surviving the merger and remaining as a wholly owned subsidiary of LogMeIn. The combination will result in Citrix equityholders receiving an aggregate of approximately 27.6 million LogMeIn shares on a fully diluted basis. Under the RMT structure, the transaction is expected to be tax-free to Citrix and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Immediately following the transaction, Citrix shareholders will own approximately 50.1% of all outstanding shares of the combined company on a fully diluted basis, while existing LogMeIn shareholders will own approximately 49.9% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. The issuance of shares by LogMeIn in connection with the transaction requires approval by LogMeIn shareholders, and the transaction is subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, including receipt of opinions of counsel with respect to the tax-free nature of the proposed transaction.  In connection with the definitive agreement, Michael Simon, LogMeIn’s Chairman of the Board, who currently owns more than 3% of LogMeIn’s shares, has agreed to vote in favor of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017. In connection with approving the transaction, on July 26, 2016, LogMeIn’s Board of Directors also declared a special cash dividend of $0.50 per share of common stock.  The special dividend will be paid on August 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on August 8, 2016.  LogMeIn currently has approximately 25.3 million shares of common stock outstanding.   As contemplated by the definitive agreement, the Company announced that it currently expects to declare an additional dividend of $0.50 per share of common stock prior to the consummation of the transaction and a final dividend of $0.50 per share of common stock subject to the consummation of the transaction, on or about the date of such consummation. Advisors  RBC Capital Markets is serving as financial advisor and Latham & Watkins LLP is serving as legal counsel to LogMeIn. Qatalyst Partners and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are serving as financial advisors to Citrix, and Goodwin Procter LLP and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP are serving as legal counsel. Conference Call Details The two companies will host a joint conference call today at 4:30 p.m. E.T. to discuss this transaction. The call will include a slide presentation and participants are encouraged to view the presentation via webcast at https://investor.logmeininc.com/about-us/investors/overview/default.aspx The conference call may also be accessed by dialing: (877) 407-9124 (Toll Free) or (201) 689-8584 (International). A replay will be available for approximately 7 days, and can be accessed by dialing: (877) 481-4010 (Toll Free) or (919) 882-2331 (International) and using the ID 10063. In separate news releases, Citrix and LogMeIn both announced their financial results for the second quarter of 2016, ended June 30, 2016. Immediately following the discussion of the transaction, at 5:15 p.m. E.T., Citrix will discuss its financial results for the second quarter of 2016. LogMeIn will address any questions on earnings on the joint transaction call at 4:30 p.m. E.T. and has cancelled its previously scheduled earnings call set for July 28, 2016. About LogMeIn LogMeIn, Inc. (Nasdaq:LOGM) simplifies how people connect to each other and the world around them. With millions of users worldwide, our cloud-based solutions make it possible for people and companies to connect and engage with their workplace, colleagues, customers and products anywhere, anytime. LogMeIn is headquartered in Boston with offices in Bangalore, Budapest, Dublin, London, San Francisco and Sydney. About Citrix  Citrix (NASDAQ:CTXS) aims to power a world where people, organizations and things are securely connected and accessible to make the extraordinary possible. Its technology makes the world’s apps and data secure and easy to access, empowering people to work anywhere and at any time. Citrix provides a complete and integrated portfolio of Workspace-as-a-Service, application delivery, virtualization, mobility, network delivery and file sharing solutions that enables IT to ensure critical systems are securely available to users via the cloud or on-premise and across any device or platform. With annual revenue in 2015 of $3.28 billion, Citrix solutions are in use by more than 400,000 organizations and over 100 million users globally. Learn more at www.citrix.com. Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains “forward-looking statements” concerning LogMeIn, Inc. (“LMI”), Citrix Systems, Inc. (“Citrix”), GetGo, Inc. (“GetGo”), the proposed transactions and other matters. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “intend,” “foresee,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “may,” “estimate,” “outlook” and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations, beliefs and assumptions of the management of LMI, Citrix and GetGo concerning future developments, business conditions, anticipated synergies, pro forma financial results, the Company’s plans to issue dividends in connection with the transaction, and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the parties will be those that the parties anticipate. Among the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those described in the forward-looking statements are the following: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement, (2) the risk that LMI’s stockholders may not approve the issuance of the Company common stock in connection with the proposed merger, (3) the risk that the necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained or may be obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated, (4) risks that any of the closing conditions to the proposed merger, including Citrix’s distribution of the shares of GetGo, may not be satisfied in a timely manner, (5) risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transactions, (6) failure to realize the estimated synergies or growth from the proposed transactions or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected, (7) risks related to unanticipated costs of integration of GetGo by LMI, (8) the effect of the announcement of the proposed transactions or the consummation of the proposed transactions on the ability of LMI and Citrix to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their key business partners and customers, and on their operating results and businesses generally, (9) the length of time necessary to consummate the proposed transactions, (10) adverse trends in economic conditions generally or in the industries in which the LMI and Citrix operate, (11) adverse changes to, or interruptions in, relationships with third parties unrelated to the announcement, (12) LMI’s ability to compete effectively and successfully and to add new products and services, (13) LMI’s ability to successfully manage and integrate acquisitions, (14) the ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers in the manner anticipated, (15)  unanticipated changes relating to competitive factors in the parties’ industries, and (16) the business interruptions in connection with the LMI’s technology systems.  Discussions of additional risks and uncertainties are contained in LMI’s and Citrix’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). None of LMI, Citrix or GetGo is under any obligation, and each expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, alter, or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Persons reading this announcement are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction pursuant to the proposed transactions or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.  No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained, the public offer will not be made directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction, or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation, facsimile transmission, telephone and the internet) of interstate or foreign commerce, or any facility of a national securities exchange, of any such jurisdiction.  Important Additional Information Will be Filed with the SEC In connection with the proposed transaction, LogMeIn and GetGo intend to file registration statements with the SEC. LogMeIn will also file a proxy statement. Citrix stockholders are urged to read the prospectus and/or information statement that will be included in the registration statements and any other relevant documents when they become available, and LogMeIn stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement and any other relevant documents when they become available, because they will contain important information about LogMeIn, GetGo, Citrix and the proposed transactions. The proxy statement, prospectus and/or information statement and other documents relating to the proposed transactions (when they become available) can also be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The proxy statement, prospectus and/or information statement and other documents (when they are available) can also be obtained free of charge from Citrix upon written request to Investor Relations, 851 Cypress Creek Road, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309, or by calling (954) 229-5758 or upon written request to LogMeIn, Investor Relations, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210 or by calling (781) 897-0694. Participants in the Solicitation This communication is not a solicitation of a proxy from any security holder of LogMeIn. However, LogMeIn, Citrix and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders of LogMeIn in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information regarding the persons who are, under the rules of the SEC, participants in the solicitation of the stockholders of LogMeIn in connection with the proposed transactions, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus when it is filed with the SEC.  Information about the directors and executive officers of Citrix may be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 18, 2016, and its definitive proxy statement relating to its 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Information about the directors and executive officers of LogMeIn may be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2016, and its definitive proxy statement relating to its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on April 8, 2016.Contacts

LogMeIn Contacts:
Investors
Rob Bradley
781-897-1301
rbradley@LogMeIn.com 

Press
Craig VerColen
781-897-0696
Press@LogMeIn.com

Citrix Contacts:
Investors
Eduardo Fleites
954-229-5758
eduardo.fleites@citrix.com

Press
Eric Armstrong
954-267-2977
eric.armstrong@citrix.com


Related Articles
other press releases by LogMeIn, Inc.


LogMeIn Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
July 27, 2017 16:08


LogMeIn Sets Date to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results
July 11, 2017 16:08


GoToMeeting Unlocks the Value of Team Collaboration by Turning Any Space in to a Conference Room
June 27, 2017 09:00


LogMeIn Makes Digital Customer Service Smarter; Takes Aim at CRM Market with Introduction of Bold360
June 08, 2017 09:00


GoToWebinar Introduces New On-Demand and Video Sharing Capabilities to Help Marketers Better Engage with Customers
June 01, 2017 09:00






160



other news releases in

Mergers and Acquisitions

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

LogMeIn, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Boston, Massachusetts, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contacts

LogMeIn Contacts:
Investors
Rob Bradley
781-897-1301
rbradley@LogMeIn.com 

Press
Craig VerColen
781-897-0696
Press@LogMeIn.com

Citrix Contacts:
Investors
Eduardo Fleites
954-229-5758
eduardo.fleites@citrix.com

Press
Eric Armstrong
954-267-2977
eric.armstrong@citrix.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



LogMeIn, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



































Citrix GetGo, LogMeIn, Podio and RightSignature product inquires

















Support Knowledge Center












Log In











Knowledge Center






















































CTX200154
Citrix GetGo, LogMeIn, Podio and RightSignature product inquires














  Article







|
Customer Service






   
    |  0 
 found this helpful 



| Created: 29 Jul 2014

| Modified: 27 Apr 2017









Languages
 




















































Information



On September 1, 2016, the Citrix GoTo (Online) business became a subsidiary of Citrix known as GetGo, Inc. 
There will be NO change in support of the GetGo products (i.e., GetGo teams will provide support for GetGo products).  
Citrix GetGo Division offers 24 x 7 Customer Service and support for all of its products.  For a complete list of access numbers (All Countries) please visit http://support.citrixonline.com/en_US/Meeting/contact click Call Us and select the appropriate country.Citrix GetGo Contact Information (Canada & US)
1-888-646-0014 (US & Canada Toll Free) or +1-805-690-6400
	GoToMyPC  GoToMeeting   GoToTraining   GoToAssist    GoToWebinar  Open Voice
Email: info@citrixonline.com 
Citrix GetGo Contact Information (Latin America & Caribbean)
Citrix GetGo Division offers 24 x 7 Customer Service and support for all of its products*.  For contact information, refer below:

https://www.gotomeeting.com/contact-sales> Menu > Contact SalesMexico (Sales Only):  001-866-212-2012Other LAC/Caribbean countries (All inquiries): : +1-805-690-6400 Email: info@citrixonline.com GoTo TECH SUPPORT (Brazil and Mexico) - http://support.citrixonline.com/en_US/Meeting/contact
	Brazil: 

Toll Free: N/A
Mexico:	Toll Free:    N/A	Long Distance: +52 553 686 9789
*24x7 support is English only 



GetGo Sales Related Inquiry
1-888-646-0014 (US & Canada Toll Free) or +1-805-690-6400

GetGo Billing and Contractual Related Inquiry
Email: billingsupport@citrixonline.com 
LogMeIn Contact Information
Toll Free: 1-866-478-1805International: +1-781-897 5580Support is available 7:30pm Sunday to 8:30pm Friday (U.S. EST).Sales is available 2am to 7pm (U.S. EST), Monday through Friday 


Podio Support
Email support@podio.com or submit a ticket via https://help.podio.com/hc/en-us/requests/new  
RightSignature support 
1-800-921-4250 / ​Email: support@rightsignature.com
 












Citrix Support


Automatic translation
This article was translated by an automatic translation system and was not reviewed by people. Citrix provides automatic translation to increase access to support content; however, automatically-translated articles may can contain errors. Citrix is not responsible for inconsistencies, errors, or damage incurred as a result of the use of automatically-translated articles.
        






Soutien Citrix


Traduction automatique
Cet article a été traduit à l’aide d’un système de traduction automatique et n’a pas été relu. Citrix a recours à la traduction automatique afin d’améliorer l’accès au contenu de ses pages de support ; cependant, les articles traduits automatiquement peuvent contenir des erreurs. Citrix ne peut être tenu responsable des incohérences, des erreurs ou des dommages causés par l’utilisation des articles traduits de façon automatique.






Supporto Citrix


Traduzione automatica
Questo articolo Ã¨ stato tradotto da un sistema di traduzione automatica e non Ã¨ stata valutata da persone. Citrix fornisce traduzione automatica per aumentare l'accesso per supportare contenuti; tuttavia, articoli automaticamente tradotte possono possono contenere degli errori. Citrix non Ã¨ responsabile di incongruenze, errori o danni derivanti dell'uso di articoli automaticamente tradotte.






Citrix Support


Automatische Übersetzung
Dieser Artikel wurde mit einem automatischen Übersetzungssystem übersetzt und nicht von Personen überprüft. Citrix bietet automatische Übersetzungen, um den Zugriff auf Supportinhalte zu erweitern. Automatisch übersetzte Artikel können jedoch Fehler enthalten. Citrix ist nicht verantwortlich für Inkonsistenzen, Fehler oder Schäden infolge der Verwendung automatisch übersetzter Artikel.






Citrix技术支持


自动翻译
本文是通过自动翻译系统翻译的，未经人工审查。Citrix 提供自动翻译以提高对支持内容的访问，但自动翻译的文章可能包含错误。对于因使用自动翻译的文章导致出现的不一致、错误或损害，Citrix 不承担任何责任。






Citrix技術支持


自動翻譯
這篇文章被翻譯由一個自動翻譯系統，並沒有受到人們的審查。 Citrix提供自動翻譯，增加獲得支持的內容;但是，自動翻譯的文章可能可以包含錯誤。思傑不負責不一致，錯誤或損壞因使用自動翻譯的文章的結果。






Citrixのサポート


機械翻訳
この技術情報資料は、機械翻訳システムによって翻訳されたもので翻訳者によるレビューは受けていません。Citrixでは、サポートコンテンツへアクセスする機会を増やすため、機械翻訳を提供しています。しかしながら、機械翻訳の品質は翻訳者による翻訳ほど十分ではありません。誤訳や、文法、言葉使い、その他、たとえば日本語を母国語としない方が日本語を話すときに間違えるようなミスを含んでいる可能性があります。機械翻訳の品質、および技術情報資料の内容の誤訳やお客様が技術情報資料を利用されたことによって生じた直接または間接的な問題や損害については、いかなる責任も負わないものとします。






Поддержка Citrix


Tradução automática
Эта статья была переведена автоматической системой перевода и не был рассмотрен людьми. Citrix обеспечивает автоматический перевод с целью расширения доступа для поддержки контента; Однако, автоматически переведенные статьи могут может содержать ошибки. Citrix не несет ответственности за несоответствия, ошибки, или повреждения, возникшие в результате использования автоматически переведенных статей.






CitriSoporte de Citrix


автоматический перевод
Este artículo se ha traducido y publicado con la ayuda de un sistema de traducción automática, sin previa revisión de ninguna persona. Citrix recurre a la traducción automática para mejorar e incrementar el acceso a páginas de asistencia técnica. No obstante, la información publicada mediante traducción automática puede contener errores. Citrix no se responsabiliza por inconsistencias, errores o daños incurridos como resultado del uso de información generada por un sistema de traducción automática.






시트릭스 지원


자동 번역
이 문서 자동 번역 시스템에 의해 번역 된 사람들에 의해 검토되지 않았다. 시트릭스는 컨텐츠를 지원하기 위해 접근을 높이기 위해 자동 번역을 제공합니다; 그러나, 자동으로 번역 기사 오류를 포함 할 수있다. 시트릭스는 자동으로 번역 된 기사의 사용의 결과로 발생하는 불일치, 오류 또는 손해에 대해 책임을지지 않습니다.


























Get Additional Support





Call Technical Support

1 800 424 8749 (US)
0800 587 9031 (GB)
0800 182 5549 (DE)
0120 941 133 (JA)

View Additional Numbers




Open a Case
Open a ticket online for technical assistance with troubleshooting, break-fix requests, and other product issues.
Open a Case Online 




View Related Sites

Citrix Product Documentation
Citrix Discussions









Share this page



















































Home | getGo Cafe + Market

















Skip to main content











Find a Location













Find a Store










Menu



 
 











 





 





 





 





 


 


 
 






 


It's A Bull Market
Buy Two (2) Red Bull 12 oz. for $5.33 with your Advantage Card or $3.19 ea. 
Plus earn 3¢ Bonus fuelperks! on 2!


 


Freakishly Low Prices
Buy 2 Monster Mutant 20 oz. for $3 with your Advantage Card or $1.99 ea.
Plus earn 3¢ Bonus fuelperks! on 2!



 


Go On A Candy Conquest
Buy Two (2) Hershey’s King Size Candy for $3 with your Advantage Card or $1.99 ea.
Plus earn 3¢ Bonus fuelperks! on 2!














We're Hiring!

GetGo is already your go-to for great food and convenience, why not make us your go-to place for a great career? Check out our full-time and part-time opportunities.
Apply Today!







 






Get the good stuff! Sign up for our emails.




Email Address




Subscribe 








 
 




