




Global Financial Services | A leading wealth management firm




































Global Financial Services
A leading wealth management firm


RJ Client Login


MS Client Login


Contact










Previous
Next























Experience the Global Advantage


Global Financial Services, LLC is a leading wealth management firm based in Houston, Texas, that specializes in meeting the domestic and international investing needs of high-net worth individuals, families and corporations. Since 1994, Global has offered the highest levels of market experience, integrity, confidentiality and personalized service to clients. We distinguish ourselves not only by what we do, but through continuous client interaction aimed at understanding, implementing, managing and evaluating. We pride ourselves in delivering an uncommon level of individual service and client satisfaction. To schedule a free consultation, contact us.
Check the background of this firm on FINRA’s BrokerCheck.









Just as every situation is different, so is every financial plan. Let’s have a conversation about how the Global team can help you reach your financial goals.
































 




GFS Advisors LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:05 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of GFS Advisors LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
GFS Advisors LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to individuals and corporations and other businesses. The firm manages client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe. The firm also invests in exchange traded funds. It employs fundamental and technical analysis to make its investments. The firm uses a combination of external and internal research to make its investments. It is based in Houston, Texas. GFS Advisors LLC operates as a subsidiary of The Edelman Financial Group, Inc.


1330 Post Oak BoulevardSuite 2100Houston, TX 77056United States



Phone: 713-968-0400

Fax: 713-968-0499








Key Executives for GFS Advisors LLC




Mr. Robert Claus Arthur Benjamin


      	Managing Director and Founding Partner
      








Ms. Gerardo  Arturo Chapa


      	Managing Director and Founding Partner
      








Mr. Ricardo Perusquia


      	Managing Director and Founding Partner
      








Ms. Cynthia Lea Burnette


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. John Kenneth Bruno


      	Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GFS Advisors LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























GFS Advisory























skip navigation







Welcome to GFS Advisory!



				Contact Us
			




270 Constitution Blvd.


Lawrenceville,
				
GA
30046     






Phone: (678) 638-1256




E-mail address: 
nathaniel@GFSadvisory.com











Home


About Us


Our Associates


Families & Individuals


Small Business Owners


Log Into My Account




Contact Us






Welcome to GFS Advisory!











Welcome to GFS Advisory!
Welcome to GFS Advisory. We are a full-service financial planning firm that focuses on helping people transition to retirement and company-sponsored retirement plans. Our goal is to create long-term relationships with clients and work a customized plan for your success and peace of mind. Please browse our site and feel free to reach out with any questions or to schedule a time to meet. Check us out on BrokerCheck.













				Contact Us
			




270 Constitution Blvd.


Lawrenceville,
				
GA
30046     






Phone: (678) 638-1256




E-mail address: 
nathaniel@GFSadvisory.com










Home


About Us


Our Associates


Families & Individuals


Small Business Owners


Log Into My Account




Contact Us






Securities offered through 1st Global Capital Corp. Member FINRA, SIPC. Investment Advisory services offered through 1st Global Advisors, Inc. We currently have individuals licensed to offer securities in the states of AL, FL, GA, LA, NV, PA, SC, TN and TX. This is not an offer to sell securities in any other state or jurisdiction. Insurance services offered through 1st Global Insurance Services, Inc. 



Privacy Policy


Site Map






 











 




	Contact Us - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.










































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us






























GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.Donald A. GaladeCEOdba Kingdom Financial Ministry15 N. Beisels Rd.Drums, PA 18222570-501-1200don@kingdomfinancialministry.com

 
Map of Office Location


Go to Map








SIGN UP NOW





Enter your name and e-mail to receive e-mail updates from me.

NAME:

E-MAIL:





Submit





















Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 













	TD Ameritrade Log In - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.









































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us






















Client Log In
»
TD Ameritrade Log In













Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 













	Reource Center - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.









































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us































2016 Numbers to Know





Click for detials












Gov. Agencies





Social Security 







Medicare







Health Care







Veterans Admin.














Elder Care





Directory of Services 



















What is a Registered Investment Advisor Firm?

GFS Financial Advisors, LLC is an independent Registered Investment Advisor. Our mission is to provide the families and businesses we serve with innovative financial strategies, solutions, and planning that result in financial clarity and security.


In the financial services industry, there are generally two ways of obtaining financial advice: one is given by stockbrokers and the other is given by Investment Advisors.


While many investors aren't even aware differences exist, one of the main differences is that investment advisors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of their clients at all times.


 












Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 













	Client Log In - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.









































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us





































Physical Gold and Silver through GFS, Inc.


















Retirement Basics 




















Stock Market Stop Loss
















Chartiable Giving





Estate Planning Ideas




















Investment Basics 




















Intro to Annuities 
















Money Managers 





Virtue Advisors 







Gradient Investments 














Financial Institutions





Some of the Co.'s we use

















Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 



















Money Making Articles Hot Stuff | News – Analysis






 


















 
















 




































All News
Business
Tech

Tech
Finance
About
Contributors
Contacts




Today's Date:  Friday, July 28th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						







Market News


More »
		
	


Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Lifted Msa Safety (MSA) Position; Ramco Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT)’s Sentiment Is 1.4
Richard Conner
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans increased Msa Safety Inc (MSA) stake by 14.63% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans acquired 49,619 shares as Msa Safety Inc (MSA)’s stock rose 10.73%. The Thrivent Financial For Lutherans holds 388,739 shares with $26.95M value, up from 339,120 last quarter. Msa Safety Inc now ... 




Macquarie Reconfirms a “Buy” Rating on American Tower (AMT) and $150.0000 Target, Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Had 3 Bullish Analysts
Ellis Scott
Among 6 analysts covering Mercer Intl (NASDAQ:MERC), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. Mercer Intl had 11 analyst reports since August 26, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with “Outperform” on Tuesday, February 16. Raymond James upgraded Mercer International ... 


Penn Capital Management Co Lowered Its La Quinta Hldgs (LQ) Stake; Shorts at Boyd Gaming (BYD) Lowered By 4.62%
Richard Conner
Boyd Gaming Corporation (NYSE:BYD) had a decrease of 4.62% in short interest. BYD’s SI was 10.72M shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 4.62% from 11.24M shares previously. With 1.25 million avg volume, 9 days are for Boyd Gaming Corporation (NYSE:BYD)’s short sellers to cover BYD’s short positions. The SI ... 




First Fiduciary Investment Counsel Has Upped Its General Electric (GE) Stake, Affymetrix, Inc. (AFFX) Had 0 Analysts Last Week
Torray Has Cut Eog Resources (EOG) Holding, Malibu Boats (MBUU) Covered By 2 Bullish Analysts Last Week
Security Capital Research & Management Has Lowered Its General Growth Pptys New (GGP) Holding; Mine Safety Appliances Co (MSA) Has 2.04 Sentiment
Group One Trading LP Increased Blackstone Group LP (BX) Holding; Shorts at Trinity Industries (TRN) Lowered By 3.1%
United Capital Financial Advisers Has Raised Its Cognizant Technology Solutions A (CTSH) Position; Cadinha & Co Has Trimmed Apple (AAPL) Position By $5.81 Million
Ranger Investment Management LP Has Boosted Mohawk Industries (MHK) Stake By $469,640; 3 Bullish Analysts Covering Polaris Industries Inc. (PII)
Clough Capital Partners LP Has Decreased Its Clovis Oncology (CLVS) Position; Tcw Group Raised Ross Stores (ROST) Stake
Macquarie Group LTD Has Upped By $1.19 Million Its Norfolk Southern (NSC) Holding, Banner (BANR)’s Sentiment Is 2.04
Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Decreased By $785,018 Its O Reilly Automotive New (ORLY) Position; Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF) Shorts Up By 6.16%
Glacier Peak Capital Increased By $1.18 Million Its Unisys (UIS) Position; Blucora (BCOR) Sellers Increased By 9.87% Their Shorts
Vertex One Asset Management Lowered Bluerock Residential Grw Rei (BRG) Stake By $1.37 Million, Sarasin & Partners Llp Has Lowered By $24.64 Million Its Hartford Finl Svcs Group (HIG) Stake
13D Management Increased Pandora Media (P) Holding By $3.70 Million, Select Medical Holdings (SEM) Sentiment Is 1.23
Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Reaches $150.46 High on Jul, 28; Hightower Advisors Has Lowered Pinnacle West Cap (PNW) Position
Broad Run Investment Management Has Lifted Its Markel (MKL) Holding, Lattice Semiconductor (LSCC) Has 1.26 Sentiment
Arrowgrass Capital Partners LP Cut Its Aetna New (Call) (AET) Stake; Axar Acquisition (AXAR) Shorts Lowered By 16.67%
Par Capital Management Has Decreased By $2.20 Million Its Jetblue Airways (JBLU) Stake; DavidsTea (DTEA) Covered By 0 Bullish Analysts Last Week
Next Century Growth Investors Trimmed Neogenomics (NEO) Position By $3.90 Million; Lindsell Train LTD Increased Disney Walt Co (DIS) Position
Key Group Holdings Cayman LTD Has Cut By $2.92 Million Its Sm Energy Co (SM) Position, Avalonbay Communities (AVB) SI Decreased By 0.44%
Brinker Capital Lifted By $3.23 Million Its Altria Group (MO) Holding; Last Week Husky Energy Inc. (TSE:HSE) Analysts






Trending Stock News


More »
		
	




Westwood Holdings Group Cut Its J2 Global (JCOM) Holding; Bar Harbor Bankshares (NYSEMKT:BHB) Shorts Raised By 11.46%
Pete Kolinski
Bar Harbor Bankshares (NYSEMKT:BHB) had an increase of 11.46% in short interest. BHB’s SI was 196,400 shares in July as ... 

Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association Of America Boosted By $2.34 Million Its Bb&T (BBT) Holding, Trueblue (TBI) Has 1.46 Sentiment
Marie Mckinney
Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association Of America increased Bb&T Corp (BBT) stake by 42.13% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Teachers ... 

Aeglea Bio Therapeutics (AGLE) Reaches $3.34 Yearly Low; Last Week SGL Carbon SE (ETR:SGL) Coverage
sdlfksdklf klsdf
Among 12 analysts covering SGL Carbon (ETR:SGL), 3 have Buy rating, 5 Sell and 4 Hold. Therefore 25% are positive. ... 


Gotham Asset Management Has Raised Ncr New (NCR) Holding By $5.01 Million, Dorsey & Whitney Trust Company Has Lowered By $340,860 Its Cvs Caremark (CVS) Holding
Marie Mckinney
Dorsey & Whitney Trust Company Llc decreased Cvs Caremark Corporation (CVS) stake by 26.8% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Dorsey ... 


Petroleum & Resources Decreased Ppg Inds (PPG) Holding By $582,800, American Assets Trust (AAT) Has 1.44 Sentiment
Marguerite Chambers
Petroleum & Resources Corp decreased Ppg Inds Inc (PPG) stake by 4.7% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Petroleum & Resources ... 

Mountain Lake Investment Management Cut Its Koppers Holdings (KOP) Stake; Bioanalytical Systems (BASI) Sellers Decreased By 58.29% Their Shorts
test
Bioanalytical Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:BASI) had a decrease of 58.29% in short interest. BASI’s SI was 42,500 shares in July as ... 



Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Reaches $7.53 After 9.00% Up Move; BLUESTEM GROUP (BGRP) Shorts Down By 17.86%
Nellie Frank
The stock of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPPI) is a huge mover today! The stock increased 2.31% or $0.17 during the ... 

Fortaleza Asset Management Lowered By $793,100 Its Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Stake; Victory Capital Management Decreased Allegheny Technologies (ATI) Holding By $5.20 Million
Dolores Ford
Victory Capital Management Inc decreased Allegheny Technologies Inc (ATI) stake by 13.86% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Victory Capital Management ... 

Boothbay Fund Management Raised By $425,952 Its Adobe Sys (ADBE) Stake, Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Fielmann AG (ETR:FIE)
Peter Erickson
Boothbay Fund Management Llc increased Adobe Sys Inc (ADBE) stake by 35.3% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Boothbay Fund Management ... 


Kbc Group Nv Lowered By $2.20 Million Its International Flavors&Fragra (IFF) Holding; Victory Capital Management Has Increased Coherent (COHR) Stake By $2.40 Million
Peter Erickson
Victory Capital Management Inc increased Coherent Inc (COHR) stake by 2148.28% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Victory Capital Management Inc ... 


Kingfisher Capital Decreased By $2.49 Million Its Kayne Anderson Mlp Invt (KYN) Stake; Advisors Asset Management Has Cut By $347,940 Its Copa Holdings Sa (CPA) Stake
sdlfksdklf klsdf
Kingfisher Capital Llc decreased Kayne Anderson Mlp Invt (KYN) stake by 53.72% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Kingfisher Capital Llc ... 



Mountain Lake Investment Management Cut Its Koppers Holdings (KOP) Stake; Bioanalytical Systems (BASI) Sellers Decreased By 58.29% Their Shorts
Credit Suisse Ag Upped Charles Riv Labs Intl (CRL) Position, 5BARZ INTERNATIONAL (BARZ) Shorts Down By 74.09%
Pacific Global Investment Management Company Lowered Its Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Position, Advantus Capital Management Has Raised Education Realty Trust (EDR) Stake
Rodgers Brothers Has Raised Its General Mills (GIS) Stake; John Bean Technologies (JBT) Has 1.12 Sentiment
Msdc Management LP Decreased By $3.85 Million Its Ezcorp (EZPW) Position; Algebris Investments Llp Trimmed By $3.04 Million Its Prudential Finl (PRU) Stake
Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Has Decreased Its Parker (PH) Stake, Axogen (AXGN) Shorts Lowered By 8.06%
Tortoise Capital Advisors Cut Its Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Position; Aviat Networks (AVNW) SI Decreased By 3.32%
I-G Investment Management LTD Decreased Keycorp New (KEY) Stake By $4.41 Million, Gulf Keystone Petroleum Limited (LON:GKP) Had 3 Analysts Last Week
Rare Infrastructure LTD Has Raised Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Position; Profile of 2 Analysts Covering Cabot (CBT)
Numina Capital Management Has Boosted Marathon Pete (MPC) Position By $7.18 Million; 1 Analysts Are Bullish Old National Bancorp (ONB) Last Week





  

 
 



  Recent Posts 

Westwood Holdings Group Cut Its J2 Global (JCOM) Holding; Bar Harbor Bankshares (NYSEMKT:BHB) Shorts Raised By 11.46%


Manning and Napier (MN) Reaches $4.05 After 6.00% Down Move, Winnebago Industries (WGO) Has 1.42 Sentiment


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Reaches $7.53 After 9.00% Up Move; BLUESTEM GROUP (BGRP) Shorts Down By 17.86%


Fortaleza Asset Management Lowered By $793,100 Its Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Stake; Victory Capital Management Decreased Allegheny Technologies (ATI) Holding By $5.20 Million


Boothbay Fund Management Raised By $425,952 Its Adobe Sys (ADBE) Stake, Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Fielmann AG (ETR:FIE)


Kbc Group Nv Lowered By $2.20 Million Its International Flavors&Fragra (IFF) Holding; Victory Capital Management Has Increased Coherent (COHR) Stake By $2.40 Million


Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Lifted Msa Safety (MSA) Position; Ramco Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT)’s Sentiment Is 1.4


United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund Trimmed Philip Morris (PM) Position By $16.29 Million, Last Week Petroleum Geo-Services ASA (ADR) (PGSVY) Coverage


Macquarie Reconfirms a “Buy” Rating on American Tower (AMT) and $150.0000 Target, Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Had 3 Bullish Analysts


Teachers Retirement System Of The State Of Kentucky Boosted Visteon (VC) Stake By $837,375, Donald Smith & Company Lowered Its Horace Mann Educators (HMN) Position







© Copyright 2016 MMAHotStuff - mmahotstuff.com - All Rights Reserved. -  About - Editorial - Contact














            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	  
























	Calculators - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.










































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us






















Client Log In
»
Calculators














Calculators

Got a question that involves number crunching? Use the calculators on this page to find the mathematical answer to the most commonly asked number-crunching questions, and see your inputs displayed next to the graph, chart, and/or table output in a side-by-side display.












                                            Calculator: 
Auto Loan Payment Calculator
Buying a Home (Mortgage Payment) Calculator
Debt Consolidation Calculator
Disability Income Needs Calculator
Federal Estate Tax Estimator
Federal Gift Tax Estimator
Federal Income Tax Estimator 2016/2017
Investor Profile and Asset Allocation Calculator
Life Insurance Needs Calculator
Loan Amortization Calculator
Long-Term Care Needs Calculator
Net Worth Calculator
Personal Cash Flow Worksheet
Portfolio Withdrawal Calculator
Reaching Your Investment Goal Calculator
Retirement Income Calculator
Retirement Sustainable Withdrawal Rate Accumulation Projection
RMD (Lifetime Required Distributions: Traditional IRAs) Calculator
Roth IRA Conversion Calculator
Roth IRA Future Value Calculator
Saving for College Calculator
Saving for Retirement Calculator
Saving or Investing Calculator
Simple Sustainable Withdrawal Projector
Social Security Break Even Calculator
Taxable vs. Tax-Free Bonds Calculator
The Impact of Inflation on Investment Returns Calculator
Traditional IRA Future Value Calculator
Traditional vs. Roth IRA Calculator



Print This Page
















Auto Loan Payment CalculatorLoan amount$Annual interest rate%Term--Select--1 year 2 years3 years4 years5 years6 years7 years8 years9 years10 years
    Before buying a new or used car, it's likely that many questions will arise, particularly in 
    regard to financing. For example:What will the monthly payment be?How will the loan term affect the monthly payment (e.g., 3-year, 6-year)?How will the interest rate affect the monthly payment?This calculator can be used to answer these questions and illustrate key issues.
    Enter the required values to calculate the monthly payment, and select the desired output. An annual amortization table and two charts comparing principal and interest payments can be generated.
    




Auto Loan Payment Calculator ResultsMonthly payment: $359.37Total payments: $21,562Total interest: $1,562Your monthly payment is: $359
        This chart shows the part of your yearly payments that is applied to interest and the part that is applied to principal.
      
        Over time, though your payments stay the same, the interest portion decreases, and the principal portion increases.
      Over the term of your loan you have total payments of $21,562, of which $1,562 is interest payments.View TableStart OverAssumptions
      Calculation assumes constant monthly payments over the life of the loan, monthly calculation of interest on the remaining unpaid principal, and no prepayment. Only principal and interest payments are included; property tax and/or insurance payments are not included.
    




















©2017 Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.







Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 













GFS Advisors LLC                                                                                                         - Houston                                           , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Houston



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            GFS Advisors LLC
                                    



 





















G 


GFS Advisors LLC                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1330 POST OAK BLVD # 2100 HOUSTON, TX 77056
Get Directions



(713) 968-0400
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $43,462.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts Kenneth Bruno John                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Gfs Advisors Llc                                                                                                         is located at 1330 Post Oak Blvd # 2100 in Houston and has been in the business of Business Services, Nec since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Market Summaries - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.

















































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us





























Market Summaries

The market summaries on this page are available in weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual editions, and also include a video, multimedia version of the monthly, quarterly, and annual editions. Market summaries contain information on the Dow, S&P 500, NASDAQ, Russell 2000, Global Dow, Federal Funds interest rate, and 10-year Treasury yields, along with highlights of recent events important to the markets and future dates for key data releases.











select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend




 

Key Dates/Data Releases
		7/24: Existing home sales7/25: Consumer confidence7/26: New home sales, FOMC meeting report7/27: Durable goods orders, international trade in goods 7/28: GDP, consumer sentimentMarket Week: July 24, 2017
	 The Markets (as of market close July 21, 2017)
		   Except for the Dow, each of the indexes listed here posted modest gains by the close of last week. Favorable corporate earnings reports helped boost the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq, which performed the best.  The Russell 2000 gained almost 0.50% and the Global Dow inched ahead a little over 0.1%. Year-to-date, the tech-heavy Nasdaq leads the way as it surges toward a 20.0% gain, followed by the Global Dow, the S&P 500, the Dow, and  the Russell 2000.        Low inflation may be influencing investors to move away from Treasuries, as yields  fell sharply last week.   A midweek push in oil prices wasn't enough to keep them from closing the week below $46 per barrel.The price of crude oil (WTI) closed at $45.60 per barrel, down from the prior week's closing price of  $46.68 per barrel. The price of gold (COMEX) closed last week at $1,261.10 by
			 late Friday afternoon, $33.10 ahead of the prior week's price of $1,228.00. The national average retail regular gasoline price decreased to $2.278 per gallon on July 17, 2017, $0.019 lower
than the previous week's price, but $0.048 higher than a year ago.Market/Index2016
				  ClosePrior WeekAs of 7/21Weekly ChangeYTD
				  ChangeDJIA19762.6021637.7421580.07
				  -0.27%

				  9.20%
Nasdaq5383.126312.476387.751.19%
18.66%
S&P
				  5002238.832459.272472.540.54%
10.44%
Russell
				  20001357.131428.821435.840.49%
5.80%
Global
				  Dow2528.212829.442833.200.13%
12.06%
Fed. Funds 
				  target rate0.50%-0.75%1.00%-1.25%1.00%-1.25%0
				  bps 50 bps10-year
				  Treasuries2.44%2.33%2.23%   -10 bps-21 bpsChart reflects price changes, not total return. Because it
			 does not include dividends or splits, it should not be used to benchmark
			 performance of specific investments. 
		  Last Week's Economic Headlines
		  Fluctuations in import and export prices provide a useful gauge of inflationary trends both domestically and abroad. In June, import and export prices declined 0.2%, respectively. Over the last 12 months, import prices have risen 1.5%, while export prices have increased 0.6% over the same period. This report is in line with other inflationary indicators, which show that price growth has stagnated during the second quarter of the year. The beginning of summer has seen new residential construction gain momentum following a lackluster spring. For June, the number of housing starts (residential construction that's begun) jumped 8.3% over May, the number of building permits issued increased by 7.4%, and housing completions advanced 5.2%. In the week ended July 15, the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims for unemployment insurance was 233,000, a decrease of 15,000
from the previous week's revised level. The previous week's level was revised up by 1,000 from 247,000 to 248,000. The advance seasonally adjusted insured unemployment rate remained 1.4%, unchanged
from the previous week's unrevised rate. During the
week ended July 8, there were 1,977,000 receiving unemployment insurance benefits, an increase of 28,000 from the previous week's revised level. The previous week's
level was revised up by 4,000 from 1,945,000 to 1,949,000.Eye on the Week Ahead 
		  The FOMC meets this week; however it is not expected that the Committee will increase interest rates at this meeting. The FOMC next meets at  the end of September. The latest economic information on the second-quarter GDP is released at the end of this week.  According to the first report for the second quarter, the economy slowed compared to the first quarter — advancing at a rate of 1.4%. Reports for new and existing home sales for June are also available this week. Existing home sales climbed 1.1% in May, while new home sales advanced 2.9%.Data sources: News items are based on reports from
			 multiple commonly available international news sources (i.e. wire services) and
			 are independently verified when necessary with secondary sources such as
			 government agencies, corporate press releases, or trade organizations. Market
			 data: Based on data reported in WSJ Market Data Center (indexes); U.S. Treasury
			 (Treasury yields); U.S. Energy Information Administration/Bloomberg.com Market
			 Data (oil spot price, WTI Cushing, OK); www.goldprice.org (spot gold/silver);
			 Oanda/FX Street (currency exchange rates). All information is based on sources
			 deemed reliable, but no warranty or guarantee is made as to its accuracy or
			 completeness. Neither the information nor any opinion expressed herein
			 constitutes a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any securities, and
			 should not be relied on as financial advice. Past performance is no guarantee
			 of future results. All investing involves risk, including the potential loss of
			 principal, and there can be no guarantee that any investing strategy will be
			 successful.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a
			 price-weighted index composed of 30 widely traded blue-chip U.S. common stocks.
			 The S&P 500 is a market-cap weighted index composed of the common stocks of
			 500 leading companies in leading industries of the U.S. economy. The NASDAQ
			 Composite Index is a market-value weighted index of all common stocks listed on
			 the NASDAQ stock exchange. The Russell 2000 is a market-cap weighted index
			 composed of 2,000 U.S. small-cap common stocks. The Global Dow is an equally
			 weighted index of 150 widely traded blue-chip common stocks worldwide. Market
			 indices listed are unmanaged and are not available for direct investment.












select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend






















select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend




















select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend










©2017 Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.







Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 





















BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Gfs Advisors LLC - Financial Services Firm, Houston, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Gfs Advisors LLC





Gfs Advisors LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Gfs Advisors LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Gfs Advisors LLC is a RIA based in Houston, TX with $2B in AUM and with 13 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Houston, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
11


Total Assets
$1,881,851,986



Website







Location
        



1330 Post Oak Blvd


Houston,
TX
77056


713-968-0400









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





SPDR STOXX Europe 50 ETF

$643,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on July 2, 2017





$1.9B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






390

          
Accounts
          


$4.8M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
13





name

start date









Victor Manuel Villarreal Guerra

February 2008 







Soledad Longoria Seman

September 2015 







Javier I Ajjam Altimari

April 2013 







John Kenneth Bruno

March 2011 







Claudia Margarita Reyes

February 2017 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Edelman Financial Services, LLC
              
IAR
              
$17,783,062,724
              


Global Financial Services, L.L.C.
              
Broker-Dealer
              
$355,938,000
              


Lee Equity Partners, LLC
              
IAR
              
$978,279,538
              


Smh Capital Advisors LLC
              
IAR
              
$440,548,810
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Jack Brandon Repa

Chief Compliance Officer
      
November, 2014
      
less than 5%
      


John Kenneth Bruno

Chief Operating Officer
      
December, 2010
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees

Other


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Gfs Advisors LLC - Financial Services Firm, Houston, Texas - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Gfs Advisors LLC





Gfs Advisors LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Gfs Advisors LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Gfs Advisors LLC is a RIA based in Houston, TX with $2B in AUM and with 13 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Houston, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
11


Total Assets
$1,881,851,986



Website







Location
        



1330 Post Oak Blvd


Houston,
TX
77056


713-968-0400









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





SPDR STOXX Europe 50 ETF

$643,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on July 2, 2017





$1.9B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






390

          
Accounts
          


$4.8M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
13





name

start date









Victor Manuel Villarreal Guerra

February 2008 







Soledad Longoria Seman

September 2015 







Javier I Ajjam Altimari

April 2013 







John Kenneth Bruno

March 2011 







Claudia Margarita Reyes

February 2017 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Edelman Financial Services, LLC
              
IAR
              
$17,783,062,724
              


Global Financial Services, L.L.C.
              
Broker-Dealer
              
$355,938,000
              


Lee Equity Partners, LLC
              
IAR
              
$978,279,538
              


Smh Capital Advisors LLC
              
IAR
              
$440,548,810
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Jack Brandon Repa

Chief Compliance Officer
      
November, 2014
      
less than 5%
      


John Kenneth Bruno

Chief Operating Officer
      
December, 2010
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees

Other


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































	Home - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.


















































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us































GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.'s


mission is to help provide our clients with complete financial peace of mind. Our holistic philosophy focuses on relationships, respect, commitment, confidence and expertise. Our strategies focus on accumulation, distribution,
 protection and performance, but most importantly Asset Allocation and Protection.


We focus on the big picture for our clients. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC. considers all aspects of financial planning
not just your investments. 

We review recent tax returns, all investment plans, your existing debt structure, short and long term savings vehicles, insurance plans and legacy documents, to ensure each client has a comprehensive and customized plan that meets their individual goals.



 






Donald A. Galade, Author of: In God We Trust, the Dollar We Worship










What is a Registered Investment Advisor Firm?

GFS Financial Advisors, LLC is an independent Registered Investment Advisor. Our mission is to provide the families and businesses we serve with innovative financial strategies, solutions, and planning that result in financial clarity and security.


In the financial services industry, there are generally two ways of obtaining financial advice: one is given by stockbrokers and the other is given by Investment Advisors.


While many investors aren't even aware differences exist, one of the main differences is that investment advisors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of their clients at all times.


 









It's not what you earn, it's what you keep.







Newsletters







Saving or Investing: Is There a Difference?
Financially speaking,
  the terms "saving" and "investing" are often used interchangeably. But the concepts behind these terms  actually have some important differences.
Read More



Do I have to pay an additional tax on investment income?
You might, depending on a few important factors. 
Read More



What is asset allocation?
Each type of investment has specific strengths and weaknesses that enable it to play a specific role in your overall investing strategy. Some investments may offer 
Read More



Six Life Insurance Beneficiary Mistakes to Avoid
Life insurance has long been recognized as a useful way to provide for your heirs and loved ones when you die.   Naming your policy's beneficiaries should be a 
Read More



Taxes, Retirement, and Timing Social Security

 The advantages of tax deferral are often emphasized when it comes to saving for retirement. So it might seem like a good idea to hold off on taking taxable 
Read More



How can I protect my Social Security number from identity theft?
Your Social Security number is one of your most important personal identifiers. If identity thieves obtain your Social Security number, they can 
Read More



What do I need to do to create a will?
A will is a legal document that is generally used to describe how you want your estate to be distributed after your death. It might also be used to name an executor for 
Read More



Think Twice Before Counting on a COLA

 The rising costs of food, gas, electricity, and health care can strain anyone's budget. The situation is even worse if your living expenses increase while your income 
Read More



Periodic Review of Your Estate Plan

 An estate plan is a map that explains how you want your personal and financial affairs to be handled in the event of your incapacity or death. It allows you to 
Read More



When 401(k) Plans Go Bad--Avoiding Disqualification
As a small-business owner, you probably either have, or have considered adopting, a 401(k) plan. 401(k) plans have assumed their starry status in the 
Read More



    























































At GFS Financial Advisors, LLC, we believe no two investors are alike. In order to help each client meet their financial goals, we base our process on a client focused personalized approach using multiple investment strategies.


Our advice and recommendations are tailored to our clients' investment goals, desired return objectives, risk tolerance, time horizon, cash requirements and tax situation.


Our investment strategy is designed based on your long-term investment goals of preserving principal, maximizing income or accumulating capital.

 








Client Alerts!











select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend












What the experts say about RIA's





CLICK HERE FOR MORE




























































As a fiduciary, we have an obligation to ensure the appropriate products are chosen based on the client's best interest.


Therefore we develop your personalized asset allocation model based on individual risk tolerance, objectives and financial needs.


Our goal is to maximize your investment returns while minimizing your risk through diversification of your assets.












Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 













	Blog - GFS Financial Advisors, LLC.


















































HomeAbout UsMarket SummariesBlogFAQ'sResource Center

TD Ameritrade Log InLife EventsNewslettersCalculatorse-SeminarsVideo Alerts

Contact Us



































Mar

10
Funeral Checklist 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Funeral




Death of a Family Member Checklist 

Losing a loved one can be a difficult experience. Yet, during this time, you must complete a variety of tasks and make important financial decisions. You may need to make final arrangements, notify various businesses and government agencies, settle the individual's estate, and provide for your own financial security. The following checklist may help guide you through the matters that must be attended to upon the death of a family member. 

Some of the following tasks may have to be completed by the estate's executor.   

Initial tasks  
Upon the death of your loved one, call close family members, friends, and clergy first--you'll need their emotional support. 
Arrange the funeral, burial or cremation,...

Continue Reading »











Mar

10
Wealth from Inheritance








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Inheritance




Wealth Due to Inheritance 

What is it? 

Introduction 

If you're the beneficiary of a large inheritance, you may find yourself suddenly wealthy. Even if you expected the inheritance, you may be surprised by the size of the bequest or the diverse assets you've inherited. You'll need to evaluate your new financial position, learn to manage your sizable assets, and consider the tax consequences of your inheritance, among other issues.  

Issues that arise in connection with an inheritance 

If you've recently received a bequest, consider the possibility that the will may be contested if your inheritance was large in comparison with that received by other beneficiaries. Or, you may decide to contest the will if you feel slighted. If you're...

Continue Reading »











Mar

10
Social Secuirty and the Military 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Military, Social Security




Do military retirement benefits affect Social Security? 

Answer: 

Generally, there is no reduction of Social Security benefits because of your military retirement benefits. You can collect both Social Security benefits upon reaching age 62 and military retirement pay once you reach a certain time threshold in active duty, the Reserves or Guard. You'll get your full Social Security benefit based on your earnings history. 

In addition, if you participate in the Department of Defense program, Survivor Benefit Plan, the amount paid to the surviving plan beneficiary is no longer reduced when the beneficiary is eligible for Social Security.

Continue Reading »











Mar

10
VA Mortgage 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Military, VA Mortgages




What's involved in getting a VA mortgage?  

Answer:  

If you are a veteran who served in active duty during or after World War II, you may be eligible for a VA mortgage. Before applying for a VA mortgage, your eligibility must be verified by the Department of Veterans Affairs, formerly known as the Veterans Administration. To obtain a VA certificate of eligibility, complete VA Form 26-1880, titled Request for Determination of Eligibility and Available Loan Entitlement, and submit it to the nearest VA regional office.  

In addition to meeting the VA eligibility requirements, you must obtain a VA appraisal on the property you are purchasing. To obtain an appraisal, complete VA Form 26-1805, titled Request for Determination of Reasonable...

Continue Reading »











Mar

10
I was in the Military 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Military




As a servicemember, can I contribute to an IRA?  

Answer:  

 You may contribute to an IRA if you're a member of the armed forces. The rules that apply to servicemembers regarding IRA contributions and distributions generally are the same rules that apply to civilians. 

You're allowed to contribute up to $5,500 to a traditional IRA in 2017, as long as you're under age 70½ and you have earned income. In addition, if you're age 50 or older, you can make an extra "catch-up" contribution of $1,000 in 2017. You can make your annual contribution up to April 15 of the following year. Also, if you meet certain conditions, you may be able to contribute an additional $5,500 in 2017 to an IRA in your spouse's name (plus an additional $1,000 catch-up...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Financial Stress








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
financial stress: anxiety: loss




Five Steps to Tame Financial Stress 

 Do you sometimes lie awake at night thinking about bills that need to be paid? Does it feel as though you're drowning in debt? If this describes you, you might take solace in the fact that you're not alone. A recent report released by the American Psychological Association (APA) showed that 72% of adults feel stressed about money at least some of the time, and 22% said the amount of stress they experienced was extreme.1 

The bad news is that stress can be responsible for multiple health problems, including fatigue, headaches, and depression. And, over time, stress can contribute to more significant health issues, including high blood pressure and heart disease.2 The good news is that there are some...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Tax Planning 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
tax planning




Three Tax Planning Concepts  

There are many ways to potentially reduce your tax burden. Here are three tax planning concepts that you should be familiar with.  
 Tax deferral  

When you defer taxes to later years, any earnings compound without being reduced by income taxes. As a result, your investment may grow at a faster rate than if earnings were subject to income tax each year. In some cases, such as with a qualified plan or a traditional IRA, tax deferral may be combined with an initial tax deduction or exclusion from income for contributions. 

Tax deferral can be provided by tax-advantaged accounts that generally defer any taxation until distributions are made. Examples include qualified plans and IRAs, annuities, health savings...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Investment Income taxes








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
taxes:capital gains:income tax:investment income:




Do I have to pay an additional tax on investment income? 

You might, depending on a few important factors.  

A 3.8% net investment income tax is imposed on the unearned income of high-income individuals. The tax is applied to an amount equal to the lesser of:   
Your net investment income  
The amount of your modified adjusted gross income (basically, your adjusted gross income increased by an amount associated with any foreign earned income exclusion) that exceeds $200,000 ($250,000 if married filing a joint federal income tax return, and $125,000 if married filing a separate return)   

So if you're single and have a MAGI of $250,000, consisting of $150,000 in earned income and $100,000 in net investment income, the 3.8% tax will only...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Health Insurance Options 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
health insurance:obamacare:aca:healthcare.gov




How do I compare my health insurance options during open enrollment? 

 The decisions you make during open enrollment season regarding health insurance are especially important, since you generally must stick with the options you choose until the next open enrollment season, unless you experience a "qualifying" event such as marriage or the birth of a child. As a result, you should take the time to carefully review the types of plans offered by your employer and consider all the costs associated with each plan.  

With most health insurance plans, your employer will pay a portion of the premium and require you to pay the remainder through payroll deductions. When comparing different plans, keep in mind that even though a plan with a lower...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Storing your information 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
cloud:data:person history




I'm thinking about storing financial documents in the cloud. What should I know?  

Cloud storage--using Internet-based service providers to store digital assets such as books, music, videos, photos, and even important documents including financial statements and contracts--has become increasingly popular in recent years. But is it right for you?  

Opinions vary on whether to store your most sensitive information in the cloud. While some experts say you should physically store items you're not willing to lose or expose publicly, others contend that high-security cloud options are available.  

 If you're thinking about cloud storage for your financial documents, consider the following:  
Evaluate the provider's reputation. Is the service...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Review your Insurance Coverage 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
life insurance, health insurance, home owners insurance,




Are There Gaps in Your Insurance Coverage? 

 Buying insurance is about sharing or shifting risk. For example, health insurance will cover some of the cost of medical care. Homeowners insurance will assume some of the risk of loss in the event your home is damaged or destroyed. But oftentimes we think we're covered for specific losses when, in fact, we're not. Here are some common coverage gaps to consider when reviewing your own insurance coverage.  
Life insurance 

In general, you want to have enough life insurance coverage (when coupled with savings and income) to allow your family to continue living the lifestyle to which they're accustomed. But changing circumstances may leave a gap in your life insurance coverage. 

For example, if...

Continue Reading »











Jan

07
Portfolio Performance








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
portfolio performance, stock market, loss, gains




Assessing Portfolio Performance: Choose Your Benchmarks Wisely   

You can't help but hear about the frequent ups and downs of the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500 index. The performance of both major indexes is widely reported and analyzed in detail by financial news outlets around the nation. 

Like the Dow, the S&P 500 tracks the stocks of large domestic companies. With 500 stocks compared to the Dow's 30, the S&P 500 comprises a much broader segment of the stock market and is considered to be representative of U.S. stocks in general. Both indexes are generally useful tools for tracking stock market trends, but some investors mistakenly think of them as benchmarks for how well their own portfolios should be doing. 

However,...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Illness








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Health




Coping with Illness 

What is coping with illness? 

Illness is unpredictable because it usually strikes without much warning and it's difficult to predict how long a disabling illness will last. As used here, illness refers to both a disabling illness or injury that leaves you unable to work and earn income, thus putting you in a precarious financial position. Coping with illness means figuring out a way to survive physically, emotionally, and financially.   

Taking leave from work 

You may feel guilty or reluctant to take time off from work when you're sick, particularly if you aren't entitled to paid sick leave or your employer discourages employees from taking time off. You may worry about getting fired because you are unable to...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Medical Bills 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Health Insurance




Coping with Medical Bills 

A single procedure or trip to the hospital can fill your mailbox with stacks of bills. These can come from hospitals, doctors, pharmacies, emergency rooms, labs, and many others. The stress involved with handling all of this paperwork can be almost as overwhelming as the illness or injury itself. If your medical bills start to pile up faster than you can pay them, don't wait for a crisis to occur before doing something about it. 

Get organized 

Don't throw anything away. Keep all receipts, insurance forms, bills, and anything else that relates to your medical care. Organize your bills so you can keep track of them. One way is to make a file for each provider. Inside each file, organize the bills by date of...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Life Insurance 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Life Insurance




Life Insurance: Do You Need It? 

At some point in your life, you'll probably be faced with the question of whether you need life insurance. Life insurance is a way to protect your loved ones financially after you die and your income stops. The answer to whether you need life insurance depends on your personal and financial circumstances. 

Should you buy life insurance? 

You should probably consider buying life insurance if any one of the following is true:  
You are married and your spouse depends on your income 
You have children 
You have an aging parent or disabled relative who depends on you for support 
Your retirement savings and pension won't be enough for your spouse to live on 
You have a large estate and expect to owe estate...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Giving 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Charity




Charitable Giving 

When developing your estate plan, you can do well by doing good. Leaving money to charity rewards you in many ways. It gives you a sense of personal satisfaction, and it can save you money in estate taxes. 

A few words about transfer taxes 

The federal government taxes transfers of wealth you make to others, both during your life and at your death. In 2015, generally, the federal gift and estate tax is imposed on transfers in excess of $5,430,000 and at a top rate of 40 percent. There is also a separate generation-skipping transfer (GST) tax that is imposed on transfers made to grandchildren and lower generations. For 2015, there is a $5,430,000 exemption and the top rate is 40 percent. 

You may also be subject to...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Hardship








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Employment Hardhips




I am behind on my mortgage payments. Will my lender begin foreclosure proceedings? 

Question: 

I am behind on my mortgage payments. Will my lender begin foreclosure proceedings?  

Answer:  

When you buy a home using a mortgage loan, your home becomes collateral for the loan. If you do not repay the mortgage loan as agreed, your lender has the right to take your property and sell it to satisfy the debt, also known as foreclosure.  

Whether or not your lender will begin foreclosure proceedings depends on exactly how far behind you are on your mortgage payments. If you are only a month or two behind on payments, your lender will not likely begin foreclosure proceedings. Typically, a lender will not file for foreclosure unless the lender...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Job Loss 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Employment




Surviving Financially When You're Unemployed 

What is it? 

When you lose your job, you may have to put yourself on a financial diet. Just as losing weight is simple if you eat less (and exercise more), staying afloat financially is simple if you spend less. Is this process going to be easy? No, of course not. But it can be done with a little self-discipline, some creativity, and a lot of planning. 

Plan for a six-month period of unemployment 

It's hard to know how long you'll be unemployed. You may find a new job within a matter of weeks, or it may take you months. However, it's best to plan for a worst-case scenario, probably six months. Most likely, you'll find a job sooner, and you can throw the rest of your plan in the trash. But,...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
New Job








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Employemnt




Considering a New Employment Opportunity 

What is it? 

In the past, workers stayed with the same company for years and years, working their way up in the company. However, times have changed. Businesses facing hard economic times restructure, forcing employees to look for new jobs. It's also become common for workers to change jobs several times throughout their careers as they seek higher salaries and new professional opportunities. Whether you're forced to seek a new employment opportunity or are willingly doing so, you'll eventually be faced with an important decision: When you're offered a job, should you take it?   

Make sure the offer is firm before you evaluate it 

Although it may be useful to explore an employment opportunity,...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
COBRA 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Cobra




COBRA Coverage: Health Care During Transitional Periods 

What is COBRA? 

The term "COBRA" is commonly used to refer to certain provisions of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986. This law provides an opportunity for employees and their dependents who have been covered by an employer-sponsored health insurance plan to continue coverage under circumstances where such coverage might otherwise have been terminated. The covered employee is entitled to COBRA coverage only in cases of termination or reduction in hours. In addition, there are several situations in which an employee's spouse and dependent children may be eligible for COBRA benefits. The duration of COBRA coverage is limited and depends on the...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Dealing with a crises








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Crises




Dealing with Periods of Crisis 

What is it? 

By definition, a crisis is a turning point, a time when you have to make crucial decisions (often suddenly) that will affect your future. Although smart planning is the key to effectively dealing with periods of crisis, you may find yourself suddenly dealing with an unexpected event that you didn't prepare for, and you wonder what to do next. Whether you're planning ahead or dealing with a crisis now, take control. There's no escaping the fact that a crisis is a life-changing event, but how you handle a crisis will, in part, determine whether your life changes for the better or for the worse.   

Planning for a future crisis 

Identify and manage risk 

What future crises are you likely to...

Continue Reading »











Dec

08
Do you need a check up?








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Risk




08, 2015  

It's generally a good idea to review your employer-sponsored retirement savings plan at least once each year and when major life changes occur. If you haven't given your plan a thorough review within the last 12 months, now may be a good time to do so.  

Have you experienced any life changes?  

Since your last retirement plan review, have you experienced any major life changes? For example, did you get married or divorced, buy or sell a house, have a baby, or send a child to college? Perhaps you or your spouse changed jobs, received a promotion, or left the workforce entirely. Has someone in your family experienced a change in health? Or maybe you inherited a sum of money that has had a material impact on your net worth. Any...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Rollover(s)








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
401(k)




Can I roll a retirement plan distribution into an IRA? 

Answer: 

If you're asking this question, you probably have a 401(k) or other retirement plan through a former employer. The short answer is yes--most retirement plans allow you to roll your plan funds over into an IRA after you've left your employer's service. However, there is more than one way to do a rollover, and how you do it can be critical. 

In most cases, your best strategy is to do a direct rollover. This is a direct transfer of funds from your employer-sponsored plan to your IRA. The administrator of your employer-sponsored plan may send the check right to the trustee of the IRA you have selected. That way, the money never passes through your hands. Alternatively, the plan...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Borrowing from you 401(k)








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
401(k)




Borrowing or Withdrawing Money from Your 401(k) Plan 

If you have a 401(k) plan at work and need some cash, you might be tempted to borrow or withdraw money from it. But keep in mind that the purpose of a 401(k) is to save for retirement. Take money out of it now, and you'll risk running out of money during retirement. You may also face stiff tax consequences and penalties for withdrawing money before age 59½. Still, if you're facing a financial emergency--for instance, your child's college tuition is almost due and your 401(k) is your only source of available funds--borrowing or withdrawing money from your 401(k) may be your only option. 

Plan loans 

To find out if you're allowed to borrow from your 401(k) plan and under what...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
What is a 401(k)








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
401(k)




401(k) Plans: The Basics 

Retirement plans established under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, commonly referred to as "401(k) plans," have become one of the most popular types of employer-sponsored retirement plans. 

What is a 401(k) plan? 

A 401(k) plan is a retirement savings plan that offers significant tax benefits while helping you plan for the future. You contribute to the plan via payroll deduction, which can make it easier for you to save for retirement. One important feature of a 401(k) plan is your ability to make pretax contributions to the plan. Pretax means that your contributions are deducted from your pay and transferred to the 401(k) plan before federal (and most state) income taxes are calculated. This...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
What to do with your 401(k)








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
401(k)




Deciding What to Do with Your 401(k) Plan When You Change Jobs 

When you change jobs, you need to decide what to do with the money in your 401(k) plan. Should you leave it where it is, or take it with you? Should you roll the money over into an IRA or into your new employer's retirement plan? 

As you consider your options, keep in mind that one of the greatest advantages of a 401(k) plan is that it allows you to save for retirement on a tax-deferred (or in the case of Roth accounts, potentially tax-free) basis. When changing jobs, it's essential to consider the continued tax-deferral of these retirement funds, and, if possible, to avoid current taxes and penalties that can eat into the amount of money you've saved. 

Take the money and...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
529 Withdrawals








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
529 Plans




529 Plans: The Ins and Outs of Contributions and Withdrawals 

Section 529 plans can be powerful college savings tools, but you need to understand how your plan works before you can take full advantage of it. Among other things, this means becoming familiar with the finer points of contributions and withdrawals. A little knowledge could save you money and maximize your chances of reaching the educational goals you've set for your children. But keep in mind that all investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal, and there can be no assurance that any investment strategy will be successful. 

How much can you contribute? 

To qualify as a 529 plan under federal rules, a state program must not accept contributions in excess...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
College Savings Plans #2








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
529 Plans




College Savings Plans vs. Prepaid Tuition Plans 

Section 529 plans are popular college savings vehicles. Due to the demand for them, nearly every state now operates at least one type of 529 plan (either a prepaid tuition plan or a college savings plan), and an increasing number are offering both. To choose the type of 529 plan that's right for you, it's important to understand how prepaid tuition plans and college savings plans work and the differences between them. 

How does each plan work? 

As 529 plans, both college savings plans and prepaid tuition plans offer significant federal tax advantages. Funds in each type of plan grow tax deferred, and withdrawals from either plan used for the beneficiary's qualified education expenses are...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
College Savings 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
529 Plans




Comparison of College Savings Vehicles 

  	529 plans  	Coverdell ESA  	U.S. savings bonds  	Custodial account   

 	Participation restrictions  	No, though state-run prepaid tuition plans are generally limited to state residents 	Yes, income limit for contributions and $2,000 maximum annual contribution per child 	No, but ability to exclude bond proceeds from federal income tax depends on income 	No  

 	Control of underlying investments  	No 	Yes 	Yes 	Yes  

 	Federal tax-free withdrawals if funds are used for qualified education expenses 	Yes (withdrawals may also be exempt from state income tax, depending on state law) 	Yes (withdrawals may also be exempt from state income tax, depending on state law) 	Yes, but income limits and other...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
529 Plans #2








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
529 Plans




The history of 529 plans 

Congress created Section 529 plans in 1996 in a piece of legislation that had little to do with saving for college--the Small Business Job Protection Act. The law on 529 plans was later refined in 1997 by the Taxpayer Relief Act, in 2001 by the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act, and in 2006 by the Pension Protection Act. In this short period, 529 plans have emerged as one of the top ways to save for college. 

Section 529 plans are officially known as qualified tuition programs under federal law. The reason "529 plan" is commonly used is because 529 is the section of the Internal Revenue Code that governs their operation.  

What exactly is a 529 plan? 

A 529 plan is a college savings vehicle that...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
529 Plans 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
529 Plans




529 Plans (Qualified Tuition Programs) 

Introduction  

Since their introduction nearly a decade ago, Section 529 plans have revolutionized the way parents, grandparents, and others save for college. Americans have poured billions of dollars into 529 plans, and contributions are expected to keep flowing in the years ahead. What makes these plans so special? The primary advantage of 529 plans is that funds in the plan are free from income tax at the federal level when used to pay the beneficiary's qualified education expenses. Plus, anyone can open a 529 account, regardless of income level or state of residence.  

There are two types of 529 plans--college savings plans and prepaid tuition plans. Each works differently, and it's important...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
IRA Distributions








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




Distributions from Traditional IRAs: Prior to Age 59½ 

In general 

A withdrawal from an IRA is generally referred to as a distribution. If you receive a distribution from your traditional IRA before you reach the age of 59½, the federal government considers this a premature distribution. Like all distributions from traditional IRAs, premature distributions are generally taxable. You will pay federal (and possibly state) income tax on the portion of the distribution that represents tax-deductible contributions, any pre-tax funds that were rolled over into the IRA from an employer-sponsored retirement plan, and investment earnings. In addition to regular income tax, distributions taken prior to age 59½ may be subject to a 10 percent federal...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Rollovers








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




Rollovers from Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans 

In general  

If you withdraw cash or other assets from an employer-sponsored retirement plan ("employer plan") in an "eligible rollover distribution," (defined below) you can defer paying tax on the distribution by rolling all or part of it over to another employer plan or to a traditional IRA. You don't include the amount rolled over in your income until you receive it in a distribution from the recipient plan or IRA. 

You can also roll all or part of your distribution to a Roth IRA. You'll pay income tax on the taxable portion of your distribution at the time of the rollover, but qualified distributions from the Roth IRA are free from federal income taxes. 

Special rules apply to...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
IRA FAQ #3








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




Converting Funds from a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA: Factors to Consider 

 	Questions 	Factors to consider   

 	Do you qualify to convert funds from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA?  	  
Guessing incorrectly may have serious consequences; the conversion of funds from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA is considered a taxable distribution, subject to federal income tax and a possible penalty. 
The fact that you qualify to convert funds from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA doesn't necessarily mean you should; consider the following factors before making a decision.    

 	Will you pay the tax that results from converting funds with outside (non-IRA) funds?  	  
Converting traditional IRA funds to a Roth IRA will result in federal income tax...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
IRA FAQ's #2








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




Investment choices appropriate for IRAs 

Remember that an IRA is not itself an investment, but a tax-advantaged vehicle in which you can hold some of your investments. Choosing specific investments to fund your IRAs is an important decision. Here are some points to keep in mind:  
You need to decide how to invest your IRA dollars based on your own retirement goals, tolerance for risk, investment philosophy, and other personal factors 
How fast your IRA dollars grow is largely a function of the investments that you choose, as well as tax deferral 
There are specific types of investments that you cannot use to fund your IRAs (such as collectibles), and there are some choices that usually make more sense as IRA investments than others (e.g.,...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
IRA FAQ's #1  








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




IRAs
 What is an individual retirement account (IRA)? 

An individual retirement account (IRA) is a personal savings plan that offers specific tax incentives to encourage you to save for retirement. Currently, there are two types of retirement IRAs. Traditional IRAs allow for tax-deductible contributions under certain conditions. Roth IRAs are funded with after-tax dollars, but may allow for tax-free withdrawals under certain conditions. 

It is important to realize that an IRA is not itself an investment, but a tax-advantaged vehicle in which you can hold some of your investments. You need to decide how to invest your IRA dollars based on your own tolerance for risk and investment philosophy. How fast your IRA dollars grow is largely a...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Understanding your IRA








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
IRA's




Understanding IRAs 

An individual retirement arrangement (IRA) is a personal savings plan that offers specific tax benefits. IRAs are one of the most powerful retirement savings tools available to you. Even if you're contributing to a 401(k) or other plan at work, you should also consider investing in an IRA. 

What types of IRAs are available? 

The two major types of IRAs are traditional IRAs and Roth IRAs. Both allow you to contribute as much as $5,500 in 2016 (unchanged from 2015). You must have at least as much taxable compensation as the amount of your IRA contribution. But if you are married filing jointly, your spouse can also contribute to an IRA, even if he or she has little or no taxable compensation, as long as your combined...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Loss of a spouse 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Death




My spouse just died. Who do I need to notify? 

If your spouse had a will (or even absent a will), it's important to discuss your immediate options with your family financial advisor or attorney regarding the estate. One of the first matters to resolve is how the death benefit of your spouse's life insurance policy, if any, will be paid out. Life insurance benefits are not paid automatically, so you'll need to contact your insurance agent or company to file a claim and to find out what your payout options are. Take time to carefully evaluate these options. The same is true for any retirement plan in which your spouse participated. If he or she was part of a profit-sharing plan, 401(k) plan, Keogh plan (for self-employed workers), or some...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Estate Taxes








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Estate Planning




Gift and Estate Taxes 

If you give away money or property during your life, those transfers may be subject to federal gift and estate tax and perhaps state gift tax. The money and property you own when you die (i.e., your estate) may also be subject to federal gift and estate tax and some form of state death tax. These property transfers may also be subject to generation-skipping transfer taxes. You should understand all of these taxes, especially since the passage of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (the 2001 Tax Act), the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 (the 2010 Tax Act), and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (the 2012 Tax Act). The 2001, 2010, and 2012...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Trusts








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Trusts




Options:  	 

What is a living trust? 

Question: 

What is a living trust?  

Answer:  

A living trust is a popular estate planning tool that lets you (1) retain control over the trust property while you are alive, (2) avoid guardianship in case you become incapacitated and can no longer handle your own financial affairs, and (3) pass trust property outside of probate when you die.  

Legally, a living trust is a separate entity that you create while you are living to "own" property, such as a house, boat, jewelry, or mutual funds. The trust is revocable, which means that you can make changes to it, or even end it, at any time. For example, you may want to remove certain property from the trust or change the beneficiaries. Or you may...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Life Insurance Basics 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Life Insurance




Life Insurance Basics 

Life insurance is an agreement between you (the policy owner) and an insurer. Under the terms of a life insurance policy, the insurer promises to pay a certain sum to a person you choose (your beneficiary) upon your death, in exchange for your premium payments. Proper life insurance coverage should provide you with peace of mind, since you know that those you care about will be financially protected after you die.  

The many uses of life insurance  

One of the most common reasons for buying life insurance is to replace the loss of income that would occur in the event of your death. When you die and your paychecks stop, your family may be left with limited resources. Proceeds from a life insurance policy make cash...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Death








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Death




Organizing Your Finances When Your Spouse Has Died 

Losing a spouse is a stressful transition. And the added pressure of having to settle the estate and organize finances can be overwhelming. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to make dealing with these matters less difficult. 

Notify others 

When your spouse dies, your first step should be to contact anyone who is close to you and your spouse, and anyone who may help you with funeral preparations. Next, you should contact your attorney and other financial professionals. You'll also want to contact life insurance companies, government agencies, and your spouse's employer for information on how you can file for benefits.  

Get advice 

Getting expert advice when you need it is...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
LTC








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Long Term Care




The Sandwich Generation: Juggling Family Responsibilities 

At a time when your career is reaching a peak and you are looking ahead to your own retirement, you may find yourself in the position of having to help your children with college expenses while at the same time looking after the needs of your aging parents. Squeezed in the middle, you've joined the ranks of the "sandwich generation."  

What challenges will you face?  

Your parents faced some of the same challenges that you may be facing now: adjusting to a new life as empty nesters and getting reacquainted with each other as a couple. However, life has grown even more complicated in recent years. Here are some of the things you can expect to face as a member of the sandwich...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Budgeting 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Budgeting




Establishing a Budget 

Do you ever wonder where your money goes each month? Does it seem like you're never able to get ahead? If so, you may want to establish a budget to help you keep track of how you spend your money and help you reach your financial goals. 

Examine your financial goals 

Before you establish a budget, you should examine your financial goals. Start by making a list of your short-term goals (e.g., new car, vacation) and your long-term goals (e.g., your child's college education, retirement). Next, ask yourself: How important is it for me to achieve this goal? How much will I need to save? Armed with a clear picture of your goals, you can work toward establishing a budget that can help you reach them.  

Identify your...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Military Benefits 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Military Benefits




Military Benefits 

What is it? 

As a current member or veteran of the U.S. armed forces, you may be entitled to a number of military benefits. The term benefits, as used here, includes military pay as well as other programs set up to improve the lives of military personnel. Because the scope of military benefits is enormous and ever-changing, this is intended only to be a broad overview of the subject. Servicemembers and veterans seeking more specific information should consult the appropriate government source.   

Who is eligible for military benefits? 

Active duty servicemembers are eligible to receive many benefits from the military including base pay, special duty pay, allowances for housing costs and food, money for education,...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Medicare Enrollment








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Medicare




Question: 

How do I enroll in Medicare? 

Answer: 

You'll be automatically enrolled in Medicare when you turn 65 if you're already receiving Social Security benefits, or when you apply for Social Security benefits at age 65. In either case, the Social Security Administration will notify you that you're being enrolled. 

Although there's no cost to enroll in Medicare Part A (Hospital Insurance), you'll pay a premium to enroll in Medicare Part B (Medical Insurance). If you've been automatically enrolled in Part B, you'll be notified that you have a certain amount of time after your enrollment date to decline coverage. Even if you decide not to enroll in Medicare Part B during the initial enrollment period, you can enroll later during the...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Understanding Social Security 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Social Security




Over 63 million people today receive some form of Social Security benefits. (Source: Fast Facts & Figures About Social Security, 2014) But Social Security is more than just a retirement program. Its scope has expanded to include other benefits as well, such as disability, family, and survivor's benefits. 

How does Social Security work? 

The Social Security system is based on a simple premise: Throughout your career, you pay a portion of your earnings into a trust fund by paying Social Security or self-employment taxes. Your employer, if any, contributes an equal amount. In return, you receive certain benefits that can provide income to you when you need it most--at retirement or when you become disabled, for instance. Your family members...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Retirement Planning 








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Retirement




The Basics 

You may have a very idealistic vision of retirement--doing all of the things that you never seem to have time to do now. But how do you pursue that vision? Social Security may be around when you retire, but the benefit that you get from Uncle Sam may not provide enough income for your retirement years. To make matters worse, few employers today offer a traditional company pension plan that guarantees you a specific income at retirement. On top of that, people are living longer and must find ways to fund those additional years of retirement. Such eye-opening facts mean that today, sound retirement planning is critical. 

But there's good news: Retirement planning is easier than it used to be, thanks to the many tools and...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Asset Protection








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Asset Protection




Introduction  

If you haven't done any asset protection planning, your wealth is vulnerable to potential future creditors and, should the worst happen,you could lose everything. 

Lawsuits, taxes, accidents, and other financial risks are facts of everyday life. And though you'd like to believe that you're safe, misfortune can befall even the most careful person. What can you do? First, identify your potential loss exposure, then implement strategies that are designed to help reduce that exposure without compromising your other estate and financial planning objectives. 

First, a word about fraudulent transfers   

Part of your overall asset protection plan might include repositioning assets to make it legally difficult for potential future...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
How to begin an Estate Plan








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Estate Planning




How do you begin? 

There are many estate planning strategies, including some that are implemented inter vivos (during life), such as making gifts, and others post-mortem (after death), such as disclaimers. Before you choose which strategies are right for you, you need to understand your particular circumstances. 

Gather and analyze the facts 

Understanding your particular circumstances results from gathering and analyzing the facts. The following questions may help you to accomplish this. If they are not easy to answer, you may have to make some estimates based on reasonable assumptions and expectations. 

Information regarding your financial condition  
What is your current income? 
What is your income likely to be in the future? 
How...

Continue Reading »











Dec

07
Intro To Estate Planning








select

BloggerDiggGoogleBookmarksGooglePlusOneRedditStumbleUponTumblrTell a friend







Tags:
Estate Planning




What is estate planning? 

Simply stated, estate planning is a method for determining how to distribute your property during your life and at your death. It is the process of developing and implementing a master plan that facilitates the distribution of your property after your death and according to your goals and objectives. 

At your death, you leave behind the people that you love and all your worldly goods. Without advance planning, you have no say about who gets what, and more of your property may go to others, like the federal government, instead of your loved ones. If you care about (1) how and to whom your property is distributed, and (2) ensuring that your property is preserved for your loved ones, you need to know more about...

Continue Reading »












Older Entries >>


All Entries






RECENT POSTS


                               Funeral Checklist 



                               Wealth from Inheritance



                               Social Secuirty and the Military 



                               VA Mortgage 



                               I was in the Military 



                               Financial Stress



                               Tax Planning 



                               Investment Income taxes



                               Health Insurance Options 



                               Storing your information 

CATEGORIES


                               401(k) (4)



                               529 Plans (5)



                               Asset Protection (1)



                               Budgeting (1)



                               Charity (1)



                               cloud:data:person history (1)



                               Cobra (1)



                               Crises (1)



                               Death (2)



                               Employemnt (1)



                               Employment (1)



                               Employment Hardhips (1)



                               Estate Planning (3)



                               financial stress: anxiety: loss (1)



                               Funeral (1)



                               Health (1)



                               Health Insurance (1)



                               health insurance:obamacare:aca:healthcare.gov (1)



                               Inheritance (1)



                               IRA's (6)



                               Life Insurance (2)



                               life insurance, health insurance, home owners insurance, (1)



                               Long Term Care (1)



                               Medicare (1)



                               Military (1)



                               Military Benefits (1)



                               Military, Social Security (1)



                               Military, VA Mortgages (1)



                               portfolio performance, stock market, loss, gains (1)



                               Retirement (1)



                               Risk (1)



                               Social Security (1)



                               tax planning (1)



                               taxes:capital gains:income tax:investment income: (1)



                               Trusts (1)










Tell A Friend



Connect with us on:        

                









Site Map | Home | About Us | Market Summaries | Blog | FAQ's | Resource Center | Contact Us  




  

 
Copyright © 2017 GFS Financial Advisors, LLC | All Right Reserved. Call or email to

All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and our editorial staff. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources; however,
 we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your individual adviser prior to implementation. Fee-based financial planning and investment advisory services are offered by GFS Financial
 Advisors, LLC  a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Pennsylvania. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC and Galade Financial Services Inc. are affiliated companies. Insurance products and services are offered through Galade Financial Services Inc. Precious
 metals are offered through Galade Financial Services, Inc.  The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State
 of Pennsylvania or where otherwise legally permitted. GFS Financial Advisors, LLC does not provide, tax, or legal advice. The information presented here is not specific to any individual's personal circumstances.  To the extent that this material concerns
 tax matters, it is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by a taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by law. Each taxpayer should seek independent advice from a tax and legal professional based on his or her individual
 circumstances. These materials are provided for general information and educational purposes based upon publicly available information from sources believed to be reliable—we cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of these materials. The information in
 these materials may change at any time and without notice.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the state(s) of PA. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced. 






















GFS ADVISORS, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






GFS ADVISORS, LLC






1330 POST OAK BLVD, SUITE 2100, HOUSTON,  Texas, 77056, (713) 968-0400


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
154


New Positions
17


Increased Positions
64


Decreased Positions
66


Positions with Activity
130


Sold Out Positions
12


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
515



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
5.69%


Basic Materials
14.17%


Industrials
4.44%


Consumer Cyclicals
3.88%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
9.77%


Financials
46.02%


Healthcare
5.41%


Technology
4.59%


Telecommunication Services
4%


Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






154 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



CEMEX SAB DE CV
SPON ADR NEW
70,217
-3,912
(5.28)
7,321,866


BANK AMER CORP
COM
36,829
-3,132
(7.84)
1,527,526


BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARI
SPONSORED ADR
18,316
374
2.08
2,030,630


GENERAL ELECTRIC CO
COM
18,100
-417
(2.25)
701,804


FOMENTO ECONOMICO MEXICANO SAB
SPON ADR UNITS
15,313
-707
(4.41)
151,600


SPDR INDEX SHS FDS
EURO STOXX 50
15,129
1,055
7.50
381,951


SPDR DOW JONES INDL AVRG ETF
UT SER 1
14,057
-358
(2.48)
64,565


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
12,958
-3,923
(23.24)
52,420


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
12,520
1,113
9.75
95,696


PEPSICO INC
COM
10,090
1,224
13.81
85,986


APPLE INC
COM
9,522
-9,888
(50.94)
63,247


VANGUARD ADMIRAL FDS INC
500 GRTH IDX F
9,436

New
74,600


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
FTSE EMR MKT ETF
9,370
-800
(7.87)
219,031


PROSHARES TR
ULTRAPRO QQQ
8,850

New
79,200


GENERAL MTRS CO
COM
8,549
-1,256
(12.81)
237,875


ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC
SPONS ADR A
8,502
398
4.92
153,793


PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO
COM
7,713
854
12.45
85,058


TELEFONICA S A
SPONSORED ADR
7,691
-2,116
(21.58)
672,253


BANCO SANTANDER SA
ADR
7,154
-1,572
(18.02)
1,063,005


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
S&P 500 ETF SHS
7,027

New
30,950




<< first< previous12345678next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            U.S. regulators weigh MetLife appeal against "too big to fail" label
                        



	                     5:49PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Toshiba to give Western Digital notice on closing memory sale
                        



	                     5:43PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            AT&T executives to run combined company after Time Warner deal
                        



	                     5:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            ANALYSIS-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     5:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            CANADA STOCKS-TSX falls as energy and financial shares retreat
                        



	                     5:28PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































