    Stephen Ghiglieri | MedData Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Stephen F Ghiglieri - Oakland, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stephen F Ghiglieri in Oakland, CA


Stephen F Ghiglieri

                                                                           Intelius found that Stephen F Ghiglieri  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Oakland, CA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Stephen P Ghiglieri


Get Report Now

Age

Stephen F Ghiglieri is in his 50s

Stephen Has Lived In

Oakland, CA
San Leandro, CA
Brecksville, OH

Stephen's Relatives

Carol Ghiglieri
Andrew Ghiglieri
Arthur Ghiglieri
Mary Ghiglieri







Stephen F Ghiglieri



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Financial Officer at Meddata Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stephen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stephen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stephen F Ghiglieri
Get a Criminal Check on Stephen F Ghiglieri
Get a Public Record Report on Stephen F Ghiglieri
Get a People Search Report on Stephen F Ghiglieri


Stephen F Ghiglieri's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stephen F Ghiglieri has lived as well as Stephen F Ghiglieri's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stephen F Ghiglieri Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Stephen F Ghiglieri


920 W***** A** 

Oakland, CA


Has Lived In

Oakland, CA
San Leandro, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stephen F Ghiglieri

(510) ***-**** - Oakland, CA 
(415) ***-**** - Oakland, CA 
(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stephen F Ghiglieri

s********r@***.com
s********r@***.com
s*****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Stephen F Ghiglieri's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Stephen F Ghiglieri's academic history.  Find out which schools Stephen F Ghiglieri attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Stephen F Ghiglieri received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stephen F Ghiglieri Has Attended 2 Schools
California State University-east Bay 1979 – 1983               Stephen F Ghiglieri has a BA in Business Administration               
California State University-east Bay               1979 – 1983               Stephen F Ghiglieri has a Ba, Business Administration in Business Administration               


Stephen F Ghiglieri's Professional Information
Information regarding Stephen F Ghiglieri's professional history.  Find out previous places Stephen F Ghiglieri has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stephen F Ghiglieri Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Meddata Inc
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Neurogesx , Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President
Stephen F Ghiglieri's Experience
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Meddata Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. MedData, a MEDNAX (NYSE: MD) company, is a technology-enabled services organization that improves financial outcomes for hospitals by enhancing the patient experience and expanding their access to healthcare. The MedData managed services platform includes a range of patient access and communications, revenue cycle management, and consulting and analytics solutions. For more than 35 years, the company has been providing innovative services and technologies to the medical community and serving millions of patients across numerous medical specialties. MedData currently serves more than 5,000 physicians at a growing network of 1,000+ facilities nationwide from its headquarters in Brecksville, Ohio and 7 regional offices across the U.S.
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Neurogesx , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Stephen F Ghiglieri

 See Stephen F Ghiglieri's LinkedIn Profile



Stephen F Ghiglieri's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stephen F Ghiglieri


Stephen F Ghiglieri's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stephen F Ghiglieri's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stephen Ghiglieri
Username Matches

                  StephenGhiglieri
                  GhiglieriStephen
                  Stephen.Ghiglieri
                  Ghiglieri.Stephen
                  Stephen_Ghiglieri
                  Ghiglieri_Stephen
                  Stephen-Ghiglieri
                  Ghiglieri-Stephen
                  SGhiglieri
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Ghiglieri







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



NeurogesX Appoints Stephen Ghiglieri as Chief Financial Officer; New CFO Brings Experience in IPOs, Acquisitions and Licensing | Business Wire


























































NeurogesX Appoints Stephen Ghiglieri as Chief Financial Officer; New CFO Brings Experience in IPOs, Acquisitions and Licensing






BIOWIRE2K


October 16, 2003 10:16 AM Eastern Daylight Time



				SAN CARLOS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 16, 2003--NeurogesX today announced it has appointed Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ghiglieri, who has experience in public offerings, acquisitions and licensing for life sciences and software companies, will assume responsibility for all financial aspects of NeurogesX's business activities.  "Stephen's track record in helping emerging growth companies from the R&D phase through product introductions makes him an excellent match for NeurogesX," said Anthony A. DiTonno, CEO and President of NeurogesX. "As we continue making progress in our clinical trials, and as we continue to look at opportunities to expand our product portfolio, Stephen's effective management of our financial resources will play an important role in our success." 

 NeurogesX is conducting two sets of pivotal trials, including the treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia (associated with shingles) and the treatment of painful HIV-associated neuropathy.  Mr. Ghiglieri was most recently Chief Financial Officer of Hansen Medical, Inc., Palo Alto, CA, an early state medical device company. Earlier, he was CFO of Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., San Rafael, CA, where he managed the company's initial public offering and subsequent acquisition by SAIC. Mr. Ghiglieri has also served as CFO of Andromedia, Inc. and Avolent, Inc., both San Francisco software companies where he managed IPO, M&A and venture financing transactions, including the sale of Andromedia to Macromedia, Inc. He also held financial management positions with Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Mr. Ghiglieri received his B.A. in Business Administration from California State University at Hayward. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the California Society of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Executive Institute.  About NeurogesX  NeurogesX (neur-o-GEE-six) is a privately held specialty pharmaceutical company focusing on the development of products for the treatment of nerve signaling disorders. The company's initial products are focused on the treatment of chronic and acute pain. The company's first product, a topical treatment for neuropathic pain has been evaluated in a Phase II randomized double blind trial for the treatment of pains associated with shingles. Two phase II/ III multi-center pivotal clinical trials focused on this indication are currently enrolling patients. The company is also conducting Phase II/III pivotal trials for the treatment of painful HIV-associated neuropathy. NeurogesX has raised $30 million in total equity investments since its first funding round in June 2000. Investors include Alta Partners, ARCH Venture Partners, Montreux Equity Partners, Grove Street Advisors Affiliated Fund, TIAA (Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association), Duke University, University of North Carolina and Walden International.  For more information about NeurogesX, go to www.neurogesx.com  Note to Editors: NeurogesX is a trademark of NeurogesX, Inc. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are those of their respective companies.


Contacts
					NeurogesX, Inc.Anthony A. DiTonno, 650-508-2116aditonno@neurogesx.com  orJackman CommunicationsMike Jackman, 415-388-3216mike@jackman.com












Contacts
			NeurogesX, Inc.Anthony A. DiTonno, 650-508-2116aditonno@neurogesx.com  orJackman CommunicationsMike Jackman, 415-388-3216mike@jackman.com






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Galena Biopharma Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - MarketWatch




















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					Nov. 3, 2016, 7:06 a.m. EDT
				
Galena Biopharma Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
























SAN RAMON, Calif., Nov 03, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) --


                                        








Galena Biopharma, Inc.                 

/quotes/zigman/80391731/composite GALE
+2.47%


, a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs, today announced that Stephen F. Ghiglieri has been appointed as the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.        









"Stephen has 30 years of senior level finance and operating experience, primarily in the life sciences industry, and has been integral to the growth of numerous companies, from emerging stage through commercial approval and market launch," said Mark W. Schwartz, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer.  "Stephen is a welcome addition to our management team as we restructure our organization and position ourselves to progress our rich clinical pipeline.  We are preparing to initiate a pivotal trial next year, and we look forward to providing a corporate update on the progress of all of our programs on our quarterly call next week."


                                        








"I am excited to be joining Galena at this important time in the Company's history.  Galena is currently re-focusing its efforts with a backbone of valuable hematology and immunotherapy assets. I welcome the opportunity to join the team and provide guidance and leadership to help advance the company through its next stages of development. I believe we have the opportunity to build significant shareholder value by executing on a relatively lower risk clinical and regulatory development program with GALE-401 and supporting ongoing investigator and partner sponsored studies with our immunotherapy assets," commented, Mr. Ghiglieri.


                                        








Stephen F. Ghiglieri joins Galena Biopharma with more than 30 years in senior level finance and operations roles at both biotechnology and technology companies.  Prior to Galena Biopharma, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group.  Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and CFO.  Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company.  He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was also the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).


                                        








About Galena Biopharma

                                        








Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. Galena's pipeline consists of multiple mid-to-late-stage clinical assets led by its hematology asset, GALE-401, and novel cancer immunotherapy programs including NeuVax(TM) (nelipepimut-S) and GALE-301/GALE-302. For more information, visit         www.galenabiopharma.com
.


                                        








Forward-Looking Statements 

                                        








This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress of the development of Galena's product candidates, patient enrollment in our clinical trials, as well as other statements related to the progress and timing of our development activities, present or future licensing, collaborative or financing arrangements, expected outcomes with regulatory agencies, and projected market opportunities for product candidates or that otherwise relate to future periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those identified under "Risk Factors" in Galena's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Galena does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. 

                                        








NeuVax is a trademark of Galena Biopharma, Inc.


                                        













        
        Contact:
        
        Remy Bernarda
        SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
        (925) 498-7709
        ir@galenabiopharma.com
        
        






 

















Copyright (C) 2016 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/80391731/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
GALE




Galena Biopharma Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
0.58



+0.01
+2.47%




Volume: 396,293
July 28, 2017 4:00p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$21.19 million
Rev. per EmployeeN/A





 









 





































Most Popular





1.





Market Extra

Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials






2.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






3.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




7:40 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:50pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Stephen Ghiglieri, Galena Biopharma Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Stephen Ghiglieri

Interim CEO/CFO/CAO,
Galena Biopharma Inc






Career History




Interim CEO/CFO/CAO
Galena Biopharma Inc, 3/2017-PRESENT


Interim CEO/CFO
Galena Biopharma Inc, 2/2017-3/2017


Exec VP/CFO
Galena Biopharma Inc, 11/2016-2/2017


Chief Financial Officer
Meddata Inc, UNKNOWN-11/2016


CFO/Secretary
Neurogesx Inc, 10/2003-1/2010


Chief Financial Officer
Hansen Medical Inc, 12/2002-10/2003


Exec VP/CFO/Secretary
Avolent Inc, 3/2000-4/2002


VP:Finance/CFO/Secretary
Andromedia Inc, 7/1999-4/2000


VP:Fin & Admin/CFO/Secretary
Oacis Healthcare Systems Inc, 1994-1999


Controller
Oclassen Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1992-1994


Audit Manager
Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP, 1984-1992


Exec VP/CFO/COO/Secretary
Neurogesx Inc, 1/2010-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.galenabiopharma.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2000 Crow Canyon Place
Suite 380
San Ramon, CA
United States


Phone:
1-855-855-4253


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.galenabiopharma.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



California State University
Bachelor's Degree, Business Administration








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Other Memberships




American Inst of Certified Public Accountants


Member




California Society of Certified Public Accountants


Member




Financial Executive Inst


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































































Galena Biopharma Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer | P&T Community































Skip to main content






P&T COMMUNITY 



RegisterSign in




 




Search form

Search 





 






Home
News
P&TCurrent issue
Past issues
Masthead
Digital Edition
Subscribe

P&T TV
Authors
About
Contact Us







  










 






 






INGREZZA® (valbenazine) tablets‎
ZURAMPIC® (lesinurad) TabletsPlease click for full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning.


 






You are hereHome 

Galena Biopharma Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
SAN RAMON, Calif., Nov.  03, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Galena Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:GALE), a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs, today announced that Stephen F. Ghiglieri has been appointed as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately. “Stephen has 30 years of senior level finance and operating experience, primarily in the life sciences industry, and has been integral to the growth of numerous companies, from emerging stage through commercial approval and market launch,” said Mark W. Schwartz, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer.  “Stephen is a welcome addition to our management team as we restructure our organization and position ourselves to progress our rich clinical pipeline.  We are preparing to initiate a pivotal trial next year, and we look forward to providing a corporate update on the progress of all of our programs on our quarterly call next week.” “I am excited to be joining Galena at this important time in the Company’s history.  Galena is currently re-focusing its efforts with a backbone of valuable hematology and immunotherapy assets. I welcome the opportunity to join the team and provide guidance and leadership to help advance the company through its next stages of development. I believe we have the opportunity to build significant shareholder value by executing on a relatively lower risk clinical and regulatory development program with GALE-401 and supporting ongoing investigator and partner sponsored studies with our immunotherapy assets,” commented, Mr. Ghiglieri. Stephen F. Ghiglieri joins Galena Biopharma with more than 30 years in senior level finance and operations roles at both biotechnology and technology companies.  Prior to Galena Biopharma, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group.  Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and CFO.  Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company.  He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was also the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). About Galena Biopharma Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. Galena’s pipeline consists of multiple mid-to-late-stage clinical assets led by its hematology asset, GALE-401, and novel cancer immunotherapy programs including NeuVax™ (nelipepimut-S) and GALE-301/GALE-302. For more information, visit www.galenabiopharma.com. Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress of the development of Galena’s product candidates, patient enrollment in our clinical trials, as well as other statements related to the progress and timing of our development activities, present or future licensing, collaborative or financing arrangements, expected outcomes with regulatory agencies, and projected market opportunities for product candidates or that otherwise relate to future periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those identified under “Risk Factors” in Galena’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Galena does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release.  NeuVax is a trademark of Galena Biopharma, Inc.  CONTACT: Contact:

Remy Bernarda 
SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
(925) 498-7709
ir@galenabiopharma.comThursday, November 3, 2016 - 07:05






 





STAY IN TOUCH!
NEWSLETTERS AVAILABLE:
P&T and drug management daily news
P&T table of contents (monthly)
 







 







 



Contact Us

Editorial: J. Stephen McIver, EditorAdvertising: Maureen Dwyer Liberti, Vice President, Group PublisherProduction: Dawn Flook, Director of Production ServicesCirculation: Jackie Ott, Circulation ManagerWebmaster: Webmaster 


Industry Announcements




 Affimed Presents Data on First-in-Class BCMA-Targeting Immune Cell Engager AFM26 at ASCO Annual Meeting 2017  

 Share buy-back week 22/2017  

 Novartis drug Tasigna receives EU approval for inclusion of Treatment-free Remission (TFR) data in product label  

 Basilea announces presentation of interim phase 1/2a clinical data with anticancer drug candidate BAL101553 at ASCO meeting  

 Targovax presents further positive clinical data from TG01 phase I/II trial at 2017 ASCO annual meeting  

 Addex Annual General Meeting Scheduled for 22 June 2017  

 VALNEVA to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference in New York   

 Targovax announces formal agenda for 2017 Capital Markets Updates in Oslo and London  

 Lundbeck obtains rights to breakthrough research in Alzheimer’s disease  

 Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/S Announces Agreement with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. to Commercialize Envarsus XR in China  



    More from Globe NewsWire  

 





Current issue of P&T

July 2017 







 




User login


Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Galena Biopharma Board of Directors Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer  Nasdaq:GALE









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Galena Biopharma Board of Directors Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer 




















February 21, 2017 16:10 ET

 | Source: Galena Biopharma, Inc.






SAN RAMON, Calif., Feb.  21, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Galena Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:GALE), a biopharmaceutical company developing hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs, today announced that the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective today.  Mr. Ghiglieri will also continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we are pleased to appoint Stephen as our Interim CEO,” said, Sanford J. Hillsberg, Galena’s Chairman of the Board of Directors. “We believe his prior public company experience and oversight will prove valuable to Galena as we evaluate strategic alternatives for the company focused on maximizing stockholder value.” “Over the course of my career, I have been involved with various companies that have gone through transitions and believe that my experience will be beneficial to all of our stakeholders as we seek an optimal outcome for Galena. I look forward to working with our Board of Directors and management team to ensure the company continues to execute as we identify opportunities to enhance our value,” added Mr. Ghiglieri. Mr. Ghiglieri, joined Galena Biopharma in November 2016 after previously consulting for the company.  He has more than 25 years in senior level finance and operational roles at both biotechnology and technology companies. Prior to Galena, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group. Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CFO. Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company. He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). About Galena Biopharma Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company developing hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. Galena’s pipeline consists of multiple mid-to-late-stage clinical assets led by its hematology asset, GALE-401, and its novel cancer immunotherapy programs including NeuVax™ (nelipepimut-S) and GALE-301/GALE-302. For more information, visit www.galenabiopharma.com. Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress of the strategic alternatives evaluation,  development of Galena’s product candidates, patient enrollment in our clinical trials, as well as other statements related to the progress and timing of our development activities, Galena’s current and prospective financial condition, liquidity and access to capital, present or future licensing, collaborative or financing arrangements, expected outcomes with regulatory agencies, and projected market opportunities for product candidates or that otherwise relate to future periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those identified under “Risk Factors” in Galena’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and and on the prospectus supplement to the registration statement related to the public offering filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Galena does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release.  NeuVax is a trademark of Galena Biopharma, Inc. Source: Galena Biopharma, Inc.Contact:
Remy Bernarda 
SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
(925) 498-7709
ir@galenabiopharma.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Galena Biopharma, Inc.


Galena Biopharma Provides Corporate Update
July 12, 2017 06:30


Galena Biopharma Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
May 10, 2017 16:30


Galena Biopharma Presents Positive Interim Safety Data on the NeuVax™ (nelipepimut-S) Clinical Trial in Combination with Trastuzumab in High-Risk HER2 3+ Patients at the AACR Annual Meeting 2017
April 04, 2017 07:05


Galena Biopharma Presents Positive Final GALE-301 (E39) Phase 1/2a Clinical Trial Data
March 17, 2017 07:05


Galena Biopharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results and Provides a Corporate Update
March 15, 2017 16:15








Profile

Galena Biopharma, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  San Ramon, California, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact:
Remy Bernarda 
SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
(925) 498-7709
ir@galenabiopharma.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Galena Biopharma, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





 

Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE): Stephen F. Ghiglieri Has Been Appointed Interim CEO - Smarter Analyst












































































 


























































 | Login
| Connect                                






Premium Services























 












 
Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE): Stephen F. Ghiglieri Has Been Appointed Interim CEO
 
 Corey Williams-February 21, 2017, 4:56 PM EDT

SHARE ON:





 


 


Galena Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:GALE) announced that the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective today.  Mr. Ghiglieri will also continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
“On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we are pleased to appoint Stephen as our Interim CEO,” said, Sanford J. Hillsberg, Galena’s Chairman of the Board of Directors. “We believe his prior public company experience and oversight will prove valuable to Galena as we evaluate strategic alternatives for the company focused on maximizing stockholder value.”
“Over the course of my career, I have been involved with various companies that have gone through transitions and believe that my experience will be beneficial to all of our stakeholders as we seek an optimal outcome for Galena. I look forward to working with our Board of Directors and management team to ensure the company continues to execute as we identify opportunities to enhance our value,” added Mr. Ghiglieri.
Mr. Ghiglieri, joined Galena Biopharma in November 2016 after previously consulting for the company.  He has more than 25 years in senior level finance and operational roles at both biotechnology and technology companies. Prior to Galena, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group. Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CFO. Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company. He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).
Shares of Galena Biopharma are down nearly 2% to $0.70 in after-hours trading. GALE has a 1-year high of $49.80 and a 1-year low of $0.71. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $1.52 and its 200-day moving average is $1.20.
On the ratings front, GALE has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on February 6, FBR analyst Vernon Bernardino downgraded GALE to Hold, with a price target of $4.00, which represents a potential upside of 433% from where the stock is currently trading. On February 2, Maxim’s Jason McCarthy downgraded the stock to Hold.
According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Vernon Bernardino and Jason McCarthy have a yearly average loss of -14.1% and -13.3% respectively. Bernardino has a success rate of 26% and is ranked #4424 out of 4490 analysts, while McCarthy has a success rate of 36% and is ranked #4407.
Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. The company focuses on identifying and advancing therapeutic opportunities to improve cancer care from direct treatment of the disease to the reduction of its debilitating side effects. Its products include Abstral sublingual tablets and Zuplenz oral soluble film. 


GALEGalena Biopharma Inc 



You May Also Like
See what other Wall Street analysts/financial bloggers say about GALE
Which stocks are top 25 analysts buying? Find out here
See what corporate insiders are buying







Find MoreRelated Articles 


 

Wednesday’s Market Insights: DryShips Inc. (DRYS), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Galena Biopharma (GALE)

Harriet Lefton,
February 8, 2017


Contributor OpinionsMost Popular 
 


 

FBR Downgrades Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE) Right as Stock Skyrockets 30%

Julie Lamb, Editor,
February 6, 2017


HealthcareMost Popular 
 


 

This Analyst Has Had Enough with Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE)

Jason Cohen, Editor,
February 2, 2017


HealthcareInsights 
 






 






 
 









 
 



Stay Ahead of Everyone Else
 Get The Latest  Stock News Alerts 


 Thank You For Signing Up 


 Error Signing Up. Please Try Again. 





SIGN ME UP





 





 







 












































 











 

Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE): Stephen F. Ghiglieri Has Been Appointed Interim CEO - Smarter Analyst












































































 


























































 | Login
| Connect                                






Premium Services























 












 
Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE): Stephen F. Ghiglieri Has Been Appointed Interim CEO
 
 Corey Williams-February 21, 2017, 4:56 PM EDT

SHARE ON:





 


 


Galena Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:GALE) announced that the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective today.  Mr. Ghiglieri will also continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
“On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we are pleased to appoint Stephen as our Interim CEO,” said, Sanford J. Hillsberg, Galena’s Chairman of the Board of Directors. “We believe his prior public company experience and oversight will prove valuable to Galena as we evaluate strategic alternatives for the company focused on maximizing stockholder value.”
“Over the course of my career, I have been involved with various companies that have gone through transitions and believe that my experience will be beneficial to all of our stakeholders as we seek an optimal outcome for Galena. I look forward to working with our Board of Directors and management team to ensure the company continues to execute as we identify opportunities to enhance our value,” added Mr. Ghiglieri.
Mr. Ghiglieri, joined Galena Biopharma in November 2016 after previously consulting for the company.  He has more than 25 years in senior level finance and operational roles at both biotechnology and technology companies. Prior to Galena, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group. Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CFO. Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company. He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).
Shares of Galena Biopharma are down nearly 2% to $0.70 in after-hours trading. GALE has a 1-year high of $49.80 and a 1-year low of $0.71. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $1.52 and its 200-day moving average is $1.20.
On the ratings front, GALE has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on February 6, FBR analyst Vernon Bernardino downgraded GALE to Hold, with a price target of $4.00, which represents a potential upside of 433% from where the stock is currently trading. On February 2, Maxim’s Jason McCarthy downgraded the stock to Hold.
According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Vernon Bernardino and Jason McCarthy have a yearly average loss of -14.1% and -13.3% respectively. Bernardino has a success rate of 26% and is ranked #4424 out of 4490 analysts, while McCarthy has a success rate of 36% and is ranked #4407.
Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. The company focuses on identifying and advancing therapeutic opportunities to improve cancer care from direct treatment of the disease to the reduction of its debilitating side effects. Its products include Abstral sublingual tablets and Zuplenz oral soluble film. 


GALEGalena Biopharma Inc 



You May Also Like
See what other Wall Street analysts/financial bloggers say about GALE
Which stocks are top 25 analysts buying? Find out here
See what corporate insiders are buying







Find MoreRelated Articles 


 

Wednesday’s Market Insights: DryShips Inc. (DRYS), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Galena Biopharma (GALE)

Harriet Lefton,
February 8, 2017


Contributor OpinionsMost Popular 
 


 

FBR Downgrades Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE) Right as Stock Skyrockets 30%

Julie Lamb, Editor,
February 6, 2017


HealthcareMost Popular 
 


 

This Analyst Has Had Enough with Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE)

Jason Cohen, Editor,
February 2, 2017


HealthcareInsights 
 






 






 
 









 
 



Stay Ahead of Everyone Else
 Get The Latest  Stock News Alerts 


 Thank You For Signing Up 


 Error Signing Up. Please Try Again. 





SIGN ME UP





 





 







 












































 













	Galena Biopharma, Inc. - Galena Biopharma Board of Directors Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer







































Skip to main content







Contact us














































Home»Investors»Press Releases»Press Release Details
        






















Press Release Details

All News





Galena Biopharma Board of Directors Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer


Feb 21, 2017


Download this Press Release
PDF Format (opens in new window)
 
()



SAN RAMON, Calif., Feb.  21, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Galena Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:GALE), a biopharmaceutical company developing hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs, today announced that the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective today.  Mr. Ghiglieri will also continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
“On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we are pleased to appoint Stephen as our Interim CEO,” said, Sanford J. Hillsberg, Galena’s Chairman of the Board of Directors. “We believe his prior public company experience and oversight will prove valuable to Galena as we evaluate strategic alternatives for the company focused on maximizing stockholder value.” “Over the course of my career, I have been involved with various companies that have gone through transitions and believe that my experience will be beneficial to all of our stakeholders as we seek an optimal outcome for Galena. I look forward to working with our Board of Directors and management team to ensure the company continues to execute as we identify opportunities to enhance our value,” added Mr. Ghiglieri. Mr. Ghiglieri, joined Galena Biopharma in November 2016 after previously consulting for the company.  He has more than 25 years in senior level finance and operational roles at both biotechnology and technology companies. Prior to Galena, Mr. Ghiglieri served as CFO of MedData Inc., a private equity backed healthcare services company that was sold to Mednax, a publicly traded national medical group. Previously, he spent nearly 10 years at NeurogesX, ending his tenure as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CFO. Prior to that he served as the CFO of Hansen Medical, Inc., a medical device company. He also held senior level finance positions at two other healthcare companies: Oacis Healthcare Systems, Inc., and Oclassen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Additionally, he was the CFO and Corporate Secretary for two technology software companies: Avolent, Inc., and Andromedia, Inc. Mr. Ghiglieri began his career as an audit manager of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from California State University, Hayward, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ghiglieri is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). About Galena Biopharma Galena Biopharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company developing hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs. Galena’s pipeline consists of multiple mid-to-late-stage clinical assets led by its hematology asset, GALE-401, and its novel cancer immunotherapy programs including NeuVax™ (nelipepimut-S) and GALE-301/GALE-302. For more information, visit www.galenabiopharma.com. Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress of the strategic alternatives evaluation,  development of Galena’s product candidates, patient enrollment in our clinical trials, as well as other statements related to the progress and timing of our development activities, Galena’s current and prospective financial condition, liquidity and access to capital, present or future licensing, collaborative or financing arrangements, expected outcomes with regulatory agencies, and projected market opportunities for product candidates or that otherwise relate to future periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those identified under “Risk Factors” in Galena’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and and on the prospectus supplement to the registration statement related to the public offering filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Galena does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release.  NeuVax is a trademark of Galena Biopharma, Inc. Source: Galena Biopharma, Inc.
Contact:
Remy Bernarda
SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
(925) 498-7709
ir@galenabiopharma.com


Source: Galena Biopharma, Inc.









All News










Quick Links


Events & Presentation
|
SEC Filings
|
Financials








Email Alerts







Email Address
*


*











Mailing Lists
*






Press Releases

SEC Filings

Events & Presentations

EOD Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*

























© Copyright  - Galena Biopharma
Galena Biopharma, Inc. | 2000 Crow Canyon Place, Suite 380 | San Ramon, CA 94583 | 1-855-855-GALE | Legal









Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)

























