











Frank D. Gibeau - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Frank D. Gibeau
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Zynga Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Frank D. Gibeau? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank D. Gibeau's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank D. Gibeau's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank D. Gibeau's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank D. Gibeau through your network of contacts.
												








Frank D. Gibeau's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Zynga Inc.


Past
To view Frank D. Gibeau's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 


Frank D. Gibeau's Biography



Frank Gibeau is currently our Chief Executive Officer, a position he was appointed to on March 7, 2016.  Mr. Gibeau is a mobile, PC, and console gaming industry veteran, with more than 25 years of experience in interactive entertainment. Mr. Gibeau spent more than two decades at Electronic Arts, Inc. ("EA"), where he held a number of influential business and product leadership roles. Most recently he served as the Executive Vice President of EA Mobile from October 2013 to May 2015, where he led strategy, product development and publishing for EA's fast-growing mobile games business. In that role, Mr. Gibeau managed EA's portfolio of popular m ...
(Read More)

			Frank Gibeau is currently our Chief Executive Officer, a position he was appointed to on March 7, 2016.  Mr. Gibeau is a mobile, PC, and console gaming industry veteran, with more than 25 years of experience in interactive entertainment. Mr. Gibeau spent more than two decades at Electronic Arts, Inc. ("EA"), where he held a number of influential business and product leadership roles. Most recently he served as the Executive Vice President of EA Mobile from October 2013 to May 2015, where he led strategy, product development and publishing for EA's fast-growing mobile games business. In that role, Mr. Gibeau managed EA's portfolio of popular mobile franchises including The Simpsons: Tapped Out, Plants vs. Zombies, Real Racing, Bejeweled, Star Wars, Minions, SimCity, EA SPORTS, and The Sims. He also spearheaded the creation of new mobile intellectual property and platform technology, as well as EA's Chillingo publishing operation. 

Prior to that, Mr. Gibeau was President of EA Labels from 2011 to 2013, where he oversaw IP development, worldwide product management, and marketing for major console and PC properties including Battlefield, FIFA, Madden NFL, Need for Speed, SimCity, Star Wars: The Old Republic, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and The Sims. He also spent four years as the President of the EA Games label, where he was responsible for a business turnaround that resulted in increased product quality, on time game delivery, and dramatically reduced costs. Before that, Mr. Gibeau acted as EA's Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Americas, where he was directly responsible for a publishing operation that accounted for more than $1.5 billion of EA's annual revenue. While at EA, Mr. Gibeau also served as Executive Producer of the major motion picture "Need For Speed," which was released in 2014. 

Mr. Gibeau is currently a director of Graphiq, a data visualization company, and the Vice Chairman of the Corporate Advisory Board for the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California.  He previously served on the board of directors of Cooliris, an internet technology company, from 2009 to 2014.

Mr. Gibeau received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Southern California and a Masters of Business Administration from Santa Clara University.
 
Qualifications

Mr. Gibeau was selected to serve on the Board due to his leadership and extensive knowledge and experience with the mobile, PC and console gaming industries.  In addition, as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Gibeau has a unique perspective and provides key insight and advice in the Board's consideration and oversight of corporate strategy and management development.
		
Source: Zynga Inc. on 03/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank D. Gibeau's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank D. Gibeau. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank D. Gibeau's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank D. Gibeau's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank D. Gibeau through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank D. Gibeau


















Frank D. Gibeau's Connections (57)





Sign up now to view Frank D. Gibeau's 57 connections »









Blake J. Jorgensen
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Electronic Arts Inc.









Ellen F. Siminoff
Board Member, Zynga Inc.









Rajat Taneja
Executive Vice President, Technology, Visa Inc.









Louis J. Lavigne
Board Member, Accuray Incorporated









Leonard S. Coleman
Board Member, Electronic Arts Inc.









Andrew Wilson
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Electronic Arts Inc.









Patrick Soderlund
Executive Vice President, EA Studios, Electronic Arts Inc.









Geraldine B. Laybourne
Board Member, Symantec Corporation









Kenneth A. Barker
Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, Electronic Arts Inc.









Denise F. Warren
Board Member, Electronic Arts Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Frank Gibeau, Zynga Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Frank Gibeau

Chief Executive Officer,
Zynga Inc






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Zynga Inc, 3/2016-PRESENT


Exec VP:EA Mobile
Electronic Arts Inc, 9/2013-5/2015


Exec VP:EA Labels
Electronic Arts Inc, 8/2011-9/2013


President:EA Games Label
Electronic Arts Inc, 6/2007-8/2011


Exec VP/Gen Mgr:NA Publishing
Electronic Arts Inc, 9/2005-6/2007


Senior VP:North American Mktg
Electronic Arts Inc, 2002-9/2005



Electronic Arts Inc, 1991-2002


Show More









Website:
www.zynga.com






Corporate Information
Address:

699 8th Street
San Francisco, CA 94103
United States


Phone:
1-855-449-9642


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.zynga.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Santa Clara University
MBA


University of Southern California
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Zynga Inc


Board Member, 8/2015-PRESENT




Cooliris Inc


Board Member, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Zynga (ZNGA) Frank D. Gibeau on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Zynga (ZNGA) Frank D. Gibeau on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 4.16 | About: Zynga (ZNGA) Zynga, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZNGA)
Q1 2016 Earnings Call
May 04, 2016 5:00 pm ET
Executives
Joo Mi Kim - Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations, Zyinga, Inc.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts
Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies LLC
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC
Chris Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC
Jonathan P. Lanterman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (NYSE:USA), Inc.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Zynga's First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.
I would like to introduce your host for today's conference Miss Joo Mi Kim, Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Joo Mi Kim - Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations, Zyinga, Inc.
Thank you, and welcome to Zynga's first quarter earnings call.
As you have seen, we published our quarterly earnings letter on our investor website so that we can increase the time you have with Frank Gibeau, our Chief Executive Officer, and Michelle Quejado, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, to answer questions. Shortly we will open it up for live questions, interspersed as appropriate with questions submitted to me in advance.
During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements related to, among other things, our business plan, strategy and expectations for future performance, including our guidance for Q2, and our plans for our game slate and launches in 2016. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences are detailed in our press release, quarterly earnings letter, and under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Form 10-Q and 10-K and elsewhere in our SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Our quarterly earnings letter, press release and the investor presentation on our website, and when filed, our 10-Q, will include reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Be sure to look at these reconciliations, as the non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for our GAAP results.
This conference call is being webcast on the Internet and is available through Zynga's Investor Relations website. An audio replay of this call will also be available on our website in a few hours.
Now I'll turn the call over to Frank for his opening remarks.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for Zynga's Q1 earnings call. Earlier today we released our quarterly earnings letter, which details our progress and performance over the last quarter. It's been a productive two months leading Zynga as CEO. Across the company I am seeing our momentum and pace improve as our teams continue their commitment to growing our established live franchises, and demonstrating more cost and operating discipline.
As a result, we delivered a strong Q1 and a good start to the year. In terms of our Q1 performance, bookings were above the high end of our guidance range at $182 million, and adjusted EBITDA was above our range at $11 million. There were three key factors that drove the outperformance. First, in live game services, our teams executed well, with our core mobile franchises driving our performance in the quarter. Bookings are up 54% from last year and up 5% sequentially. Second, our mobile momentum continued, with mobile bookings now representing 76% of total bookings and mobile audience up 7% sequentially. Apple is now our largest platform partner, surpassing Facebook in terms of online game bookings. Third, disciplined cost control remains a focus for us. This past quarter, gross margins benefited from our migration to AWS, and operating margins were further boosted as operating expenses decreased as a percentage of bookings.

Before turning to guidance, I'd like to tell you more about where we want to take the company. My priority is to bring Zynga's unique social gaming vision to life in our games, and lead our teams to deliver high-quality experiences for our players, on time and profitably. In a competitive mobile market with increasing user acquisition costs, our approach is to build games around social features and systems to deliver a high-quality player experience with increased levels of engagement, organic acquisition and long-term retention.
In order to deliver on that, we're building a world-class studio and innovative creative culture. In my experience, the best games in the world are made by small, complete teams with great chemistry, who build games in a predictable and profitable way. We'll be aggressive in bringing in additional creative talent and leadership, while maintaining our financial discipline.
The biggest surprise to me since joining Zynga has been how much operating leverage we have across the company that we are just starting to unlock. We need to do more to concentrate our best and brightest on our biggest ideas. There is an opportunity to create more rigorous and consistent development practices across our studios. That includes more focused green-light process, increasing cross-team collaboration to cut down on duplication, and rising the bar on ROI for our new product starts and marketing spends. We believe that over the long term, there is no reason why Zynga's margins can't be more in line with its peers.
An example of how we've unlocked this operating leverage in our live services is in our Words With Friends franchise. Words With Friends just had its highest Q1 bookings performance in six years, with mobile bookings up 60% year-over-year, driven by our weekly challenge's bold beat. A key component of our Words With Friends live service strength is our advertising business. Overall, advertising and other bookings grew 42% year-over-year, generating $47 million in the quarter. We're confident that going forward we can continue to grow our core live mobile franchises: slots, Words With Friends, and Zynga Poker.
Turning to guidance. We expect Q2 bookings to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. The majority of the sequential decline in bookings is due to legacy, non-core mobile games and continued decline in web games. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be between breakeven and positive $5 million. The sequence decline – the sequential decline in EBITDA is expected to be driven by the decrease in bookings that – as we're planning to hold non-GAAP operating expenses roughly flat.
Looking at our slate, we remain on track to launch 10 games this year. So far we've launched four new games worldwide, and the remaining titles in our 2016 slate are all currently in soft launch with players. For NaturalMotion, I'm pleased to announce that we will be launching CSR2 in early Q3 and Dawn of Titans in the Q4 holiday season. For Dawn of Titans, the feedback from soft launch is that our players are excited with the game's quality and production values. We plan to focus the remaining time and development to increase long-term player retention and optimize the game for live services post-launch.
Going forward, we're prioritizing quality over quantity in terms of our title release schedule, because our goal is to deliver sustainable gains that engage over the long term and drive growth across audience, bookings and EBITDA. Our success will be determined by the quality of the games delivered rather than a number of games launched.
In closing, I believe that Zynga has all the ingredients needed for a successful turnaround, and it's well underway. From our social vision, to our proven brands and popular genres, to our mobile momentum and strong balance sheet, we are well positioned to take advantage of the growing market around us.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator and get started with questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Brian Pitz with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies LLC
Thanks for the questions. Frank, maybe you could outline your strategic vision for the company and what may be different or changed under your leadership? Also maybe you could weave into there, any comments – additional comments on NaturalMotion, leveraging some of those other game engines or assets embedded in there? And then finally, any thoughts on monetizing the San Francisco real estate asset? I know, there was some talk in the papers a few months back, but love to get your current take on that. Thanks.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. Thank you for the question. I'd like to start with the vision that we are looking at, and as you look at Zynga as a company and where it was founded around the idea that it's more fun to play games with friends and family and to build games around the notion that you create core loops in systems that create a social experience from the outset, that's a unique vision that I think is as relevant today on mobile as it was when it was originally brought to life in Facebook. So the founding principles of the company are based on social gaming, and bringing that gaming vision to life in our products is really job one and what we are focused on these early stages.
What I bring to the table, I think, is over the last two years I was running basically a mobile division at a company, and I'm steeped in what works and doesn't work in mobile. And bringing that insight and some of that experience to bear at Zynga I think can help accelerate the transition to mobile, and then start to grow the company accordingly. When I look at what we have inside the company from an asset standpoint, we've got a collection of proven brands in very popular genres. We've got some talented studio teams and partner teams, an excellent balance sheet. But what we haven't been really doing a great job at is operationally bringing those to life.
As I walk around the company, I see more great ideas on the white boards than anywhere else I've been, but my job is to get it off the white boards and into code. And to focus our efforts so that we can get into a place where the company is really delivering on what it says it wants to do, and grow (10:17) the KPIs that will make the company something that increases in value over time.
The second question about NaturalMotion, NaturalMotion is an incredible collection of developers. They have some amazing technologies, and if you look at Dawn of Titans, it looks like a console game on your mobile device, it's a spectacular piece of software. And I think long-term, NaturalMotion has a lot to contribute to Zynga as the devices and the mobile market continue to increase in power, in capability, and new technologies come online like VR and AR. I think the key for NaturalMotion is really delivering on CSR and Dawn of Titans in the near term, and getting them in position for the long term so that Zynga overall benefits from the asset.
In terms of the building, it's kind of a high-class problem. We have an asset here in San Francisco that we bought for very good price, and it's gotten a lot more valuable over the years as San Francisco real estate market's got – has become more vibrant. It's really an opportunistic exploration, honestly. It's not much of a distraction for the company or the teams, because we have plenty of cash on the balance sheet. It's really about, is this a good time to investigate taking some of that value that we've created in the building, and taking it off the table and see if we could look to deploy it in a different way in capital allocation.

Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies LLC
Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC
Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to come back to some of the key titles for later this year, CSR2, Dawn of Titans; Dawn of Titans in particular has been in beta for a quite a while. What have you learned as those properties have made their way through geolock (12:03)? What do you think you're hoping to accomplish before they go wider? And maybe some color on how you're thinking about supporting those properties with marketing spend in the back part of the year? Thanks so much.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
When you look at CSR2 and Dawn of Titans, they're operating at the very highest ends of performance in the mobile marketplace. They really are pushing the envelope in terms of 3-D graphics, production values and technology. So they've really carved out a position I believe in the marketplace that stands out, that people really like, and that's reflected in the feedback that we're getting from soft launch. Our fans are giving the games very high ratings. CSR2 in its current 11 test markets is scoring about a 4.8 star level, Dawn of Titans is at a 4.6 level.
What's been critical for NaturalMotion in the soft launch periods and what they learned the most has been about driving long-term engagement with our players and understanding retention. Both games have very good levels of, if not great levels, of monetization. The key is keeping the players in the games for long periods of time. What I'm trying to drive at the company is, get to a place where we have sustainable mobile games. Games that don't get into the charts and then fall out, but actually get into the charts and stick. And I think that's the big difference maker between the games that are succeeding in mobile and the games that are failing in mobile, is that they've solved for long-term engagement.
So as you look at the time that we have between now and the release around Dawn of Titans this holiday, our focus is really getting the games ready for live ops. And there is a lot of things that Zynga has learned over the years about how to run live ops that NaturalMotion is learning from, and that we're putting into place. And in addition, we're optimizing the player retention curves and looking at how we keep them engaged for as long as possible. It's pretty expensive to acquire customers in mobile, and so you want to have designs and systems that keep them engaged for a very long time so you can hold on to them.
Both products will be supported by the company, and what I am excited about with Dawn of Titans in Q4 is the holiday is a terrific time to really leverage a lot of the organic platforms and programs that we can put in place. A lot of new devices are brought to market in that timeframe, too. So I've had pretty good experience bringing games to market in holidays, and so I'm excited to try and leverage that.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC
Thank you.
Joo Mi Kim - Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations, Zyinga, Inc.
Great. We're ready for our next question.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Chris Merwin with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Great, thank you. So I just had a couple of questions. Frank, you talked about the potential for operating leverage at Zynga and the long-term margin opportunity for the business. So just curious what you see as the biggest areas of savings, and if those savings can be achieved with the workforce at its current size?
And then just a second question on the advertising business, where you guys have showed some strong momentum for a while now. The question is really, when you layer in ad, especially reward-based ads, how do you make sure that they're not cannibalizing a potential payer? In other words, if someone gets another life by watching an ad, will they maybe not be inclined to pay in the future? So just kind of curious how you're able to leverage your data asset to manage that? Thanks.

Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I'll take the second question first, if that's all right. One of the things that was really impressive to me when I came to Zynga was the quality, the aggressiveness and the effectiveness of the ad business here. And the team that runs that is very data-driven. So they're constantly looking at how the ads are running in games, we have a very robust set of rules about who sees ads when. And we monitor that very carefully, as we look at engagement and ratings about the games' quality and engagement and retention curve.
So, I'm very confident that the team has a good handle on that and it's a combination of data driven best practices, as well as just frankly always keeping in mind that advertising wants to be something that doesn't get in the way of the player experience, and as understood in the context of the overall game service.
In terms of the first question, the operating leverage piece, I think across the board we can get more yield out of what we've got. And so that's kind of job one for me, as I look at the company. If you just take marketing spends, for example, I think that we need to raise expectations around what our ROIs are there. I think we can get more leverage and we can open more channels by being more aggressive about looking at things internationally, looking at what our return on spends are, and increasing the capabilities in our user acquisition teams.
On the studio level, it's a great collection of game companies that come into Zynga over the years, but – and I think there is an opportunity to harmonize our tech strategy, our tool strategy; I find that game teams are solving the same problems across the studio multiple times. And what I'd love to see is an innovation or a breakthrough that happens on one team be more easily shared across the whole enterprise so that we benefit from that and we get more leverage. So as we start to put in place more rigorous and consistent development practices, combined with looking at enhancing our UA capabilities, I think we'll get some really good leverage from those areas.
Another place that I think we'll get leverage is frankly being more rigorous about what we green-light and start. A company can only have so much talent, and I think there's been a tendency at times in Zynga's history to start too many projects and spread that talent to thinly. And so I think that there is a lot of opportunity for us to concentrate our efforts and our focus around the, frankly the businesses that are really showing growth, have momentum; and get out of businesses that don't have that opportunity or don't have that ultimate go much sooner in development.
So, again, you've heard me talk a little bit earlier about the Words With Friends example, but that game team doubling down on bold beat around the weekly challenges had a profound impact on how the live services were going. And that was the business we already had scale in, we already had a large audience; we were able to use that development to reacquire users and bring them back into Words With Friends in a very efficient way and in a very leveraged way. And I see examples of that in our social casino business, and we're starting to do that more in our Ville business. So across the board, I see a lot of leverage opportunities.
Chris Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.
All right, great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay, great. Thanks. A couple of follow-ups to other questions. I guess first off on the operating leverage commentary, Frank, from the letter, and marketing expense. Can you talk about whether – or how much of that is making better use of the overall network of users that you have, and if you're also reallocating spend to better performing channels, what are those?

And then on the advertising revenue portion, obviously very good growth there. I wonder if you could identify how much of that is related to Sponsored Play versus the partnership with Rubicon or the legacy ad business? Thank you.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
So on the question regarding UA efficiencies, I think there are some very innovative new channels that we're looking at, that we're starting to open up. And the team has – I think there's probably 120 channels, when I look at UA, that have the opportunity to get leverage. I'd have to say we're probably only in 25 to 30 of those, and I think so we can expand the number of channels that we're going after aggressively. I think it's also related to upgrading and enhancing the technology that we have around cross-promotion in network. I think we have a very robust and highly engaged network of users, but the way that we get the right message to the right customer at the right time, I think, has a lot of opportunity to be enhanced. We do a pretty good job there, but there's a lot more work that we can do.
And I think there's also a role of product development in that respect. If you look at the Match-3 strategy that we have as a company, it's really about looking at what's happening inside of our social casino games or slots games, where when you talk of those players, the next most likely game for them to play is a Match-3 game. And so we want to build on that relationship that we have with that player by being able to – and keep them in the Zynga ecosystem by giving them the opportunity to play a Match-3 game with the same brand, whether it's a Wizard of Oz, or even maybe it's a new brand like Crazy Cake Swap.
So it's a combination of adding additional channels to our UA, it's about also doing a little bit more product development in the affinity adjacency areas that I discussed. And then, when we look at advertising, the Rubicon sponsorship stuff hasn't had a significant impact on the overall flow of the business. It's really much more traditional ad products, some direct ad selling and some other things, but the team is showing me a list of new ad products that they're investigating that are looking at them, I'm really impressed with what we can do there.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC
Hey, Frank, welcome and congratulations on your first quarter here. Good start. I'm curious, you obviously have a pretty good slate through fiscal 2016, most of which if not all are in beta. You've also provided us some more clarity, I guess, on expectation at least for when these products are actually going to launch. So thinking about Q2, relative – your fiscal year, obviously we don't have fiscal year guidance. But can we expect Q2 bookings and EBITDA, at least relative to your guidance, to be the low point for your fiscal 2016 year? And then second question, I'm not sure if this is in the letter or not, but can you update us sort of your perspective on the M&A opportunities you see moving forward.? Thank you.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I'll take the second question first. With regards to M&A, I'll just come out clearly on this. I'm not interested in big M&A. I think that Zynga is the type of company, and it has a proven track record for buying small companies and small developers that tuck in nicely to the studio culture and infrastructure. That's where I'd like to go in terms of M&A. It's absolutely a great opportunity for us to go out and look for good, great game teams that would fit with our culture and our mission.

And we're seeing opportunities like that in the marketplace. As some of these consolidation forces start to hit mobile and some of the smaller companies start to feel some pain, we're seeing a nice inflow of talent and opportunities on that front. But in general, we're going to stay away from the big M&A activities.
On the bookings and guidance front, I'm 60 days in and I'm trying to a handle on, frankly, how we think about the company over the next three years, not the next three quarters. And as I look at Q2 and what we're working through there on the legacy mobile games, and also the web business (23:21), I felt good about where we were coming out on guidance there. I think that as we look at Q3 and you look at how the slate unfolds, yeah, we'd like to see better performance in Q3 and Q4, but it's hard for me right now to give any forward look there, just given where I'm 60 days in and I'm still looking at how all of these pieces fit together.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC
All right. Fair enough. Thanks, Frank.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dean Prissman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jonathan P. Lanterman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Hi, this is actually Jon Lanterman in for Dean. Just a question on advertising. Obviously a very strong quarter for you guys. It sounds like it's still predominantly driven by Words With Friends. We know you have advertising in some of your other games, so maybe, why has it not worked out so well in these other games? Is this just a function of the installed base at Words With Friends is just so much larger, or is there some kind of tradeoff between different monetization methods, between in-app purchases and advertising? Thanks.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's a function of a couple of things. First off, Words With Friends is just a very large audience to monetize, and it really – the design of the game lends itself to add products. As you look at some of our other games, for one reason or another we have strong performing advertising, and then we don't in others.
And so one of the things that I'm looking at right now is our overall ad network and inventory across the enterprise, are the ways that we can enhance and optimize that going forward. So it's something that we're definitely looking at. I don't think we are at a definitive point here, where the inventory won't be able to be increased and the effectiveness of new ad products can come to bear.
So our goal is to continue to look at ways to bring the ad model to more of our games, because it's a great way to monetize in a free-to-play world, where relatively low percentages of your players are converting to in-app purchases. There is also a lot of traffic there that are more than willing to look at advertising or be able to have – see an ad, gets a batch of coins or a particular earn out. So we're seeing those kind of earn-out ads as something that's interesting to us longer-term, so that's how we're thinking about it.
Jonathan P. Lanterman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with CRT Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC
Thank you. Frank, just a couple of questions. First on the discussion that you're going to be focusing on quality versus quantity, can you give us some early sense of how you are thinking about for 2017? And sort of, I guess you're saying that there are going to be fewer titles, but just to help us understand where we're going with that? And then as you think about the long-term margins, and I appreciate the color on that, but can you – when you think about the peers out there, it runs the gamut, and margins obviously can be very high, maybe provide us some more commentary on what's a good level to sort of shoot for, say within the three-year horizon that's you're targeting?

Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay. Let me start with the 2017 slate discussion. One of the things that was what we attacked first as we started working together a couple of months ago, as a board member and now as CEO, was I wanted to accelerate the development of our 2017 slate earlier in 2016, so that we had a much more predictable title plan in 2017. And that also meant that we could keep the teams smaller over a longer period of time, which is where I believe you get the best games.
So I'm not prepared right now to give you a sense of how many titles that we're going to be able to release in 2017. I can tell you that we've begun a lot of work on our 2017 slate, and one of the key decision points on whether we're ready to commit to a game in 2017 is whether or not the game can demonstrate that it had long-term engagement. And so that when we do put the game out, that it goes into the charts and it sustains. And so that's, as I talked earlier about dev practices and how we're thinking about green-lights for 2017, those are some of the criteria that we're looking at. And I can tell you that we're staring earlier on our 2017 games than ever before, and that's every exciting and the teams are finding that that freedom and time to be able to innovate and focus is well spent.
In terms of the margins in the peer set, when I say peer set, I'm thinking King, I'm thinking Activision, I'm thinking EA, I'm thinking Nexon; we're here to get into that conversation. And I've been on a journey where we've experienced those in other parts of my career, and I think it can be done here. It's a combination of really breakthrough creative ideas that manifest themselves in game, it's about making the social competitive advantage come to life in our products, and it's also being a really good steward of the resources and people that we have, and making sure that we're maximizing leverage. It means that we're going to focus on the biggest ideas that we have and go all-in on them, but we're not going to have a million ideas, and keep our partner – our focus much more narrow and much more oriented to creating that operating leverage over the long term.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC
Again, one last one Frank, on Dawn of Titans, given the competition in the genre – and you touched on it a little bit from an marketing standpoint – is there – would you like to call out maybe, or maybe quantify some of the marketing resources you will be putting in place ahead of that? I mean in Q3, and then as the game launches in Q4?
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. The category that it competes in is action strategy, which is a competitively intense category with some fantastic products from Supercell and Machine Zone and some of the others. The key thing is that Dawn of Titans is very differentiated versus those, it really stands out. It's positioning itself to really have a high-end look and feel, it's almost a console game on your mobile device. And so I feel really good about how it'll stand out in the marketing. And I think it has a unique position that will serve itself well as mobile game players are looking for something new at Christmas, or want to try something; it makes an incredible first impression.
And so when I look at the release at holiday, I – we're really focused right now on trying to drive marketing programs that deliver great organic installs and gives us a great momentum out of the chute. And then look at how we use very selective and very surgical paid acquisition over that timeframe.
One of the great things about holiday is there's a lot of organic acquisition opportunities, if you get ahead of it and you can start to go after it. But we'll look at the full marketing mix available to mobile games, and our focus right now in this early part of summer is nailing the organic programs, and then starting to get in position for the paid ac for later.

Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC
Great. Thank you, Frank, and good luck.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Great. Thanks, I really appreciate that. Just wondering if you could give us a sense – I do want to follow up on this marketing question, given the importance of Dawn of Titans later this year. Should we expect a similar television-focused campaign there? You mentioned specifically in your prepared remark the organic opportunities that obviously come from the network that you have. But just sort of curious whether or not there's going to be sort of a similar-sized outside-of network-campaign along the lines of what you've seen for other big launch titles that at this level.
And then also on the advertising side, to the extent you've started using third-party partners like Rubicon, is there any sort of early read on what the either effective CPMs or monetization rate that you're able to see through the third parties, relative to what you were doing on your own?
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
Great. So on the first part, when I think about how we're going to bring Dawn of Titans to market, we really want to engineer a hit. And we want to make sure that we give that product its maximum opportunity reach to the biggest audience possible. If that includes TV, then we'll evaluate it, and we'll look at the ROI.
I think the larger point I would make in the context to that, is we're going to make commitments to driving, over the long term, much better margin performance for this company on an operating level. And that means that we need to be very clear about how we spend our marketing dollars and that we get the most out of them. I do not want to be in this arms raised of ever increasing marketing spends, because I don't necessarily believe that's the right thing to do for this company. We should spend to the level that we believe we can nail our objectives, and then look at very creative opportunities. But in general sometimes, we're just going to have to say no to some marketing spends.
And we're going to have to be clever about, how do we generate that demand in another way, whether it's through network, whether it's through designing the game so that we don't lose the customers as quickly or we don't want have to reacquire them. There's other ways to try and deal with this issue that I've been trying to challenge the company and myself with, because I don't believe increasing marketing over the long term is going to be a smart strategy for us.
If television makes sense and we get strong ROIs, no problem, we'll go for it, I've done a lot of television campaigns in my career and we'll use that tactic if it makes sense. But in general, it's always going to be keeping in mind the fact that we need to maintain cost discipline in how we're going to market, in addition to the effectiveness of the campaigns that we're putting together.
On the advertising front, it's a little too early to tell on third-party versus direct sales on the internal team. That's something that we can update over time, but I would hesitate to give any updates right now, because I think it's too early to tell.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Frank, what is it about mobile gaming that allows so many of the top-grossing titles to stay there for such a long time? And then separately, any chance you'll move beyond mobile and reposition the content onto console, or go back to PC gaming in any other way? And then finally last one is just on ad revenue. As a percentage of revenue, how should we be thinking about that for 2Q 2106 and longer term? Thanks.

Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
What I think separating game – look, there's, I think there's something like 400,000 mobile games released a year, and there's probably 100 that matter and 20 that really matter, in terms of their performance. Now you can run very successful businesses in the charts that are below 20, but in general you want to be in that conversation. What separates those games from everybody else is, I believe, long-term retention and having an engaging relationship with the player over their whole player lifecycle, not just day one through 30, but day 365.
And having a core compulsion loop of the game that's surrounded by systems that allow you to give the player different things to do over that long period of time across different session lengths. Whether the session is an hour long or two minutes long, the games that are doing well at the top of the charts respect that player's time and give them something really cool to do in those different session lengths. So for me, it starts with long-term engagement. Now of course there's things related to that, but in general, that would be the headline there.
In terms of expanding outside of mobile, it's not something I'm giving a lot of thought to right now, honestly. I think we have so much room to grow in the near term in mobile against our existing proven brands and categories that we'll think about it more long term as we start getting our momentum and start putting points on the board, in terms of the company.
In terms of ad revenue, and guidance in terms of the second quarter, I think it's – I wouldn't consider it up or down, based on what our Q1 performance is. I think you can think of it in, generally in terms of it's flat, quarter over quarter. It's seasonal, coming off a holiday, obviously holiday is a big boom for us, and then we saw – it's actually, the ad market continued pretty strong into Q1, but seasonally Q2 and Q1 are usually flat.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Hey, good afternoon. So you described some of the categories that drove upside, but can you say which specific games in the quarter exceeded expectations? Was it primarily Words With Friends, and then some of the Slots games? And then secondly, it looks like you finished up the remaining amount on your $200 million share repurchase authorization in the quarter. Is there any remaining share repurchase authorization currently, or no?
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
The titles in the quarter that really drove performance on the live services level was our social casinos, slots business, Poker, and Words With Friends. In addition to that, Farmville Country Escape had a very nice first quarter. Those were the standout titles there. In terms of looking at the buyback, we completed the buyback that was authorized earlier in the year, and as it relates to go forward, there are no additional buybacks authorized at this time.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Thank you. Craig, I don't know if you could just address this, but you did see mobile users uptick, quarter over quarter, after a few quarters of declines. Maybe talk a little about that? And then how do you feel about monetization of users? Do you still have a lot of room there, or are you doing a good job – is the company doing a good job monetizing the users that you have? Thank you.
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director

Yes. We did see an uptick in our mobile users quarter-over-quarter, which was very encouraging. I think that's the function of the focus that Mark brought to the company when he came back earlier in the year, just really start to drive and prioritize our live services performance. And then as we accelerated it over the last few months. The bold beats is how we think about it.
A live game that's operating, has a highly engaged large audience, and we need to put more development dollars and talent against creating big title updates and bold beats that reengages, and it drives things like the number of moves per player, session lengths; those are the things where I see a lot more yield opportunities inside the company, where we're treating our live services as important or more important than some of our new releases. Especially in our businesses where we have a lot of scale and momentum, like slots, Words With Friends and poker.
So, very encouraging to see that we're now back in the business of trying to grow audience. That's going to be long term; really important thing for me is to make sure that we're making the moves and making the investments to grow our audience over the long term.
In terms of monetization POV, I think that there's – when we convert somebody to a payer, we do pretty well relative to the competition, what I know is kind of the best practice, but I do think you can always improve. The key is to make sure that you're really giving the player value, and if they feel like, oh, wait, I just didn't buy something, they feel like they've extended their experience. So it's a bit of art and science, and I think we're pouring (39:29) at a pretty good level, but you can always incrementally improve.
But you've got to be very careful that you don't overdo it, because what you'll do is you'll drive those customers out of your service, and those players will move onto something else and then you'll have to reacquire much more expensively, or you lost them. So it's definitely an art form, and it's something that we take pretty seriously.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC
Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to trying to get at what kind of the organic part of the business is. Because you've obviously got the sustaining games that obviously you have to invest in, and then all of your growth initiatives. And I haven't seen your new employee count in your Q, but as of the end of last year, you had roughly 1,700 employees, which I think is down over 1,000 over the last two years.
And I'm wondering, out of those that 1,700, how many of those people do you actually need to run all of the existing games that are generating revenue, over the – if you look at it right now, how many people of the 1,700 are generating current steady-state revenue that you're generating? And how many are all focused on all of the new game initiatives that the company has, as you think about your 2017 slate and beyond? And how much actual – if you took away those incremental employees, or incremental investment, how much EBITDA or earnings would Zynga actually be generating now if it just focused on what it was already executing on?
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's a great question, and it points to some of the things that I've highlighted in, how are we going to get more yield out of what we've got? And it comes down to looking at the deployment of the teams and the talent inside the organization. And frankly, putting them in the places where they can have the most impact and can have a fantastic experience with Zynga. So, that's – I don't disagree with what you're raising, and in fact that I'm thinking about that as we're looking at our deployments and as we're starting to put in place our investment strategy on a go-forward basis.

But that, that certainly is something that we look at, because the yield off of the live services at scale is extremely high. They are very good businesses. And what we can't do, though, is take all that goodness, and let it go to the – go to the wins by overdeploying and overcommitting to too many other things that take too long, or don't come to market, or frankly shouldn't have been started in the first place. And so, that's how we think about it.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC
I mean, is it at a couple of hundred million dollars, at least, of profitability on the EBITDA line?
Frank D. Gibeau - Chief Executive Officer & Director
On my first earnings call, I think it would be foolish for me to answer that question. So I will have to answer it over the course of my career at Zynga.
Joo Mi Kim - Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations, Zyinga, Inc.
Great...
Unknown Speaker
Fair enough.
Joo Mi Kim - Senior Director of Finance and Investor Relations, Zyinga, Inc.
That was our last question. Thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Zynga, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Internet Information Providers, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ZNGA TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Today, 11:39 PM • Ang ShenA Critical Day For AT&TT• Today, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Today, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•2 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Today, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•2 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Today, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•14 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•9 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Today, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•6 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Today, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•70 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Today, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•4 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Today, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•2 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Today, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Today, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•2 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Today, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•35 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Today, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•14 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Today, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•10 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Today, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•12 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Today, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Today, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•21 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Today, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•13 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Today, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Today, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•14 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Today, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•24 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Today, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•137 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Today, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•12 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Today, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•52 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Today, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Today, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•16 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Today, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•1 CommentIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Today, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•18 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Today, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Today, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Today, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•24 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Today, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•18 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Today, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Today, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•5 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Today, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Today, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Today, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•37 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Today, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Today, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•51 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Today, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Yesterday, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•80 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Yesterday, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•70 CommentsQualcomm Is A BuyQCOM• Yesterday, 10:47 PM • PendragonY•123 CommentsIBM: Anatomy Of A Value TrapIBM• Yesterday, 10:44 PM • Charles Gooch, Jr.•38 CommentsMy IBM StrategyIBM• Yesterday, 9:10 PM • Khen Elazar•14 CommentsNCR Second-Quarter Review And Key TakeawaysNCR• Yesterday, 8:59 PM • Jorge Acrisio•3 CommentsIBM - Struggles Continue, No Reason To Be UpbeatIBM• Yesterday, 1:08 PM • The Value Investor•22 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Yesterday, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•9 CommentsThe Internet Of Things: Now There's A Growth StoryEditors' Pick • TFECF, TFECY• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • Arturo Neto, CFA•30 CommentsTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing - A Bright Past And FutureTSM• Yesterday, 6:43 AM • Wall Street for Main Street•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AppleAAPL• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:05 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•76 CommentsTwilio: Silver Lining In The CloudsTWLO• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:23 AM • Alpha Securities•10 CommentsMicrosoft: Post-Earnings AnalysisMSFT• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:09 AM • Roman Luzgin•20 CommentsApple Reportedly Funds Automotive Battery ResearchAAPL• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:27 PM • Mark Hibben•43 CommentsThere's Not Much To Not Like About Microsoft HereMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:38 PM • James Brumley•31 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraSnap's Farce: The Equity Incentive PlanSNAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:17 PM • Whestuizen•102 CommentsSemiconductor ETFs To Roar Higher As Q2 Earnings UnfoldSOXX, SMH, PSI• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Zacks FundsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsIBM: Don't Get Caught In A Value TrapIBM• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:39 PM • Bank On Insight•21 CommentsNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentMicrosoft: A Great Dividend Growth Stock To ConsiderMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:24 PM • Ploutos Investing•42 CommentsAMD To Easily Beat Revenue EstimatesAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:22 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•140 CommentsStrong Product Rollout Suggests AMD Will Likely Raise Q3 GuidanceAMD• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:32 PM • EnerTuition•66 CommentsA Thoughtful Investment With Help From Baidu BrainBIDU• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:16 PM • Tobias Beith•12 CommentsHow BlackBerry Can Quickly Increase Its Software RevenueBBRY• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:47 AM • Motek Moyen•90 CommentsEarnings Watch: What Will Boost Facebook?FB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:33 AM • Feria Investor•25 CommentsKey Lessons From Facebook And WWE SpeculationFB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:26 AM • Gary Bourgeault•2 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Amazon After Its Next Earnings ReleaseAMZN• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:09 AM • Robert Riesen•69 CommentsMicrosoft Keeps Performing Very Well - But Don't Get FooledMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:08 AM • Jonathan Weber•27 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro Inc's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Stanley Black & Decker's (SWK) CEO Jim Loree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SWK•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Scientific Games' (SGMS) CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGMS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sify Technologies' (SIFY) CEO Kamal Nath on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIFY•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lennox International's (LII) CEO Todd Bluedorn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LII•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Silicom's (SILC) CEO Shaike Orbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SILC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Illinois Tool Works' (ITW) CEO Scott Santi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ITW•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ryanair Holdings' (RYAAY) CEO Michael O'Leary on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RYAAY•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 12:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TrustCo Bank's (TRST) CEO Robert McCormick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRST•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:56 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO Mendo Akdag on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PETS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:49 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4431Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
 






Frank Gibeau, CEO, Zynga


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Frank Gibeau



CEO
at
Zynga


Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Frank Gibeau



CEO
at
Zynga


Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Frank D. Gibeau has been the President of EA Label at Electronic Arts Inc., since August 4, 2011 and served as its President of EA Games Label from June 2007 to August 2011. Mr. Gibeau served as an Executive Vice President and General Manager of North American Publishing of Electronic Arts Inc. since September 2005. He served as Senior Vice President of North American Marketing of Electronic Arts Inc., from 2002 to September 2005. He was responsible for numerous innovative and award-winning marketing campaigns is responsible for all aspects of the North American Publishing Division. He was responsible for product development, worldwide product management, marketing and planning for all packaged goods and online offerings within the EA brand including Need for Speed, Medal of Honor, Burnout, Army of Two, Battlefield, Command & Conquer, Skate, Warhammer and many more. Mr. Gibeau held various publishing positions since joining Electronic Arts Inc. in 1991. He serves as a Director of Cooliris, Inc. He holds a BS Degree from the University of Southern California and a M.B.A from Santa Clara University.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Graphic Design Services




Tags
Video Games, Product Management, Product Marketing




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A




































Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Frank GibeauCareer (8)






Mar-2016




Zynga



CEO







Aug-2015




Zynga



Board Member







Oct-2013 to May-2015




Electronic Arts



Executive Vice President, EA Mobile







Jan-2009




Cooliris



Director







May-2008 to Aug-2011




Electronic Arts



President,EA Games







May-2005 to May-2008




Electronic Arts



Executive Vice President and General Manager of The Americas








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Frank GibeauEducation (2)










Santa Clara University









1990



University of Southern California


Business Administration and Management









 Edit



Frank GibeauAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Frank Gibeau






 Edit
View all 



Frank GibeauLinks








Frank Gibeau News - VentureBeat
Source: venturebeat.com
Fri, Aug 30, 2013 by Spoke Mobile Research 

Share













Frank GibeauInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Frank Gibeau









Frank GibeauInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Frank Gibeau








Frank GibeauRelated People








Colleagues at Zynga







Gerard Griffin

Chief Financial Officer
Oct-2016









Doug Scott

Chief Marketing Officer
Sep-2016









Matthew Bromberg

Chief Operating Officer
Aug-2016









Bernard Kim

President of Publishing
Jun-2016








View all 
Peers (134)







Nick Earl

CEO of Glu Mobile









Jeff Weiner

CEO of LinkedIn









Alex Karp

CEO of Palantir









Peter Ohling

Chief Executive Officer of Palantir









Jack Dorsey

CEO of Twitter









Rich Williams

CEO of Groupon












View all 



Frank GibeauRecommended Market Profiles (3)








Games/Entertainment Unicorn

5,000 - 10,000 employees
12 companies








Unicorn Club (Abridged)

10,000 or More employees
43 companies








Mobile (Digital)

10,000 or More employees
153 companies





















Frank D Gibeau - Atherton, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Frank D Gibeau in Atherton, CA


Frank D Gibeau

                                                                           Intelius found that Frank D Gibeau  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Atherton, CA.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Frank Donald Gibeau


Get Report Now

Age

Frank D Gibeau is in his 40s

Frank Has Lived In

Atherton, CA
San Francisco, CA
West Hollywood, CA

Frank's Relatives

Dorothy Gibeau
Renee Gibeau
Solveig Gibeau
Martha Gibeau







Frank D Gibeau



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President at Electronic Arts Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Frank? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Frank, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Frank D Gibeau
Get a Criminal Check on Frank D Gibeau
Get a Public Record Report on Frank D Gibeau
Get a People Search Report on Frank D Gibeau


Frank D Gibeau's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Frank D Gibeau has lived as well as Frank D Gibeau's phone numbers and email addresses.




Frank D Gibeau Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Frank D Gibeau


24 A******** A** 

Atherton, CA


Has Lived In

Atherton, CA
San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Frank D Gibeau

(650) ***-**** - Atherton, CA 
(650) ***-**** - Redwood City, CA 
(213) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Frank D Gibeau

f*****u@***.com
f*********m@***.com
f*****u@***.com


Get Email Report




Frank D Gibeau's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Frank D Gibeau's academic history.  Find out which schools Frank D Gibeau attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Frank D Gibeau received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frank D Gibeau Has Attended 5 Schools
Santa Clara University 
University of Southern California               1986 – 1990               Frank D Gibeau has a Bachelor of Science (bs) in Business Administration and Management               
University of Southern California               1986 – 1990               Frank D Gibeau has a Minor in International Relations               
University of Southern California               1986 – 1990               Frank D Gibeau has a Bachelor of Science (bs), Business Administration and Management in Business Administration and Management               
University of Southern California               1986 – 1990               Frank D Gibeau has a Minor, International Relations in International Relations               


Frank D Gibeau's Professional Information
Information regarding Frank D Gibeau's professional history.  Find out previous places Frank D Gibeau has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frank D Gibeau Has Worked at 15 Places
Company: Electronic Arts Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President
Company: Electronic Arts Inc.
               Title: President, Ea Games Label
Frank D Gibeau's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Electronic Arts Inc.
Job Details
               Electronic Arts Inc. (EA), headquartered in Redwood City, California, is the world's leading interactive entertainment software company. Founded in 1982, the Company develops, publishes, and distributes interactive software worldwide for video game systems, personal computers, cellular handsets and the Internet. Electronic Arts markets its products under four brand names: EA SPORTS™, EA™, EA SPORTS Freestyle™ and POGO™. In fiscal 2008, EA posted GAAP net revenue of $3.67 billion and had 27 titles that sold more than one million copies. EA's homepage and online game site is www.ea.com.
Title: President, Ea Games Label
               Company: Electronic Arts Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Frank D Gibeau

 See Frank D Gibeau's LinkedIn Profile



Frank D Gibeau's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Frank D Gibeau


Frank D Gibeau's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Frank D Gibeau's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Frank Gibeau
Username Matches

                  FrankGibeau
                  GibeauFrank
                  Frank.Gibeau
                  Gibeau.Frank
                  Frank_Gibeau
                  Gibeau_Frank
                  Frank-Gibeau
                  Gibeau-Frank
                  FGibeau
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Gibeau







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator















ZNGA Frank D. Gibeau Insider Trades for Zynga Inc. Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Zynga Inc. Cl A

                  NASDAQ: ZNGA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Zynga Inc. Cl A



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 5:43 p.m.


ZNGA

/quotes/zigman/7720406/composite


$
3.75




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 13,014
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/7720406/composite
Previous close

$
			3.78
		


$
				3.75
			
Change

-0.03
-0.79%





Day low
Day high
$3.73
$3.81










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.40
        

            $3.86
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Frank D. Gibeau



Mr. Frank D. Gibeau is Chief Executive Officer & Director at Zynga, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Zynga, Inc. and Graphiq, Inc. Mr. Gibeau was previously employed as Executive Vice President-EA Mobile by Electronic Arts, Inc. He also served on the board at Cooliris, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Southern California and an MBA from Santa Clara University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/15/2017
211,293


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.65 per share.


771,220


06/15/2017
404,930


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/16/2017
167,440


 
Disposition at $2.73 per share.


457,112


03/15/2017
404,929


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/16/2016
214,330


 
Disposition at $2.81 per share.


602,268


12/15/2016
404,929


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


09/15/2016
404,929


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/16/2016
214,973


 
Disposition at $2.89 per share.


621,272


06/16/2016
159,614


 
Disposition at $2.6 per share.


414,997


06/15/2016
404,929


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/11/2015
42,517


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2015
25,511


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


09/11/2015
17,007


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Mark Jonathan Pincus 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Frank D. Gibeau 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Matthew  Bromberg 
Chief Operating Officer




Dr. Gerard  Griffin 
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer




Mr. Nick  Tornow 
Chief Technology Officer




Ms. Renee  Jackson 
Chief Compliance Officer & VP-Human Resources




Mr. Pete  Hawley 
Vice President & General Manager




Ms. Janice M. Roberts 
Director




Mr. William  Gordon 
Director




Ms. Dani  Dudeck 
Chief Communications Officer




Ms. Michelle  Kramer 
Press Relations Contact




Ms. Stephanie  Hess 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Carol G. Mills 
Independent Director




Mr. Louis J. Lavigne 
Independent Director




Dr. Regina E. Dugan 
Independent Director




Ms. Ellen F. Siminoff 
Independent Director
















Log In




12:17 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:02aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
12:01a1 in 3 Americans are this frighteningly close to plummeting into poverty
12:01aProof Americans need major therapy over their Facebook and Twitter issues
10:00pSen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
9:43pTrump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
8:19pAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:05pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
8:04pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
7:20pFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
7:02pMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
6:14pBitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
6:01pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Insider Trading - Gibeau Frank D - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Gibeau Frank D





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-15Sale
2016-12-196:42 pm
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
214,330
$2.81
$602,267
6,883,805(Direct)
View


2016-09-15Sale
2016-09-199:16 pm
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
214,973
$2.89
$621,272
7,288,734(Direct)
View


2016-06-15Sale
2016-06-175:51 pm
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
159,614
$2.6
$414,996
7,693,663(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Sale
2015-05-127:38 pm
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
340,000
$62.77
$21,341,086
494,569(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-15Exercise
2016-12-196:42 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
6,883,805(Direct)
View


2016-12-15Exercise
2016-12-196:42 pm
N/A2023-02-28
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
6,883,805(Direct)
View


2016-09-15Exercise
2016-09-199:16 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
7,288,734(Direct)
View


2016-09-15Exercise
2016-09-199:16 pm
N/A2023-02-28
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
7,288,734(Direct)
View


2016-06-15Exercise
2016-06-175:51 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
7,693,663(Direct)
View


2016-06-15Exercise
2016-06-175:51 pm
N/A2023-02-28
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
404,929
$0
7,693,663(Direct)
View


2016-02-29Option Award
2016-03-017:13 pm
N/A2023-02-28
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
8,098,592
$0
8,098,592(Direct)
View


2016-02-29Option Award
2016-03-017:13 pm
N/A2026-03-03
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DChief Executive OfficerDirector
5,000,000
$0
8,098,592(Direct)
View


2015-12-11Exercise
2015-12-155:57 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
42,517
$0
85,035(Direct)
View


2015-12-11Exercise
2015-12-155:57 pm
N/A2022-08-06
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
17,007
$0
85,035(Direct)
View


2015-12-11Exercise
2015-12-155:57 pm
N/A2022-11-03
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
25,510
$0
85,035(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Exercise
2015-11-046:05 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
25,511
$0
102,041(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Option Award
2015-11-046:05 pm
N/A2022-11-03
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
102,041
$0
102,041(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Exercise
2015-11-046:05 pm
N/A2022-11-03
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
25,511
$0
102,041(Direct)
View


2015-09-11Exercise
2015-09-156:51 pm
N/AN/A
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
17,007
$0
51,020(Direct)
View


2015-09-11Exercise
2015-09-156:51 pm
N/A2025-08-06
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
17,007
$0
51,020(Direct)
View


2015-08-06Option Award
2015-08-106:25 pm
N/A2025-08-06
Zynga Inc
ZNGA
Gibeau Frank DDirector
68,027
$0
68,027(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
11,671
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
6,090
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
11,671
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
6,090
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
66,667
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
34,787
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
33,333
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
17,394
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
66,667
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
34,787
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
33,334
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
17,394
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
300,000
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Tax Withholding
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
156,540
$62.88
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2015-05-18
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
66,667
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2016-05-17
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
66,667
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2017-05-16
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
11,671
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2015-05-18
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
33,334
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2016-05-17
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
33,333
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/A2017-05-16
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
11,671
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-16Exercise
2015-05-207:11 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
300,000
$0
561,370(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
100,000
$57.42
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
35,000
$52.03
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
100,000
$50.8
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
70,000
$51.64
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/AN/A
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
35,000
$49.71
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/A2017-06-18
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
35,000
$49.71
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/A2017-08-16
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
100,000
$50.8
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/A2016-08-16
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
70,000
$51.64
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/A2016-03-01
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
35,000
$52.03
494,569(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-127:38 pm
N/A2015-09-02
Electronic Arts Inc
EA
Gibeau Frank DEVP, EA Mobile
100,000
$57.42
494,569(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 23:17:16 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








