



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          








James W Gibson Jr. Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 



Insider Trading - Gibson James W Jr - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Gibson James W Jr





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-14Exercise
2016-11-164:30 pm
N/AN/A
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
750
$19.48
11,677(Direct)
View


2016-11-14Tax Withholding
2016-11-164:30 pm
N/AN/A
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
275
$53.28
11,677(Direct)
View


2016-11-14Exercise
2016-11-164:30 pm
2010-01-202020-01-20
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
750
$19.48
11,677(Direct)
View


2016-08-08Exercise
2016-08-094:47 pm
N/AN/A
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
1,022
$18.08
11,551(Direct)
View


2016-08-08Exercise
2016-08-094:47 pm
N/AN/A
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
500
$19.48
11,551(Direct)
View


2016-08-08Tax Withholding
2016-08-094:47 pm
N/AN/A
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
624
$45.23
11,551(Direct)
View


2016-08-08Exercise
2016-08-094:47 pm
2009-01-292019-01-29
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
1,022
$18.08
11,551(Direct)
View


2016-08-08Exercise
2016-08-094:47 pm
2010-01-202020-01-20
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
500
$19.48
11,551(Direct)
View


2016-03-16Option Award
2016-03-172:10 pm
2016-03-162026-03-16
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
4,246
$38.02
4,246(Direct)
View


2015-03-18Option Award
2015-03-191:42 pm
2015-03-182025-03-18
Community Bank System Inc
CBU
Gibson James W JrDirector
3,937
$35.36
3,937(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 18:43:51 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  



















 




James W  Gibson Jr - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











James W  Gibson Jr
Check out list of companies and businesses related to James W  Gibson Jr. Find out James W  Gibson Jr address and contact details. View other people related to James W  Gibson Jr - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

505 BRIAR BROOK RUN  FAYETTEVILLE 13066 NY




Companies related to James W  Gibson Jr
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000723188COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC.Director 5790 WIDEWATERS PARKWAY  DEWITT 13214




James W  Gibson Jr on the Web
Persons related to James W  Gibson Jr - COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC.NamePositionCityBRIAN R  ACEDirector LACEYVILLETIMOTHY JAMES  BAKERDirector of Special Projects OGDENSBURGSANFORD A  BELDENPresident & Chief Executive Of FAYETTEVILLEMark J.  BolusDirector DALTONJOHN M  BURGESSDirector GOUVERNEURPAUL M  CANTWELL JRDirector MALONEJohn David  ClarkChief Credit Officer CAMPBELLJEFFREY L  DAVISSOUTH BURLINGTONWILLIAM M  DEMPSEYDirector NAPLESWILLIAM M  DEMPSEYDirector NAPLESNICHOLAS A  DICERBODirector OLEANBRIAN D  DONAHUEEVP & Chief Banking Officer OLEANNeil E.  FesetteDirector PLATTSBURGHJAMES A  GABRIELDirector OVIDGeorge J  GetmanExecutive VP & General Counsel MANLIUSGeorge Joseph  GetmanExecutive VP & General Counsel MANLIUSJames W  Gibson JrDirector FAYETTEVILLELEE T  HIRSCHEYDirector HAMMONDHAROLD S  KAPLANDirector DALTONSAUL  KAPLANDirector SCRANTONScott Allen  KingsleyChief Financial Officer HUDSONScott Allen  KingsleyChief Financial Officer MANLIUSJoseph Jonathon  LemchakChief Investment Officer SYRACUSERobert Paul  MatleySenior Loan Officer DALLASTHOMAS ALFRED  MCCULLOUGHPresident, PA Banking LACEYVILLEW VALEN  MCDANIELChief Risk Officer CAZENOVIAR KALLET  MICHAELDirector ONEIDAEdward S.  MucenskiDirector POTSDAMCHARLES E  PARENTEDirector HARVEYS LAKECHARLES E  PARENTEDirector NAPLESJohn  ParenteDirector TUNKHANNOCKDAVID CHARLES  PATTERSONDirector CANTONMICHAEL A  PATTONPresident/Financial Services OLEANRaymond C  Pecor IIIBURLINGTONBernadette  Randall-BarberSYRACUSEPETER A  SABIADirector DUNMOREWILLIAM N  SLOANDirector HANNAWA FALLSSALLY A  STEELEDirector TUNKHANNOCKSALLY A  STEELEDirector TUNKHANNOCKERIC  STICKELSDirector STEVEN R  TOKACHChief Credit Administrator MOUNTAINTOPMARK E  TRYNISKIPresident & CEO BALDWINSVILLEMARK E  TRYNISKIChief Operating Officer DEWITTJAMES A  WEARSJAMES A  WEARSPresident/Banking OGDENSBURGHarold M  WentworthDirector of Sales & Marketing SKANEATELESJohn F.  WhippleDirector OLEANALFRED S  WHITTETDirector VERO BEACHALFRED S  WHITTETDirector VERO BEACHJames A  WilsonDirector SCRANTONJames Michael  WilsonChief Technology Officer JAMESVILLEBRIAN R  WRIGHTDirector JUPITER












 










James W Gibson Jr Constr in Medford, OR 97501 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Oregon
» Medford
» General Contractors
» James W Gibson Jr Constr













James W Gibson Jr Constr


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2252 Table Rock rd Spc 12  Medford, Oregon 97501


(541) 773-1669


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
James W Gibson Jr Constr is located at the address 2252 Table Rock rd Spc 12 in Medford, Oregon 97501.  They can be contacted via phone at (541) 773-1669 for pricing, hours and directions.  James W Gibson Jr Constr specializes in Chimneys, Livestock, Sinks & Faucets.  James W Gibson Jr Constr has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .James W Gibson Jr Constr provides Windows, Water Systems, Design & Engineering to it's customers.  For maps and directions to James W Gibson Jr Constr view the map to the right.  For reviews of James W Gibson Jr Constr see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Countertops
, Fiberglass
, Railings
, Decks
, Limestone
, Storm Doors
, Soffits & Fascia
, Landscaping
, Asphalt
, Replacement Windows



SERVICES


Painting
, Fill Dirt
, Design & Engineering
, Windows
, Framing
, Water Systems
, Mold Removal
, Demolition & Removals
, Roofing
, Stucco


 BRANDS


Scotts
, American Standard
, Trex
, Firestone
, Kohler
, TruGreen ChemLawn
, Moen
, Raynor
, Crusader
, Whirlwind


 SPECIALTIES


Pressure Washers
, Kool Aid Stains
, Chimneys
, Sinks & Faucets
, Livestock
, Outdoor
, Barns
, Tree Roots
, Ballasts
, Fascia



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (541) 773-1669
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 79000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Residential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Creative Space Builders


6009 Dark Hollow Rd  Medford, Oregon 97501




Construction Master Inc


402 Manzanita St  Medford, Oregon 97501




Campbell & Sons Logwork


1967 Magnolia Ave  Medford, Oregon 97501




Mc Collum Masonry Inc


3288 Hollywood Ave  Medford, Oregon 97501




Medford Construction


2640 E. Barnett Rd  Medford, Oregon 97504




JB Steel


190 N Ross Ln  Medford, Oregon 97501





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Jim Gibson Jr. Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 












James W Gibson Jr | Medford OR | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
James W Gibson Jr?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from James W Gibson Jr
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






J







BZ Score:
90







License # 172609




Medford, OR









James W Gibson Jr




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Medford

 



Updated: Jan 22, 2016





Overview

James W Gibson Jr in Medford, OR holds a license according to the Oregon license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring James W Gibson Jr, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 





Contact




Street Address: 2252 Table Rock Rd 12 Medford, Medford, OR 97501 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by James W Gibson Jr




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Com, remodel/structures other than build



2252 Table Rock Rd, Medford, OR, 97501
2010-06-14


No Description Available 


Valuation:

$3,855



Permit #:

10-1390/000 000 BLDC 00



Status:

CLOSED



Fee:

$79



Permit Type:

COMMERCIAL BUILDI...



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









2597 Whittle Ave, Medford, OR 97504

(971) 266-6912 ext. 145


Whittle Construction Inc




License # 153912


Medford, OR







122

BZ Score


$304K
Avg Project 


83
Projects














8425 Agate Rd White City, White City, OR 97503

(971) 266-6912 ext. 6759


S&B James Construction Management Co




License # 51471


White City, OR







121

BZ Score


$80K
Avg Project 


94
Projects














Po Box 1555 Medford, Medford, OR 97501

(971) 266-6912 ext. 1706


Valley Electrical Contractors Inc




License # 55416


Medford, OR







120

BZ Score


$11K
Avg Project 


34
Projects













James W Gibson Jr Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for James W Gibson Jr. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about James W Gibson Jr










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 













Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring James W Gibson Jr,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


James W Gibson Jr








122


Whittle Construction Inc







121


S&B James Construction Management Co







120


Valley Electrical Contractors Inc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #172609StatusActiveStateOregonBusiness TypeSole Proprietor


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of October, 2010. Check the current license status of James W Gibson Jr with the Oregon Construction Contractors Board (CCB)












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works













Bonded


Bonded Agent1002 American Contractors Indemnity CoBond Value$10,000


Learn More








Follow this contractor








Employees







Gibson Jr, James W
Rmi Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Oregon:













Does James W Gibson Jr carry a valid contracting license?



Oregon requires anyone who receives compensation for construction activity (including alterations to real estate) to be licensed by the Oregon Construction Contractors Board.
James W Gibson Jr currently holds license 172609 , which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Oregon?



The Oregon Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Although they do not require contractors (other than plumbers, electricians and other specialty trades) to have construction training, contractors are required to pass a Board exam prior to receiving their license.











Your liability risk when hiring James W Gibson Jr



Licensed contractors in Oregon are required to carry general liability insurance. The exact amount is determined by the type of work they do.











Financial recourse when hiring James W Gibson Jr



Licensed contractors in Oregon are required to carry a surety bond (ranging from $10k up to $75k based on their trade), which provides you with financial recourse in case they perform defective work or violate license regulations.
James W Gibson Jr has a $10,000 bond with 1002 American Contractors Indemnity Co. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



In Oregon, it is generally recommended to collect at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact James W Gibson Jr
We will attempt to deliver your message to James W Gibson Jr. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.


































































James W. Gibson, Jr. - Former Partner at KPMG LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James W. Gibson, Jr.
Former Partner at KPMG LLP



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Awards & Honors 


James W. Gibson, Jr.
Former Partner at KPMG LLP



 Overview



Age



70
                                  (Born 1947)
                                              




Awards



1





Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 2,098 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
May 15, 2014





                        Community Bank System, Inc. Declares Dividend and Announces Results of 2014 Annual Meeting                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Mark E. Tryniski

President & Chief Executive Officer at Community Bank System, Inc.




Nicholas A. DiCerbo

Partner & Attorney at Dicerbo & Palumbo





James A. Gabriel

Owner at Franklin & Gabriel




Brian R. Ace

Former Owner at Laceyville Hardware





Sally A. Steele

Chairperson at Community Bank System, Inc.




James A. Wilson

Geotechnical Manager at Acclaim Materials Testing & Inspection LLP





Mark J. Bolus

President & Chief Executive Officer at Bolus Motor Lines, Inc.




Neil E. Fesette

Owner at Fesette Property Management





Edward Mecenski

Partner & Managing Director at Pinto, Mucenski, Hooper, VanHouse & Co.




John Parente

Former Chief Executive Officer at Kem Plastic Playing Cards, Inc.







See 2,088 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2,088 More 


 


 Paths to James W. Gibson, Jr.



            James W. Gibson, Jr.          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James W. Gibson, Jr.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James W. Gibson, Jr..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


University of Florida

                  The University of Florida (commonly referred to as Florida or UF) is an American public land-grant, sea-grant, and space-grant research university located on a 2,000-acre (8.1 km2) campus in Gainesville, Florida. It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida and traces its historical origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its present Gainesville campus since September 1906. The University of Florida is ranked 14th overall among all public national universities in the 2014 U.S. News & World Report rankings, and has ranked within the top 100 universities worldwide. The University of Florida was also described as a "Public Ivy" in the book The Public Ivies: America's Flagship Public Universities.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

                  The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants provides vocational education in accounting. The company provides services to the accounting community, regulatory bodies, and other organizations. It also operates in Jersey City, Washington, and Lewisville. It was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in New York City, NY.                




Member

                  Current                


Community Bankers Association of New York State, Inc.

                  Community Bankers Association of New York State, Inc., part of New York Bankers Association, is a company headquartered in New York, NY, focused on business associations.                




Member




Independent Bankers Association of New York State







 Career History



Partner

                                    Prior - 2004                


KPMG LLP


                  KPMG LLP provides audit, tax & advisory services. It serves in chemical, healthcare, media, retail, technology, telecommunications and banking industries.  The firm has locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America. KPMG was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2009 - 2016                  


Community Bank System, Inc.

                    Community Bank System, Inc. is a bank holding company, which engages in the provision of commercial banking services. It operates through the following segments: Banking, Employee Benefit Services, and All Other. The Banking segment offers array of lending and depository-related products and services to individuals, businesses and municipal enterprises. It also provides treasury management solutions, capital financing products and payment processing services. The Employee Benefit Services segment includes BPA, BPAS-APS, BPAS Trust Company of Puerto Rico and HB&T, which provides employee benefit trust, collective investment fund, retirement plan administration, actuarial, VEBA and HRA, and health and welfare consulting services. The All Other segment is comprised of wealth management services including trust services provided by the personal trust unit within the bank, broker-dealer and investment advisory services provided by CISI, OWM, and The Carta Group, and asset management provided by Nottingham, and full-service insurance, risk management and employee benefit services provided by OneGroup. The company was founded on April 15, 1983 and is headquartered in DeWitt, NY.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Community Bank, NA (Canton, New York)

                    Community Bank, NA (Canton, New York), part of Community Bank System, Inc., is an American company located in DeWitt, NY, that provides commerical banking services.                  





 Political Donations



$310

                  1999                


KPMG Partners/Principals & Employees PAC







$325

                  1998                


KPMG Partners/Principals & Employees PAC







$325

                  1997                


KPMG Partners/Principals & Employees PAC







$240

                  1996                


KPMG Partners/Principals & Employees PAC








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Other Affiliations




              James W. Gibson, Jr. is affiliated with
                            KPMG LLP, Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, NA (Canton, New York).
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































