










Gibson Capital, LLC Buys iShares Russell 1000 Value, iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, Apple, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Gibson Capital, LLC Buys iShares Russell 1000 Value, iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, Apple, ...


April 07, 2017, 05:38:09 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Gibson Capital, LLCNew Purchases: IWD ,Added Positions: DSI , IJR , IAU, AAPL, BRK.B,Reduced Positions:VNQI, VV, RWX, GLD, IWV, VOO, EEM, EFA, IJH,For the details of Gibson Capital, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Gibson+Capital%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Gibson Capital, LLCVanguard Total Stock Market ( VTI ) - 946,411 shares, 39.25% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.93%Vanguard REIT ETF - DNQ ( VNQ ) - 839,765 shares, 23.68% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.71%iShares TIPS Bond ( TIP ) - 224,050 shares, 8.75% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.78%Procter & Gamble Co ( PG ) - 154,136 shares, 4.74% of the total portfolio.Vanguard Div Appreciation ETF - DNQ ( VIG ) - 146,945 shares, 4.52% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.74%New Purchase: iShares Russell 1000 Value (IWD)Gibson Capital, LLC initiated holdings in iShares Russell 1000 Value. The purchase prices were between $111.95 and $118.42, with an estimated average price of $114.65. The stock is now traded at around $114.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 1,746 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: iShares Core S&P Small-Cap (IJR)Gibson Capital, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core S&P Small-Cap by 125.02%. The purchase prices were between $67.46 and $140.6, with an estimated average price of $82.1. The stock is now traded at around $67.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 4,793 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Apple Inc (AAPL)Gibson Capital, LLC added to the holdings in Apple Inc by 28.45%. The purchase prices were between $116.02 and $144.12, with an estimated average price of $131.71. The stock is now traded at around $143.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 3,138 shares as of 2017-03-31.IJR 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of IJRPeter Lynch Chart of IJRPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        VTI
                                    
, 

                                        VNQ
                                    
, 

                                        TIP
                                    
, 

                                        PG
                                    
, 

                                        VIG
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Cypress Semiconductor Enjoys Broad-Based Growth


						7/28/2017 06:49 PM
					



4 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement


						7/28/2017 06:30 PM
					



Lower Earners Just Lost a Key Retirement-Savings Option


						7/28/2017 06:18 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





VTI








100%



Rate It





VNQ








100%



Rate It





TIP








100%



Rate It





PG








91%



Rate It





VIG








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































 




Gibson Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:43 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Gibson Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Gibson Capital, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, trusts, estates, foundations, retirement plans, and corporations and other businesses. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of United States. The firm uses a combination of quantitative and qualitative analysis to make its investments. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Gibson Capital, LLC was founded in 1989 and is based in Wexford, Pennsylvania.


6600 Brooktree Court.Suite 2200Wexford, PA 15090United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 724-934-3200

Fax: 724-934-3201

www.gibsoncapital.com







Key Executives for Gibson Capital, LLC




Ms. Brenda Sue Gibson


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Zdravko M. Daskalov


      	Operations Manager
      








Mr. Keith R. Goldner


      	Senior Associate
      








Mr. Derek J. Eichelberger CFP


      	Senior Associate
      








Mr. Christopher J. Sidoni CFA


      	Director of Investment Management and Senior Associate
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Gibson Capital, LLC, please visit www.gibsoncapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed










 SECGems: Gibson Capital, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Gibson Capital, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
46













	 
	
	 6600 BROOKTREE COURT, SUITE 2200
	 
	
	
	   WEXFORD, 
	   PA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   724-934-3200    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2009-04-20Gibson Capital, LLC


2009-04-20Gibson Capital Management, Ltd.2008-02-15








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001427372
State of Incorporation
PA
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
263581953










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Brenda S Gibson


1




 Keith R Goldner


1




 Roger C Gibson


1











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Gibson Capital Management, Ltd. (0001427372) 


47







 








db
 
 








































 





Investment Advisors, Industry Leaders, Asset Allocation Pioneers. | Gibson Capital, LLC










































Skip to main content














 


















 



Services
Our Team
Legacy
Home
For Professionals
For Clients
Contact Us


 

  








Gibson Capital, LLC
Investment Advisors,
Industry Leaders,
Asset Allocation Pioneers.
 
 









 

Investment Advisors
We exist to take care of our clients.

Since 1989, we have provided custom investment advisory services, based on a strategic asset allocation approach, for high net worth individuals, foundations, and retirement plans nationwide.

The investment advisory services that we provide to our clients are at the heart of all that we do. Our primary focus is to facilitate the realization of our clients' financial goals. We do this by using the principles and practices outlined in Our Approach.
Learn More




 

Industry Leaders
We are a think tank in applied finance.

We seek to advance the art and science of portfolio management not only for our clients but also for the investment profession at large. We accomplish this aspect of our mission by sharing our research and investment experience with our professional colleagues through speaking engagements as well as published books, articles, and educational tools.
Learn More




 

Asset Allocation Pioneers
We wrote the book on asset allocation.

For over a quarter century, Asset Allocation: Balancing Financial Risk, has been used by investors and advisors to construct “all weather” investment portfolios. This groundbreaking book is now available in six languages and seven countries, including 5 of the 10 most populous.

We devote a significant amount of time to investment research. This research involves issues at the intersection of portfolio design, risk tolerance, and client investment behavior and decision-making. Our original research formed the investment philosophy we employ with our clients and utilize in the development of presentations, articles, and dynamic advisor tools.
Learn More

 
 

 





Investment Advisors, Industry Leaders, Asset Allocation Pioneers. 











© 2017 Gibson Capital, LLC. All rights reserved. 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Gibson Capital, LLC                                                                                                      - Wexford                                           , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Wexford



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Gibson Capital, LLC
                                    



 





















G 


Gibson Capital, LLC                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6600 BROOKTREE RD # 2200 WEXFORD, PA 15090
Get Directions



(724) 934-3200
www.gibsoncapital.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1989
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $650,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Roger Gibson                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1989, Gibson Capital, Llc                                                                                                      has been providing Investment Advisory Service from Wexford. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























Home











































(916) 786-2999








 GIBSON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




















































Welcome to Gibson Capital Management
Welcome! We are a boutique investment advisory and wealth management firm – and we believe we are one of Northern California’s best kept secrets, so we are thrilled that you found us.
In all areas of life, philosophy drives behavior and attracts what we want. Good business processes give us structure to help us achieve what we want. We believe our message will resonate with those who are drawn to hire us to work for them.



 
 
 











 


Holistic Financial Life Planning
Let’s have a conversation about the areas of your life which are most important to you. Call us to get started.
Read More


 


Defensive Money Management
Why defense is more important than offense for a successful investment strategy.
Read More






Meet Our Team
Our team is experienced, competent, honest, licensed, and bonded with a sincere desire to do what is right for the client.
Read More










































 





Nice to meet you | Gibson Capital, LLC









































Skip to main content














 


















 



Services
Our Team
Legacy
Home
For Professionals
For Clients
Contact Us


 

  







Nice to meet you 
 

 


You are hereHomeNice to meet you 


Nice to meet you 









Our illustrious founder.
Author of Asset Allocation: Balancing Financial Risk.
Pilot, Pyrotechnician, Tae Kwon Do Master.
Prefers that everyone calls him “Master”.
Has a funny story about ice cream.



Roger C. Gibson, CFA
Co-Chairman






Organizational Guru.
Force of nature.
Mostly vegan.
May or may not have wanted to be a lounge singer.
Meditates, like, 37 hours a day.



Brenda S. Gibson
Chief Executive Officer,  Co-Chairman






Leads our client service agenda.
Reads research papers for fun.  That’s right.  For fun.
Lives with his wife, two kids, and a cat that hates him.
Taco truck aficionado.
May or may not have a poster of Warren Buffett in his house.



Christopher J. Sidoni, CFA, CFP®
Chief Investment Officer, Partner






Next to Roger, our longest-tenured advisor.
Serves as our unofficial firm historian.
Bee Keeper, Chicken Farmer, Wine Maker.
Can build a fire with a rock and a stick of gum.
Will likely be the last man standing come the apocalypse.



Keith R. Goldner, AIF®
Senior Advisor, Partner






Leads our investment research efforts.
Collects Masters degrees.
Golfs more than a former president.
Finds Excel spreadsheets to be relaxing.
Uses ex ante in casual conversation



Chad E. Hileman, CFA, CFP®
Director of Investment Research, Partner






The newest member of our advisory team.
Thinks hiking is “fun”.
Leads our due diligence program.
His emails might be written in the passive voice.
Possesses the best hair in the office.  Might be real.



Eric L. DeMico, CFA, CFP®
Associate 






Integrates regulatory compliance into firm-wide governance and best practices.
Our “renaissance man”. Ask him about everything.
May or may not have a watch obsession.
Spends more time in restaurants than Guy Fieri.
Except for Guy Fieri restaurants.



Daniel G. Berczik, AIF®
Chief Compliance Officer, Partner






Nurtures and develops our GC family and organization
Holds a Master’s of Investment Ops and a PhD in Custodial Knowledge
Has worked here twice.  So far.
Self-described late bloomer. Giggles at the word “bloomer”.
Habitually inserts “intensifiers” into her emails. They’re really, truly amazing.



Christine T. DeMao, AIF®
Chief Operating Officer, Partner














© 2017 Gibson Capital, LLC. All rights reserved. 
















Gibson Capital, LLC Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Gibson Capital, LLC


@gibson_capital_llc





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.gibsoncapital.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Gibson Capital, LLC Reviews & Info

Gibson Capital, LLC's primary clients are High Net Worth Individuals and Individuals....see more 
Advisors that work at Gibson Capital, LLC	

Contact:


6600 Brooktree Court Suite 2200
Wexford, PA 15090
                    				




					Main Number: 724-934-3200				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Gibson Capital, LLC Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Gibson Capital, LLC Reviews


No reviews found for Gibson Capital, LLC


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Gibson Capital, LLC a Question
Send Gibson Capital, LLC a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Gibson Capital, LLC








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed























Gibson Capital, LLC | Wealthminder











































Gibson Capital, LLC


Gibson Capital, LLC
(CRD# 148836) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Wexford, PA.
They
manage $1,185,006,573 in 682 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 16 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Gibson Capital, LLC




6600 Brooktree Court, Suite 2200,
Wexford,
PA
15090
724-934-3200
https://www.gibsoncapital.com




https://www.gibsoncapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,185
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

682
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,737,546







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, CA, FL, ID, MA, ME, MT, NY, OH, OR, PA, TN, TX, VT, WA, WI






Financial Advisors at Gibson Capital, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Roger C. Gibson



CRD#:
845833



6600 Brooktree Court, Suite 2200,
Wexford,
PA
15090




96

Wealthminder
score








Roger Gibson (CRD# 845833) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gibson Capital, LLC in Wexford, PA and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Keith R. Goldner



CRD#:
1637223



6600 Brooktree Court, Suite 2200,
Wexford,
PA
15090




93

Wealthminder
score








Keith Goldner (CRD# 1637223) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gibson Capital, LLC in Wexford, PA and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Chad E. Hileman



CRD#:
6182739



6600 Brooktree Court, Suite 2200,
Wexford,
PA
15090




92

Wealthminder
score








Chad Hileman (CRD# 6182739) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gibson Capital, LLC in Wexford, PA and has 
over 4 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Chad Hileman has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Christopher J. Sidoni



CRD#:
5305334



6600 Brooktree Court, Suite 2200,
Wexford,
PA
15090




90

Wealthminder
score








Christopher Sidoni (CRD# 5305334) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Gibson Capital, LLC in Wexford, PA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.
Christopher Sidoni has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














