    Scott Gieselman | Natural Gas Partners | ZoomInfo.com


Scott A Gieselman - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Scott A Gieselman in San Francisco, CA


Scott A Gieselman

                                                Intelius found that Scott A Gieselman  is  a male from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Scott Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Mountain View, CA







Scott A Gieselman



GenderMale



Professional Status
Core Mobility



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Scott? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Scott, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Scott A Gieselman
Get a Criminal Check on Scott A Gieselman
Get a Public Record Report on Scott A Gieselman
Get a People Search Report on Scott A Gieselman


Scott A Gieselman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Scott A Gieselman has lived as well as Scott A Gieselman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Scott A Gieselman Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Scott A Gieselman


2170 J****** S* 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Mountain View, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Scott A Gieselman

(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Scott A Gieselman



Get Email Report




Scott A Gieselman's Professional Information
Information regarding Scott A Gieselman's professional history.  Find out previous places Scott A Gieselman has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott A Gieselman Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Core Mobility
               
Scott A Gieselman's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Core Mobility
Job Details
               Core Mobility is a fast growing software provider for the converging communication technologies. We are searching for the right candidate to join us at this exciting time in our company's history. Core Mobility is hiring superstar engineers to develop software for mobile devices. We are looking for people who enjoy solving challenging problems with creative solutions, can make the tough tradeoffs, and have the fortitude to develop code that will be used by tens of millions of users worldwide on a daily basis with no room for faults. Come join our team in tackling these challenges and more. As a Mobile OS Software Engineer, you will work in unison with Server Side Application Engineers and the Handset Delivery Team to develop and port applications for existing and new product lines. You will work with the product team to build and deliver our offering. Key Requirements The preferred candidate will have strong development skills with at least 5 years programming experience.
Additional Professional Information on Scott A Gieselman

 See Scott A Gieselman's LinkedIn Profile



Scott A Gieselman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Scott A Gieselman


Scott A Gieselman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Scott A Gieselman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Scott Gieselman
Username Matches

                  ScottGieselman
                  GieselmanScott
                  Scott.Gieselman
                  Gieselman.Scott
                  Scott_Gieselman
                  Gieselman_Scott
                  Scott-Gieselman
                  Gieselman-Scott
                  SGieselman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Gieselman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Scott A. Gieselman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Scott A. Gieselman
Board Member at Wildhorse Resource Development Corp


View Full Profile
Are you Scott A. Gieselman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott A. Gieselman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott A. Gieselman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott A. Gieselman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott A. Gieselman through your network of contacts.
												








Scott A. Gieselman's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Wildhorse Resource Development Corp


Board Member, 
Vantage Energy Acquisition Corp.


Past
To view Scott A. Gieselman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 


Scott A. Gieselman's Biography



Scott A. Gieselman has served as a member of our board of directors since September 2016. Mr. Gieselman has served as a Partner for NGP since April 2007. Prior to joining NGP, Mr. Gieselman worked in various positions in the investment banking energy group of Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he became a partner in 2002. Mr. Gieselman has served as a member of the board of directors of Rice Energy, Inc. since January 2014 and was a member of the board of directors of MRD from its formation until it was acquired by Range Resources Corporation in September 2016. In addition, Mr. Gieselman served as a member of the board of directors of MEMP GP from D ...
(Read More)

			Scott A. Gieselman has served as a member of our board of directors since September 2016. Mr. Gieselman has served as a Partner for NGP since April 2007. Prior to joining NGP, Mr. Gieselman worked in various positions in the investment banking energy group of Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he became a partner in 2002. Mr. Gieselman has served as a member of the board of directors of Rice Energy, Inc. since January 2014 and was a member of the board of directors of MRD from its formation until it was acquired by Range Resources Corporation in September 2016. In addition, Mr. Gieselman served as a member of the board of directors of MEMP GP from December 2011 until March 2016. 

The board of directors believes that Mr. Gieselman's considerable financial and energy investment banking experience, as well as his experience on the boards of several energy companies bring important and valuable skills to the board of directors and us.
		
Source: Wildhorse Resource Development Corp on 04/03/2017
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott A. Gieselman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Scott A. Gieselman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott A. Gieselman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott A. Gieselman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott A. Gieselman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Scott A. Gieselman


















Scott A. Gieselman's Connections (60)





Sign up now to view Scott A. Gieselman's 60 connections »









Kevin S. Crutchfield
Board Member, Coeur Mining, Inc.









Patrick Wood
Lead Independent Director, SunPower Corporation









Jonathan M. Clarkson
Chairman of the Board, Memorial Production Partners LP









John McCartney
Non-executive Chairman of the board, Huron Consulting Group Inc.









Jonathan Koch
Former Board Member, Renewable Energy Group, Inc.









James W. Rogers
Vice President, Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer and Treasurer, Rice Energy Inc.









William J. Scarff
President and Chief Executive Officer, Memorial Production Partners LP









Anthony F. Bahr
Dir. and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Wildhorse Resource Development Corp









Richard D. Brannon
Board Member, Energy Transfer Equity, L.P.









Toby Z. Rice
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Rice Energy Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















SCOTT A. GIESELMAN | Natural Gas Partners 





































 


























 













SCOTT A. GIESELMAN

 Partner
Irving, TX
(972) 432-1440
Mr. Gieselman joined NGP in early 2007 and serves as Partner of the NGP funds. He concentrates on NGP’s efforts in sourcing, structuring, and executing investments, monitoring existing investments and capital market transactions. Mr. Gieselman also serves as Chairman of the Firm’s Marketing & Business Development Committee in addition to being on the Investment, Investment Process, Monitoring, and Marketing/Business Development committees.
Prior to joining NGP, Mr. Gieselman had a successful 20-year career with Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he became a Partner in 2002. During his tenure, Mr. Gieselman served in a number of senior management positions in the firm’s Natural Resources Investment Banking division where he ran the West Coast and Southwest energy efforts.
Mr. Gieselman received a B.S. in 1985 and an M.B.A. in 1988 from Boston College.










LOCATION:
5221 N. O’Connor Blvd.  11th FloorIrving, TX 75039Map


PHONE:
(972) 432-1440


EMAIL:
inquiries@ngptrs.com




 




© 2017. NGP ENERGY CAPITAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 











				MENU							



Home
About NGP
Our Team
Investments
News
Events & Appearances
Partner Login
Portfolio Company Portal Login


 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SCOTT GIESELMAN - WELLESLEY, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



WELLESLEY



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SCOTT GIESELMAN
                                    



 





















S 


SCOTT GIESELMAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



572 WASHINGTON ST WELLESLEY, MA 02482
Get Directions



(781) 239-3220





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Scott Gieselman Joins NGP - PE Hub






















































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Scott Gieselman Joins NGP


April 5, 2007
By PEHub Administrator



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Scott Gieselman Joins NGP

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Scott Gieselman has joined Natural Gas Partners as a managing director. He previously was a partner with Goldman Sachs, in the firm's natural resources I-banking division. www.naturalgaspartners.com

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Scott Gieselman Joins NGP

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 





























 













Scott A Gieselman | PSEPS Venture Data















Skip to main content








FundsVentureFunds of FundsReal EstateMezzanineBuyoutInfrastructureSecondariesPerformance rankingsIndustriesManufacturingComputer, Electronic and Optical ProductsBatteriesMedical DevicesMedical SuppliesPharmaceuticalsInformation ServicesInvestorsSeedSeries AOther VentureAcquisitionsIndividualsGrants 






Scott A Gieselman












Mr Scott A Gieselman 

OverviewMr. Gieselman joined NGP in 2007 and serves as a Managing Director of the NGP funds. He concentrates on NGP’s efforts in sourcing, structuring and executing investments and capital market transactions. Mr. Gieselman brings a unique perspective to NGP having spent a significant portion of his career in the energy industry working on large transactions with publicly-traded companies involving public debt and equity markets. He has a wealth of contacts with leading companies across all spectrums of the industry, including upstream E&P, oil sands, midstream MLP, chemical, regulated and unregulated utilities and oilfield service sectors.
Prior to joining NGP, Mr. Gieselman had a successful 20-year career with Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he became a Partner in 2002. During his tenure, Mr. Gieselman served in a number of senior management positions in the firm’s Natural Resources Investment Banking division where he ran the West Coast and Southwest energy efforts. While at Goldman, Mr. Gieselman was responsible for leading some of the largest and most complex capital markets transactions in the energy industry totaling over $70 billion in value.Mr. Gieselman received a B.S. in 1985 from Boston College's Carroll School of Management and an M.B.A. in 1988 from the Carroll Graduate School of Management.

Career



 Natural Gas Partners
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 


 
Position: 
Managing Director (Irving) (current) 
 
edit delete
  


Add a position

  


Add a job

 

Add education

 

PSEPS ID: 89387 














Search form

Search 





 





More like this


David R Albin
David W Hayes
Tony R Weber
Richard L Covington
William J Quinn 
John A Weinzierl
Natural Gas Partners
 





Investment themes




funds



 3d printing  

 advanced materials  

 artificial intelligence  

 augmented and virtual reality (AR VR)  

 automotive  

 blockchain  

 cybersecurity  

 drones - UAVs  

 education  

 electric vehicles  

 energy harvesting  

 energy storage  

 fintech  

 internet of things (IoT)  

 nanotechnology  

 robotics  

 sensors  

 wearable technology  

 





User login



Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 





Navigation


Stock exchanges
Terms of use
 









 










© Copyright 2017 by PSEPS Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 



 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































