    Robert Gifford | Epiq Systems Inc | ZoomInfo.com




















 



 Robert G. Gifford, Former President And CEO Of AIG Global Real Estate, Joins RPAI’s Board Of 
         










    










 













 











 



















Robert G. Gifford, Former President And CEO Of AIG Global Real Estate, Joins RPAI's Board Of Directors
        																																																								
              

          Leader with more than 30 years of experience in real estate transactions and development
        











 News provided by
Retail Properties of America, Inc.  
Oct 25, 2016, 16:15 ET









 Share this article




























































OAK BROOK, Ill., Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Retail Properties of America, Inc. (NYSE:    RPAI or the "Company") announced today that Robert G. Gifford, former president and chief executive officer of AIG Global Real Estate, has been appointed to RPAI's Board of Directors.










 







							 		Robert Gifford joins RPAI's Board of Directors
							  


 







							 		RPAI Logo
							  




 
 

 

 
 



Mr. Gifford has broad experience in real estate investments and major development projects across various market sectors. Mr. Gifford joined AIG Global Real Estate as President and Chief Executive Officer one year after the U.S. Government took an equity interest in AIG. In this role, Mr. Gifford executed on both the wind-down of $20 billion of legacy real estate assets under management, including retail and mixed-use development projects and the subsequent strategic rebuilding of their real estate investment platform, committing over $2.5 billion of equity to $7.5 billion of new real estate projects, with a focus on development and value-add acquisitions. 
Prior to joining AIG Global Real Estate, Mr. Gifford was a Principal with AEW Capital Management, L.P. (AEW) where he led a team in creating and implementing an opportunistic investment strategy targeting value-add real estate acquisitions and development, including retail and mixed-use properties. Additionally, while at AEW, Mr. Gifford's capital markets experience included the structuring and marketing of specialized REIT funds and leading a $2 billion recapitalization of a super-regional shopping center portfolio. Currently, Mr. Gifford serves as a Director of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. and is an active member of the Urban Land Institute where he formerly served as Council Vice-Chair.  
"RPAI's Board of Directors continues to transform in connection with our tremendous progress against our strategic plan," stated Steven Grimes, president and chief executive officer. "With our recently announced intent to complete the execution of our strategic plan by the end of 2018 and to create value through redevelopment opportunities, Mr. Gifford's extensive background in real estate and years of experience in creating strategic growth opportunities will serve to benefit the Company as we further enhance the long-term value proposition for our shareholders."
About RPAI 
Retail Properties of America, Inc. is a REIT and is one of the largest owners and operators of high quality, strategically located shopping centers in the United States. As of June 30, 2016, the Company owned 185 retail operating properties representing 28.1 million square feet. The Company is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RPAI. Additional information about the Company is available at www.rpai.com.
Media Contact:Kimberly FreelyAVP, PR & Communications630-634-4319freely@rpai.com
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432474 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140422/77417
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/robert-g-gifford-former-president-and-ceo-of-aig-global-real-estate-joins-rpais-board-of-directors-300350955.html
SOURCE Retail Properties of America, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.RPAI.com



 

















Oct 25, 2016, 18:21 ET
Preview: Retail Properties Of America, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Dividends On Preferred And Common Stock




















Oct 04, 2016, 13:30 ET
Preview: Skechers joins F21 Red at Central Texas Marketplace








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 25, 2017, 20:55 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Retail Properties Of America, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2017...








 











Jul 10, 2017, 18:05 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Retail Properties Of America, Inc. Announces That Nearly 95% Of...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Retail
  Banking & Financial Services
  Real Estate
  Commercial Real Estate
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Robert G. Gifford, Former President And CEO Of AIG Global Real Estate, Joins RPAI's Board Of Directors


 News provided by
Retail Properties of America, Inc.  
Oct 25, 2016, 16:15 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Robert G Severins - Gifford, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert G Severins in Gifford, IL


Robert G Severins

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert G Severins  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Gifford, IL.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bob  Severins


Get Report Now

Age

Robert G Severins is in his 40s

Robert Has Lived In

Gifford, IL
Rantoul, IL
Champaign, IL

Robert's Relatives

Alicia Severins
Carol Severins
Jean Severins
Gene Severins







Robert G Severins



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Owner at Trendsetter DJ Production



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert G Severins
Get a Criminal Check on Robert G Severins
Get a Public Record Report on Robert G Severins
Get a People Search Report on Robert G Severins


Robert G Severins's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert G Severins has lived as well as Robert G Severins's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert G Severins Has Lived in 1 States
Illinois Address for Robert G Severins


108 E P**** S* 

Gifford, IL


Has Lived In

Gifford, IL
Rantoul, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert G Severins

(217) ***-**** - Gifford, IL 
(217) ***-**** - Gifford, IL 
(217) ***-**** - Rantoul, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert G Severins

b*b@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert G Severins's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert G Severins's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert G Severins has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert G Severins Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Trendsetter DJ Production
               Title: Owner
Robert G Severins's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: Trendsetter DJ Production
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Robert G Severins

 See Robert G Severins's LinkedIn Profile



Robert G Severins's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert G Severins


Robert G Severins's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert G Severins's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Severins
Username Matches

                  RobertSeverins
                  SeverinsRobert
                  Robert.Severins
                  Severins.Robert
                  Robert_Severins
                  Severins_Robert
                  Robert-Severins
                  Severins-Robert
                  RSeverins
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Severins







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Robert Gifford Obituary - Ridgewood, NJ | The Record






 






























































































Services






C. C. Van Emburgh - Ridgewood




306 E Ridgewood Ave  


Ridgewood, NJ  07450



(201) 445-0344


Website
View Map


Send Flowers











Resources


More Obituaries for Robert Gifford


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Robert G. Gifford


Obituary
Condolences




























						GIFFORD - Robert G., of Upper Saddle River, formerly of Ridgewood, died on December 20, 2006 at the age of 78. He was a Senior Partner of the New York law firm now known as Thelen Reid & Priest, where he had been employed for 39 years. He graduated from Holy Cross College and Fordham Law School, where he was Business Editor of the Fordham Law Review. He was a member of the New York State Bar, a Proctor in Admiralty and member of The U.S. Maritime Law Association where he chaired the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Subcommittee. He was member of the Downtown Athletic Club, New York Lawyers Club, University Club, and The Society Of The Valley Hospital among others. Robert ("Bob") was a loving spouse and father. He was a caring and generous provider. He valued education and language. He shared his love of travel with family and friends via many memorable vacations. An avid traveler, he wrote guide books about canal cruises in France and Ireland, including "Gifford's Guides: Cruising Ireland's Shannon & Erne Waterways." Possessed of a "big" lyric Bass voice, he sang with the Holy Cross Glee Club and Quartet; in Carnegie Hall with the Downtown Glee Club and locally with the Mt Carmel Choir, Ridgewood Singers and Orpheus Club. During the Korean War, he served in the New York National Guard, 4th Infantry Division and the 82nd Airborne Division of the Army. He assisted the Air Force in Taipei, Saigon and Tuy Hua during the Vietnam War. He leaves his wife, Mary (nee Mahan), and seven children: John, Tim, Nancy Hallowell, Jane Lindenburg, Tracey, Paula Casiraghi and Sally; and nine grandchildren. Funeral Mass at Our Lady of Mt. Carmel, Ridgewood on Thursday, December 28 at 10:45 AM. Interment at Maryrest Cemetary in Mahwah. Visitation on Friday, December 27, 2-4 PM and 7-9 PM at Van Emburgh Funeral Home in Ridgewood. Memorial donations may be made to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation via 1-800-533-CURE.
					


Published in The Record  from Dec. 22 to Dec. 23, 2006


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.







2 Entries



The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for ROBERT G. GIFFORD




"Please accept our deepest sympathies."-EDMUNDO ELORDUY

Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries













































				More Information
			
















Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.









































Gifford, Robert G. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Robert G. Gifford
ROBERT G. GIFFORD is a Senior Portfolio Manager with AEW Capital
Management, L.P. in the firm’s Real Estate Securities Group, with
responsibility for managing the AEW Targeted Securities Funds. The Funds
make structured private placements in real estate companies. Mr. Gifford
has 17 years of portfolio and asset management experience. He joined AEW
in 1986 to assume responsibility for managing a nationwide portfolio of
17 regional shopping centers. Subsequently, he took on additional
responsibilities as a Regional Asset Management Director for the
Southeast, and then as a Portfolio Manager. A significant portion of Mr.
Gifford’s career at AEW has been spent managing the firm’s company-level
investments in the Taubman Realty Group and the Westcor companies. From
1995 to 1997, he worked with several of the firm’s clients in the
analysis and execution of portfolio securitization opportunities. Mr.
Gifford came to AEW from The Rouse Company where, as Assistant
Development Director, he managed development planning for several
projects in Atlanta. He earned a BA degree from Dartmouth College and a
MPPM from the Yale School of Management.
Related Interviews:Robert Gifford - Aew Capital Management LpDecember 18, 2000







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












Robert G. Gifford, Former President And CEO Of AIG Global Real Estate, Joins RPAI's Board Of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballRobert G. Gifford, Former President And CEO Of AIG Global Real Estate, Joins RPAI's Board Of DirectorsPR NewswireOctober 25, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareOAK BROOK, Ill., Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Retail Properties of America, Inc. (NYSE: RPAI or the "Company") announced today that Robert G. Gifford, former president and chief executive officer of AIG Global Real Estate, has been appointed to RPAI's Board of Directors.View photosRobert Gifford joins RPAI's Board of DirectorsMoreMr. Gifford has broad experience in real estate investments and major development projects across various market sectors. Mr. Gifford joined AIG Global Real Estate as President and Chief Executive Officer one year after the U.S. Government took an equity interest in AIG. In this role, Mr. Gifford executed on both the wind-down of $20 billion of legacy real estate assets under management, including retail and mixed-use development projects and the subsequent strategic rebuilding of their real estate investment platform, committing over $2.5 billion of equity to $7.5 billion of new real estate projects, with a focus on development and value-add acquisitions.Prior to joining AIG Global Real Estate, Mr. Gifford was a Principal with AEW Capital Management, L.P. (AEW) where he led a team in creating and implementing an opportunistic investment strategy targeting value-add real estate acquisitions and development, including retail and mixed-use properties. Additionally, while at AEW, Mr. Gifford's capital markets experience included the structuring and marketing of specialized REIT funds and leading a $2 billion recapitalization of a super-regional shopping center portfolio. Currently, Mr. Gifford serves as a Director of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. and is an active member of the Urban Land Institute where he formerly served as Council Vice-Chair.  "RPAI's Board of Directors continues to transform in connection with our tremendous progress against our strategic plan," stated Steven Grimes, president and chief executive officer. "With our recently announced intent to complete the execution of our strategic plan by the end of 2018 and to create value through redevelopment opportunities, Mr. Gifford's extensive background in real estate and years of experience in creating strategic growth opportunities will serve to benefit the Company as we further enhance the long-term value proposition for our shareholders."About RPAIRetail Properties of America, Inc. is a REIT and is one of the largest owners and operators of high quality, strategically located shopping centers in the United States. As of June 30, 2016, the Company owned 185 retail operating properties representing 28.1 million square feet. The Company is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RPAI. Additional information about the Company is available at www.rpai.com.Media Contact:Kimberly Freely AVP, PR & Communications 630-634-4319 freely@rpai.comView photosRPAI LogoMoreRead MorePhoto - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432474 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140422/77417 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/robert-g-gifford-former-president-and-ceo-of-aig-global-real-estate-joins-rpais-board-of-directors-300350955.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextGoogle is quietly buying properties worth $820 million in Silicon Valley as it looks to keep growingCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMeg Whitman's out. Will GE chief executive take over Uber?SiliconBeatWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekHuman Barbie Takes Off Make Up, Drs Are StunnedKiwi ReportSponsoredTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCA major player in the struggle for control of the Sinaloa cartel just surrendered in the USBusiness InsiderExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military serviceBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 52.2k








