

William G. Gisel Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:28 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Rich Products Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William G. Gisel Jr.Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Rich Products CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships64--
Background

		Mr. William G. Gisel, also known as Bill, Jr., has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at Rich Products Corporation since October 2006. Mr. Gisel is responsible for directing Rich's overall strategic direction, as well as its various domestic and international business units. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Rich Products Corporation from 1999 to January 1, 2012 and served as its head of Rich Products Corporation Executive Leadership Team. He served ... as the President of Rich Product's Food Group from 1996 to 1999. At Rich Product, he served as an Executive Vice President of International & Strategic Planning and led the Rich Products Corporation worldwide expansion into international markets in Asia, Latin America, Europe and Africa. He joined Rich's in 1982 and served as its First General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. He served as Vice President of International Division at Rich since 1988. He spent four years as an associate at Bankers Trust Company. He serves as Member of Upstate New York Regional Advisory Board at The Federal Reserve Bank of New York. He has been a Director of KeyCorp. since November 17, 2011. He serves as a Director of Rich Products Corporation and TR Services, Inc. He has been an Independent Director at Moog Inc. since 2012. He serves as Director of Grocery Manufacturers Association. He served as a Director of MOD-PAC Corp. from 2003 to September 30, 2013. He serves on the boards of many civic and charitable organizations including Community Foundation of Greater Buffalo, the Buffalo Niagara Partnership, The Nichols School, The University at Buffalo Foundation, Inc., the Bell Foundation and the Goodyear Foundation. He served as a Director at National Food Processors Association. He is a member of the Dean's Council at the University at Buffalo School of Management where he has also been an adjunct faculty member. He is the recipient of numerous awards and honors including the Thomas Hart Kendrig Award, Western New York International Trade Council, 1995; Rich Products Corporation "President's Award," 1994; "40 Under 40 Award," Business First newspaper, 1992; Governor's Award for Achievement in Export, 1991; and the Nichols School Distinguished Alumnus Award, 1990. He is a 1970 graduate of The Nichols School. Mr. Gisel earned a B.A. from Williams College, a J.D. in Law from the Emory University School of Law and an MBA from the University of Rochester William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Robert Rich WayBuffalo, New York 14213United StatesPhone: 716-878-8000Fax: 716-878-8765
Board Members Memberships
Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorRich Products Corporation2011-PresentDirectorKeyCorp2012-PresentIndependent DirectorMoog Inc.
Education
BA 1974Williams CollegeJD 1978Emory University School of LawMBA 1987Simon Graduate School of Business at The University of RochesterUnknown/Other Education 1970The Nichols School
Other Affiliations
The Federal Reserve Bank of New YorkMoog Inc.KeyCorpWilliams CollegeMOD-PAC Corp.National Food Processors AssociationEmory University School of LawSimon Graduate School of Business at The University of RochesterThe Nichols SchoolRich Products Ltd.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rich Products Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































William G. Gisel Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William G. Gisel Jr.
Board Member at Moog Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William G. Gisel Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William G. Gisel Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William G. Gisel Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William G. Gisel Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William G. Gisel Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








William G. Gisel Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Moog Inc.


Past
To view William G. Gisel Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Williams College


														 J.D., 
															Emory University


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Rochester


Age
64

 
 


William G. Gisel Jr.'s Biography



Other Public Directorships:
MOD-PAC CORP. (2002-2013)
Moog Inc. (since 2012)

Biography:
Mr. Gisel is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Rich Products Corporation, a global manufacturer and supplier of frozen foods with annual sales of approximately $3.5 billion. Rich Products Corporation is a leading supplier to the consumer products, food service and bakery segment of the food industry internationally. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2006, Mr. Gisel began his career at Rich Products Corporation as General Counsel and also spent four years at Philips, Lytle, LLC. Mr. Gisel is a member of the Board of Directors of  ...
(Read More)

			Other Public Directorships:
MOD-PAC CORP. (2002-2013)
Moog Inc. (since 2012)

Biography:
Mr. Gisel is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Rich Products Corporation, a global manufacturer and supplier of frozen foods with annual sales of approximately $3.5 billion. Rich Products Corporation is a leading supplier to the consumer products, food service and bakery segment of the food industry internationally. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2006, Mr. Gisel began his career at Rich Products Corporation as General Counsel and also spent four years at Philips, Lytle, LLC. Mr. Gisel is a member of the Board of Directors of the Grocery Manufacturers Association and a Trustee of John R. Oishei Foundation.

Select Qualifications and Experience 
-In various capacities with Rich Products Corporation, led the company's expansion into foreign markets, including Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. As President of Rich Products Corporation's Food Group and its Chief Operating Officer, managed the international expansion of Rich Products Corporation through acquisitions and organic growth. 
-As Chief Executive Officer of Rich Products Corporation, responsible for directing the company's overall strategy and its worldwide business operations. Has held positions of increasing responsibility with Rich Products Corporation, including as Chief Operating Officer and President of the company's Food Group and Executive Vice President for International and Strategic Planning.
		
Source: KeyCorp on 01/19/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William G. Gisel Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William G. Gisel Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William G. Gisel Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William G. Gisel Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William G. Gisel Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William G. Gisel Jr.


















William G. Gisel Jr.'s Connections (103)





Sign up now to view William G. Gisel Jr.'s 103 connections »









Ruth Ann M. Gillis
Board Member, KeyCorp









Henry L. Meyer
Former Non-Executive Employee, KeyCorp









Richard B. Lawrence
Board Member, Moog Inc.









Daniel G. Keane
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Mod Pac









Richard J. Hipple
Executive Chairman, Materion Corporation









Joseph A. Carrabba
Board Member, Newmont Mining Corporation









Austin A. Adams
Board Member, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









Alexander M. Cutler
Board Member, KeyCorp









Bruce D. Broussard
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Humana Inc.









David B. Lupp
Former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mod Pac








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















GISEL,WILLIAM G JR - RICH PRODUCTS CORPORATION - Business Profiles





















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Hawaii
  /  
RICH PRODUCTS CORPORATION
  /  
GISEL,WILLIAM G JR





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













GISEL,WILLIAM G JR

 Hawaii
 US-HI-30263F1
 




GISEL,WILLIAM G JR is the P/D of RICH PRODUCTS CORPORATION, registered in Hawaii.




Save Profile  
 







DETAILS


Name: GISEL,WILLIAM G JR
Office Held: P/D




OTHER OFFICERS FOR THIS COMPANY



THE CORPORATION COMPANY, INC.
Registered Agent



RICH,ROBERT E JR
C/D




RICH,MELINDA R
VC/D




HURLEY,MAUREEN O
EV/GS




GILLMORE,WILLIAM V
SRV




KLEIN,PAUL L
SRV




SEGARRA,JOSEPH W
V




GRIESHOBER,WILLIAM E JR
V/AS




BOND,JILL K
V/AS




RICH,VICKI D
V/D




GOLDEN,JONATHAN
AS/D




DOUGHERTY,JOHN P
T




DEUSCHLE,JAMES
CFO




KUSCHE,HERBERT R
D




















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec











Executive Profile | Rich Products Corporation | William G. (Bill) Gisel Jr. | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











William G. (Bill) Gisel Jr. 

		
		President and CEO, 

	
		 Rich Products Corporation 	

 
Last Updated: 06/22/2016 



Executive Summary
William G. (Bill) Gisel, Jr. serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Rich Products Corporation.  After working as a trial lawyer for four years, Bill Gisel joined Rich’s in 1982 to help establish Rich’s in-house legal department and develop an international technology licensing portfolio before earning h 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Gisel is a 1970 graduate of the Nichols School in Buffalo, N.Y.
His favorite sport is Skiing. 
Current Focus

Company snapshot: With the creation of the first non-diary topping, Rich's Whip Topping, Robert E. Rich Sr. founded this company in 1945. Rich Products Corporation is a supplier to the foodservice, in-store bakery, and  
Key Challenges

Sustaining Growth:  Gisel is a thought partner with Rich Products Chairman Bob Rich in grappling with succession planning and ensuring sustained growth.  "'What do we have to do to sustain growth in a gl 
Biographical Highlights

Born c. 1953
Gisel earned a BA degree from Williams College in 1974 and a Juris Doctorate from the Emory University School of Law in 1978. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former President, Board of Trustees, Nichols School
Former Member, Board of Directors, Mod-Pac Corporation 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us






















Confucius Institute :: University at Buffalo ::  » Gisel



















































The College of Arts and Sciences




 
skip navigation




Confucius Institute














Search for:










 





Biography
Board of Directors
Staff
Guest Teachers
 


William G. Gisel, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rich Products Corporation
As president and chief executive officer and head of Rich Products’ Executive Leadership Team, Bill Gisel is responsible for directing the company’s overall strategic direction, as well as Rich’s various domestic and international business units. Gisel is also a member of the company’s board of directors.
Gisel started his career at Bankers Trust Company in 1974. In 1978, he joined Phillips, Lytle, Hitchcock, Blaine & Huber as an associate in the firm’s litigation department.
Gisel joined Rich’s in 1982 and served as vice president, general counsel prior to being named vice president, International Division in 1988 and executive vice president, International, Strategic Planning, Legal Q.A. in 1993. Gisel was named president, Rich’s Food Group in 1993 and then chief operating officer in 1999, a position he held until his appointment to CEO in 2006. Since 1983, Gisel has also served as the vice president / secretary of Bison Baseball, Inc.
Gisel is the recipient of numerous awards and honors including: the Thomas Hart Kendrig Award for Export Achievement, Western New York International Trade Council (1995); Rich Products Corporation “President’s Award” (1994); “40 Under 40 Award,” Business First newspaper (1992); and the Nichols School Distinguished Alumnus Award (1990).
Gisel currently serves on the boards of many civic and charitable organizations, including: the board of directors, HSBC Bank USA; board of directors, Buffalo Niagara Enterprise; Beta Gamma Sigma Society; President’s Advisory Council, Grocery Manufacturers of America; board of directors, Treasurer, Women’s Foodservice Forum; board of directors, University at Buffalo Foundation, Inc.; board of directors, Josephine Goodyear Foundation; board of directors, 21st Century Fund of the Community Foundation for Greater Buffalo; New York State Bar Association; trustee, Bell Foundation; board of directors, T.R. Services, Inc.; advisory board, International Trade Exchange.


















Confucius Institute | UB Commons, 520 Lee Entrance, Suite 113 | Buffalo, NY 14228
        Phone: (716) 645-9090 | Fax: (716) 645-5002
        © College of Arts and Sciences 2017. All rights reserved.
        This website is supported by the College of Arts and Sciences web teamrenee ruffino | creative design director
        katie barnum | web developeralex morrison | student assistant
        Inquiries or comments about this website should be directed to the College of Arts and Sciences webmaster


About Buffalo
Student Life
Campus Maps
College of Arts & Sciences
Graduate Study @ UB















   William Gisel | Rich Products Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

 







 































 


































































Gisel sees Rich investment as boost for Niagara Street - The Buffalo News





































William G. Gisel Jr., Rich Products CEO, said the company got into foreign markets early.



Gisel sees Rich investment as boost for Niagara Street
 
					By					
Staff



|
				Published
		Sun, Jul 6, 2014


|
		Updated
		Sun, Jul 6, 2014





Share




Tweet



EMAIL 












Share this article
×




EMAIL 


 Pinterest
					



 LinkedIn
					



 Reddit
					



 WhatsApp
					






 


William G. Gisel Jr. remembers walking into a Niagara Street building in the late 1980s that Rich Products was considering buying.
The property was in financial distress, and still had tenants including an auto parts store, a rust-proofing operation, and a metal fabricator. But the food products company saw potential for more space for its research and development work, said Gisel, now the chief executive officer of Rich. The company bought and transformed the building, adding space to its headquarters complex and creating a gathering spot commonly called the Atrium.
Rich has evolved over the past quarter century. The family-owned business no longer manufactures products in Buffalo, but has bulked up its corporate operations here. The company has a presence in 112 countries, operates nine R&D centers around the world, and records annual sales of $3.3 billion. To reflect its growth, the company has modernized the Atrium and created a new “customer innovation center,” an $18.5 million investment that is substantially complete.
Gisel joined Rich in 1982 and was named CEO in 2006. He reflected on the changes and how its international growth flows back home.
Matt Glynn: What does the investment in your property mean for Niagara Street?
William Gisel: We’re very pleased with the mayor’s and the city’s focus on Niagara Street, on this corridor, and the realization that it’s a high opportunity area for the future of the city. When you think about a space that overlooks the river and faces Canada, there’s just so much to like about this. And one of our goals was to make enough of a commitment to this space that would draw others to believe that this is a good place to be for the long term. And so we’ve seen Resurgence Brewing next door. That’s a great development that hopefully is the beginning of several more. There’s nothing that we would like more than to see a real upsurge in interest in Niagara Street as a home for new businesses.
MG: Which markets are performing the best for Rich Products right now?
WG: Our U.S. business is doing very well. The growth rates in the U.S. are fairly low, as they are in many industries. The food industry is not growing quickly right now, along with the rest of the economy. We’re doing much better than the industry growth, so that’s a positive sign. We have a new business that we acquired a little over a year ago, the F’real milkshake business, and that’s growing very, very well. We’re on track to sell somewhere near 50 million milkshakes in 2014. We’re gradually rising in the ranks of the top sellers of milkshakes in the country.
Our business in Asia continues to be very strong, more than double-digit growth rates across the region, led by excellent growth in China. We continue to expand into tier-three and tier-four cities in China. There’s close to 300 cities in China with more than a million people, so there’s an enormous market that’s still coming into its own, and we are very much on the forefront of that market.
MG: Are there other countries you would still like to expand into?
WG: There definitely are. We’re in the Middle East, but we’re not in all the Middle Eastern countries. You have to be realistic about some of the constraints that exist in these places. We started off our international business in the late ’80s, and our major criteria at that time were a simple model of access and appeal. What markets can we have reasonable access to, based on duty restrictions or food laws or other things, or infrastructure? And appeal, as to what markets would have an appetite for some of the things that we’re able to offer. And just by using those two simple criteria, we’ve been able to consistently evaluate opportunities in different places around the world.
MG: How does your international growth flow back to Buffalo?
WG: Well, you’re seeing it. This place here is a headquarters that is geared to support a global corporation. If we were not a global company, we wouldn’t need the kinds of capabilities that we have constructed here. So what this really represents is a commitment by the Rich family to Western New York for a longer-term presence in this area. We could put these things anywhere in the world; we have nine R&D centers. But making the decision to do it here is really the family’s very strong commitment to Western New York as the headquarters of the company for the future.
MG: How has the economy treated Rich Products over the past couple of years?
WG: Since the financial crisis in 2008, the recession, that affected all companies everywhere, it really affected consumption. So everyone had to adapt to that. We in the food industry at the same time were very affected by high commodity prices. Raw material costs went up considerably during that period of time. We weathered that in very good shape and we’ve continued to add momentum ever since. So we have been performing very well for the last several years.
Part of the reason we were so effective in weathering it is we have had a greater presence in emerging markets than most of the other food companies in the U.S. Earlier than most, we made commitments in Asia, in Latin America, in Africa, and therefore have this strong base of business, strong foundation in emerging markets, when they were growing much faster than the U.S. Over the last couple of years, those economies have softened quite a bit, many of the emerging markets. And the U.S. has started to pick up a little bit. So what we’re starting to see now is a much more balanced but less growth-driven business climate. 
MG: The company had an issue last year with a national E. coli outbreak linked to a Rich plant in Waycross, Ga. What was the outcome?
WG: Those types of issues happen from time to time in the food industry, and as an industry, the attention to food safety has never been higher. And it is higher in the U.S. than in any country in the world. Rich’s reflects those values. Food safety and the safety of our associates are the two most important things that we dwell on with all of our people. So when something like this happens, you know it’s a possibility because we’re dealing with raw materials that are coming from so many different places.
The most important thing is, how do you react to it? What we did is we got out in front of the issue. We worked very closely with the health authorities at the state and federal levels. We instituted recalls voluntarily early on to make sure we eliminated any possible risk. The reason we did that is because identifying the specific source of something like this is really like finding that proverbial needle in a haystack. And we did not want to wait to see if we would find that needle before taking action to assure that there would be no ongoing issues.
In the end, there were no specific sources that could be identified, and that was not a huge surprise because of the way we process food, and the ingredients that come through, and it’s harder to go back and do research into the past of what happened in a circumstance like this.
We ended up deciding to close the plant, not because of safety issues, but because of a change in the decision on the way we would produce these products and a change in a bit of the portfolio. And from an economic standpoint, it became a facility that was not viable going forward. So that facility has been closed for some time now, but the overall product line continues to be very much in our portfolio and doing very well.
email: mglynn@buffnews.com











				There are no comments - be the first to comment
			














Recommended for you


 




































