










 




Glendon Capital Management L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:54 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Glendon Capital Management L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Glendon Capital Management L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to banking organizations, private investment funds, registered investment companies, foreign investment companies, educational endowments, corporate pension and profit-sharing plans, charitable institutions, foundations, endowments, municipalities, trust programs, sovereign funds, foreign funds, other U.S. and international institutions, family offices, and high net worth individuals. The firm invests in fixed income and public equity markets of the globe. It invests primarily in distressed securities and employs an event-driven strategy to make its investments. Glendon Capital Management L.P. i...
Glendon Capital Management L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to banking organizations, private investment funds, registered investment companies, foreign investment companies, educational endowments, corporate pension and profit-sharing plans, charitable institutions, foundations, endowments, municipalities, trust programs, sovereign funds, foreign funds, other U.S. and international institutions, family offices, and high net worth individuals. The firm invests in fixed income and public equity markets of the globe. It invests primarily in distressed securities and employs an event-driven strategy to make its investments. Glendon Capital Management L.P. is based in California, United States.
Detailed Description


1620 26th StreetSuite 2000NSanta Monica, CA 90404-4045United States



Phone: 310-907-0450

Fax: 310-828-5747








Key Executives for Glendon Capital Management L.P.




Mr. Matthew Scott Barrett


      	Limited Partner and Managing Director
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Brian D. Berman


      	Limited Partner and Managing Director
      








Ms. Holly Hyunjin Kim


      	Limited Partner and Managing Director
      








Mr. Eitan Jacob Simon Melamed


      	Limited Partner and Managing Director
      








Mr. Michael Curry Montgomery


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Glendon Capital Management L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Business News | UK & World Economy | Global Economic Crisis | IBTimes | IBT           International Business Times UK



  EconomyCompaniesMarketsFinanceRegulation





Business

TOP STORY
Previous
Next
Headline Image #1
Headline Image #2
Headline Image #3
London's legal market will thrive after Brexit, says Baker McKenzie's Chairman EmeritusBy Gaurav Sharma
Eduardo C. Leite tells IBTimes UK the British legal industry is in a great place and will remain so regardless of Brexit.


Current US economic expansion cycle is the slowest on recordAmerican quarterly GDP meets expectations but compares unfavourably to economic activity in 2015 and 2016. 9 hours agoBy Staff Reporter



MORE NEWS

Brexit won't disrupt transatlantic air traffic, says Transport Secretary Chris GraylingGrayling says Britain will be ready to implement new agreements with the US after it leaves the block. 11 hours agoBy Dan Cancian


British Airways owner IAG's profits surge despite IT meltdownIAG posts 37% increase in first half operating profit as IT glitch costs €58m.By Dan Cancian


UK economy staring at 'prolonged moderation'Research suggests a broader array of indicators point to a prolonged moderation in consumption. 8 hours agoBy Staff Reporter


Crossrail firms fined £1m over death of workerRenè Tkáčik was killed in 2014 as a tonne of wet concrete poured onto him. 8 hours agoBy Dan Cancian


Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France dealTycoon will pocket £220m from the sale of a 31% stake in the airline he founded in 1984. 11 hours agoBy Dan Cancian


Barclays suffers £1.2bn loss following sale of African businessBanking giant books £2.5bn loss on sale of 33% in Barclays Africa Group and set aside £700m for PPI compensation.By Dan Cancian


UK may have to wait until 2022 to broker its own free trade deals says Philip HammondChancellor says that 'many things will look similar' as the UK transitions out of the EU.By Ian Silvera


Price hikes and cost cuts light stable fire for Big TobaccoRatings agency Moody's says European tobacco giants on sound commercial footing.By Gaurav Sharma


BT profits suffer sharp fall following accounting scandalProfit before tax falls 42% to £418m in three months to June.By Karthick Arvinth




More news



EXECUTIVE FOCUS


 Meet Ray Anderson: The man letting you pay for online shopping via your phone billBy Dan Cancian




 Era of $100 oil price was an aberration says BP's Bob DudleyBy Gaurav Sharma




 New kids on Wall Street: How Mitchell Ng and his Thessalus Capital crew target healthy returnsBy Gaurav Sharma




 Meet Jason Trost: Smarkets' CEO who has bet against the traditional bookiesBy Dan Cancian




FEATURES & INSIGHT


 Brexit will throw British businesses into the jaws of more red tapeBy Karan Bilimoria




  UK businesses will face a skills cliff-edge if Theresa May gets her migration plan wrongBy Tim Thomas




 If Britain is the 'sick man' of Europe benchmarking standards have really slippedBy Gaurav Sharma




FinTech


 Accord Project joins Hyperledger to push standards for smart contractsBy Ian Allison
Hyperledger welcomed 10 new members in total.



 There is no 'but it's blockchain' exemption in US Securities lawBy Ian Allison
Stephen D. Palley, a lawyer in the Washington D.C. office of Anderson Kill,...



 Artificial Intelligence in banking: you ain't seen nothing yetBy Todd Winship




 Veritaseum hack: $8.4m worth Ethereum stolen by hackers in yet another heistBy India Ashok




 Nasdaq to acquire surveillance specialist SybenetixBy Ian Allison




 Newsweek hosts second AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event in New York CityBy Ian Allison




 London Stock Exchange and IBM to pilot blockchain for European SMEsBy Gaurav Sharma


MOST POPULAR


UK consumer confidence falls to lowest level in a year								


Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France deal								


Revealed: The cities Brexit will hit hardest								


R3's Richard Brown: IBM should adopt Corda								


'My next car will be electric,' says oil giant Shell's boss								


  
     
       Company news           International Business Times UK



  EconomyCompaniesMarketsFinanceRegulation





Companies

Crossrail firms fined £1m over death of worker 8 hours agoBy Dan Cancian
Renè Tkáčik was killed in 2014 as a tonne of wet concrete poured onto him.Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France dealBritish Airways owner IAG's profits surge despite IT meltdown




UK businesses failing to make most out of customer data, study saysOnly a quarter of firms use customers' personal data for real-time engagement.By Karthick Arvinth


British Airways owner IAG's profits surge despite IT meltdownIAG posts 37% increase in first half operating profit as IT glitch costs €58m.By Dan Cancian


Barclays suffers £1.2bn loss following sale of African businessBanking giant books £2.5bn loss on sale of 33% in Barclays Africa Group and set aside £700m for...By Dan Cancian


BT profits suffer sharp fall following accounting scandalProfit before tax falls 42% to £418m in three months to June.By Karthick Arvinth


Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France dealTycoon will pocket £220m from the sale of a 31% stake in the airline he founded in 1984.By Dan Cancian


London's legal market will thrive after Brexit, says Baker McKenzie's Chairman EmeritusEduardo C. Leite tells IBTimes UK the British legal industry is in a great place and will remain so...By Gaurav Sharma


Price hikes and cost cuts light stable fire for Big TobaccoRatings agency Moody's says European tobacco giants on sound commercial footing.By Gaurav Sharma


'My next car will be electric,' says oil giant Shell's bossBen Van Beurden believes move to electrify the economy is a good thing.By Staff Reporter


UK decides to consign Libor benchmark to dustbin of banking historyEnd of the road for Libor nears as watchdog FCA says global interest rate benchmark has outlived...By Gaurav Sharma




More news





  Heathrow passengers to avoid price increase despite airport expansionBy Dan Cancian
IAG and industry bodies have warned expansion could result in sharp increase in landing charges.



 Amazon launches Prime Now service in Singapore as it bids to take on AlibabaBy Dan Cancian
Singapore marks the first time the online retail giant has entered the south east Asian market.



 Oil price hits 8-week high as European 'Big Oil' stalwarts see reversal in fortunesBy Gaurav Sharma
Shell, Total, Statoil and Repsol post encouraging quarterly financials and hint at recovery from three-year long...





 Foxtons blames massive profit plunge on 'political uncertainty'By Gaurav Sharma
Decline in house sales clobbers London-focused estate agent.



 'If I didn't get elected Foxconn would not be spending $10bn in the US', says Donald TrumpBy Dan Cancian
US President takes credit for Taiwanese giant's $10bn investment in Wisconsin.





 London's Walkie Talkie building sold to Hong Kong sauces firm for record £1.3bnBy Roger Baird
The skyscraper becomes the latest City trophy building to be snapped up by...



 Sky buoyed by 'excellent' full-year results despite fall in profitsBy Karthick Arvinth
Operating profits fall 6% to £1.47bn for the year ended 30 June.



IBTIMES TV



UK consumer confidence falls to lowest level in a year

UK businesses will face a skills cliff-edge if Theresa May gets her migration plan wrong

UK commercial property demand sinks to five-year low as Brexit concerns mount

UK car production falls for third straight month in June

MOST POPULAR


UK consumer confidence falls to lowest level in a year								


Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France deal								


Revealed: The cities Brexit will hit hardest								


R3's Richard Brown: IBM should adopt Corda								


'My next car will be electric,' says oil giant Shell's boss								


BLOGS AND FEATURES



Woman, 66, urged 14-year-old gardener to perform sex act 'bet' after plying him with alcoholBy William Watkinson

The woman pleaded guilty to encouraging a boy to engage in sexual activity of a non-penetrative...								
Woman, 66, urged 14-year-old gardener to perform sex act 'bet' after plying him with alcohol NowBy William Watkinson



Chinese man who murdered parents and 17 neighbours to cover up crimes sentenced to deathBy Priya Joshi

Yang Qingpei, 27, killed his parents in a row over money after accumulating debts.								
Chinese man who murdered parents and 17 neighbours to cover up crimes sentenced to death 17 minutes agoBy Priya Joshi



Stalker who drove ex-partner to suicide in six-month campaign of abusive jailed in legal firstBy William Watkinson

Former soldier Nicholas Allen admitted manslaughter after Justene Reece hanged herself in February...								
Stalker who drove ex-partner to suicide in six-month campaign of abusive jailed in legal first 51 minutes agoBy William Watkinson
Previous
1 of 
Next


  
     
       










Today's Stock Market News and Analysis - Nasdaq.com



































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home >
	Stock Market News




Today's Stock Market News & Analysis







    Facebook's 2017 Profitability Will Be Even Better Than Expected
    

By Motley Fool


    Investors were particularly encouraged by the company's outlook for expenses this year.
    






			3 ETFs to Keep You Invested After Retirement
			

By Motley Fool


        ETFs offer diversification, income, and growth at a low cost.
		




        Never Again: Big Oil Is Back And Practicing Caution
		

By Oilprice.com


        Oil majors are coming around to the idea that oil prices will remain depressed for the foreseeable future.
		




        3 Value Stocks for Wise Investors
		

By Motley Fool


        A look at 3 overlooked stocks.
		







Latest News Videos







Cramer's Exec Cut: CEOs tell Cramer... Cramer: Why I'm against ETFs        Cramer: What to do when stocks drop... Cramer: ETFs and single stock risk  




Latest News



INTERVIEW-Chile's Antofagasta 'very keen' to move forward on investment plans


7/28/2017 7:11:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Bitcoin Price Analysis: With August 1st Looming, Uncertainty is the Only Certainty


07/28/2017 6:57 PM - Bitcoin Magazine

Appears In: Bitcoin




Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation


7/28/2017 6:57:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Tobacco bond prices weaker after U.S. proposes cigarette nicotine cut


7/28/2017 6:51:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




Cypress Semiconductor Enjoys Broad-Based Growth


07/28/2017 6:49 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018


7/28/2017 6:48:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Senior Iraqi Kurd seeks to allay concerns on independence bid


7/28/2017 6:47:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered


7/28/2017 6:41:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Colombia government proposes $78.4 billion budget for 2018


7/28/2017 6:39:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




4 Jaw-Dropping Stats About Retirement


07/28/2017 6:30 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




Lower Earners Just Lost a Key Retirement-Savings Option


07/28/2017 6:18 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




Venezuelan opposition in final protest push ahead of Sunday vote


7/28/2017 6:18:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Brexit web tangled by spats over how to leave, Irish border


7/28/2017 6:17:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case


7/28/2017 6:17:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




3 Key Predictions for Apple's Q3 Earnings Report


07/28/2017 6:16 PM - Zacks.com

Appears In: Earnings




Morgan Stanley, RBC, others settle currency rigging lawsuit in U.S.


7/28/2017 6:13:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Trump replaces chief of staff Priebus with retired General Kelly


7/28/2017 6:12:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Can Menu Innovation Lead to a Chipotle Turnaround?


07/28/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool

Appears In: Stocks




U.S. Treasury's Mnuchin extends debt limit measure for two months


7/28/2017 6:03:00 PM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




US IPO Weekly Recap: Brokerage Redfin and biotech Sienna soar, RBB bancorp flat


07/28/2017 5:52 PM - Renaissance Capital

Appears In: IPOs





View More Headlines







Browse News by Category



ETFs


When It Comes to Smart Beta ETFs, There Is No Right or Wrong


Bond ETF Segment Has More Room to Grow


Formerly Dumped on Trump, Mexico ETF Now a Darling




More ETFs



Technology


Comcast-Backed Virtual Reality Startup AltspaceVR Shuts Down


How Facebook’s Move to Video Will Fundamentally Change Its Business


Apple Discontinues iPod Shuffle and Nano




More Technology




Commodities


Wheaton Precious Metals Shares Cross Above 200 DMA


EGO Stock Crowded With Sellers


Technology Sector Update for 07/28/2017: MOBL,ATEN,MSTR




More Commodities



Investing ideas


Busy Week Ahead, Will Dollar Hit Fresh Multiyear Lows?


VG Crosses Below Key Moving Average Level


PG&E Corp's 4.5% Redeemable 1st Preferred Crosses Above 4.5% Yield...




More Investing ideas













Market Intelligence



Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles



3D Printing is Quietly Thriving Without Mainstream Adoption

Trevir Nath


Nasdaq (NDAQ) 2nd Quarter Profit Surges More Than Twofold

Richard Saintvilus


An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations

Prableen Bajpai

















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Why Chevron's Earnings Weren't as Bad as They Looked
            






Featured Story from



















Latest Articles by Martin Tillier




                        Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets
Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com.



The Case for 2 Beleaguered Oilfield Service Stocks


                                    07/28/2017 9:04 AM
                                


Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter


                                    07/27/2017 11:06 AM
                                


Eli Lilly (LLY)'s Seemingly Illogical Reaction To Earnings Beat


                                    07/25/2017 10:28 AM
                                


Week Ahead: Earnings Highlights


                                    07/24/2017 10:15 AM
                                


Don't Count OPEC Out Yet


                                    07/21/2017 9:26 AM
                                




More Martin Tillier




























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Barclays Spinout Glendon Capital Management Plans $1bn Debut Fund  


    

International Business Times UK



EconomyCompaniesMarketsFinanceRegulation

Business
Companies
Barclays Spinout Glendon Capital Management Plans $1bn Debut Fund

By M Rochan
Updated








Logos are seen outside a branch of Barclays bank in London, in July, 2013 (Reuters).A new firm founded by former Barclays executives, Glendon Capital Management, is looking to raise about $1bn ahead of the launch of its first fund, according to media reports.Glendon, formed in April, is expected to roll out its $1bn (£610m, €735m) debut fund in the first half of 2014, reported peHUB.Glendon was formed by Matthew Barrett, the former head of distressed debt and special situations investing at Barclays, and by former managing directors Holly Kim and Brian Berman.The three worked at Barclays from 2006 to 2013, according to regulatory filings by Glendon. They all joined the British bank from Oaktree Capital Management.Glendon has about $2.8bn in assets under management, which includes some funds from Barclays and from other client accounts.Barclays allowed Glendon to raise capital from external investors and they are likely to invest in the new fund.Glendon is headquartered in California, US.Barclays hived the team off earlier in the year and continues to manage Barclays money. The team has generated around a 17% annual rate of return since 2007.Libor and Euribor Fix ScandalsBarclays and seven other banking giants were fined a combined total of €1.71bn by the European Commission (EC) for rigging the key benchmark interest rates Libor and Euribor.The EC said on 4 December that Libor and Euribor fixing was committed in two separate cartels.In the first, Barclays, Deutsche, Société Générale and RBS are accused of operating in a cartel between September 2005 and May 2008 in the Euro interest rate derivatives market.The second cartel involved Japanese yen interest rate derivatives. Those involved in this group were UBS, RBS, Deutsche, JPMorgan, Citigroup and RP Martin.Barclays avoided a €690m ($938m, £573m) fine for blowing the whistle on the cartel.Barclays Bankers JailedIn November, two Barclays bank employees were sentenced to five years imprisonment following their roles in £1.3 million worth of fraud on old age pensioners.Karl Edwards, 44 and Andrew Waters, 26 appeared at the Birmingham Crown Court following the fraudulent activities, they received five years each.The court heard that the bankers targeted three victims who were all over the age of 80.This article was first published on December 5, 2013
Related topics : Citigroup
California
London
Barclays
  
Share




More








Stay up to date with our daily newsletter

YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola






 
  IBT Video


Play

CloseSir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France deal  


Columnists

Inna Shevchenko“Religion has waged war on our vaginas, breasts and abdomens – it's time for this to end



READ MORE


Current US economic expansion cycle is the slowest on recordAmerican quarterly GDP meets expectations but compares unfavourably...


London's legal market will thrive after Brexit, says Baker McKenzie's Chairman EmeritusEduardo C. Leite tells IBTimes UK the British legal industry is in a...



 Sir Richard Branson gives up control of Virgin Atlantic amid Delta-Air France dealTycoon will pocket £220m from the sale of a 31% stake in the airline...


UK economy staring at 'prolonged moderation'Research suggests a broader array of indicators point to a prolonged...


Europe must supercharge its efforts to support cross-border fintechJevgenijs Kazanins, P2P Platform Lead at TWINO, looks at fintech in...


Brexit won't disrupt transatlantic air traffic, says Transport Secretary Chris GraylingGrayling says Britain will be ready to implement new agreements with...


PSD2: A leap of financial faith?Words from Christophe Vergne, Cards and Payment practice leader at...


R3's Richard Brown: IBM should adopt CordaRichard Gendal Brown, chief technology officer at R3, was previously...


UK businesses failing to make most out of customer data, study saysOnly a quarter of firms use customers' personal data for real-time...


British Airways owner IAG's profits surge despite IT meltdownIAG posts 37% increase in first half operating profit as IT glitch...



Fintech Focus weeklyKeep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news.
Straight to your inbox every Friday.
Sign up now








Win an iPhone 7
     
         









  




Glendon Capital Management LP - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Glendon Capital Management LP



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Advisors & Consultants Clients Holdings & Top Positions



Glendon Capital Management LP



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


1620 26th Street, Suite 2000 North, Santa Monica, CA 90404-4013




Employees (Worldwide)


19




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Glendon Capital Management (GCM) is an opportunistic investor that focuses on investments in distressed debt situations. The firm seeks to generate high absolute returns without taking excessive risk by investing in value oriented, event-driven strategies that allow them to purchase assets at a discount to their intrinsic value. They focus on credit and equity instruments in industries and asset classes that are experiencing varying levels of distress or dislocation.GCM's investment process combines fundamental industry and entity analysis with a deep understanding of complex transactions and processes including bankruptcies and restructurings. They anticipate that a majority of their investments are in secondary market instruments, although on an opportunistic basis, they may participate in primary issuances of debt or equity. GCM invests or takes a short position in the full range of financial instruments including: (1) investment grade corporate debt, high yield bonds, leveraged loans and distressed debt, (2) structured credit products, which may include commercial and residential mortgage securities, aircraft securitization and other asset-backed structured securities, (3) trade claims, (4) value oriented equities in companies and industries experiencing stress or dislocation, and (5) credit default swaps. Although they do not use direct leverage, their clients may be exposed to indirect leverage when GCM, on a limited basis, utilizes equity and bond short sales, credit and currency derivative products and various index products to hedge and or enhance their trading strategies.






 In The News
          See more




EuroWeek
January 10, 2014





                        Equity Capital Markets, News in Brief ""January 10, 2014                    





EuroWeek
January 10, 2014





                        Equity Capital Markets, News in Brief ""January 10, 2014                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Matthew S. Barrett

Founding Partner




David John Poulten

Chief Operating Officer





Michael Montgomery

Chief Compliance Officer




Eitan Jacob Simon Melamed

Limited Partner, Managing Director





Holly Kim

Limited Partner, Managing Director




Brian D. Berman

Limited Partner, Managing Director





Chris Sayer

Vice President & Portfolio Manager






 Paths to Glendon Capital Management LP



                        Glendon Capital Management LP                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Glendon Capital Management LP






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Glendon Capital Management LP.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Advisors & Consultants



Companies ▾




Prime Broker




Deutsche Bank AG


                                    Deutsche Bank AG engages in the provision of corporate banking and investment services. It operates through the following segments: Global Markets (GM); Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB); Private, Wealth, and Commercial Clients (PW&CC); Deutsche Asset Management (Deutsche AM); Postbank (PB); and Non-Core Operations Unit (NCOU). The GM segment includes the sales and trading related activities of the former Corporate Banking and Securities segment. The CIB segment comprises of  the combined corporate business components of the Corporate Banking and Securities and Global Transaction Banking businesses. The PW&CC segment covers German and International Private and Commercial Clients businesses. The Deutsche AM segment contains the asset management activities. The PB segment reflects the core components and non-core components of Postbank. The NCOU segment no longer contains the aforementioned non-core components related to Postbank. The company was founded by Adelbert Delbrueck on March 10, 1870 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.                                





 Clients



Companies ▾




Ohio Police & Fire Pension Fund


                                                                                     •  Columbus, OH                                                                            

                                        The Ohio Police & Fire Pension Fund employs an asset allocation strategy in which a risk parity approach adopted allows a portion of the portfolio to be conservatively leveraged. Their objective is to reduce the total expected risk of the portfolio without sacrificing the expected return. This approach balances the fund's exposure among investment classes that perform differently in various economic and market environments. The Ohio Police & Fire Pension invests in US equities, non-US equities, fixed-income, global inflation protected securities, high yield bonds, real estate, private markets and cash.
                                    





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Glendon Capital Management Lp















































🔍





Home


Magazines


Advertising


Events


Videos


Contact us


Special Reports









Friday, July 28, 2017



Glendon Capital Management Lp







Shipbuilding/Repair


Deepwater


Offshore


Coastal/Inland


Government


Equipment


Training


Law & Regulations












Euronav: USD 350m Capital Increase to Support Maersk VLCC Acquisition


On 5 January 2014, Euronav announced the acquisition of fifteen (15) Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCC) from Maersk Tankers Singapore Pte Ltd. for a total acquisition price of USD 980 million. Euronav follows that announcement by advising its intent to raise USD 50,000,000 by way of a capital increase under the authorized capital and that 5,473,571 new shares will be issued upon full payment of the subscription price, which is expected to be at or around 10 January 2014. The subscription… 



Rickmers Group and Oaktree Form  Strategic Partnership

Funds advised by Oaktree Capital Management, LP and the global shipping major Rickmers Group are joining forces to invest in eight plus eight eco designed newbuild container vessels. Oaktree Capital Management LP is a leading global investment management firm focused on alternative markets with US$81 billion assets under management (as at 30 September 2012). Rickmers will contribute its highly respected expertise in ship building, ship management and asset management. The strategic partnership between the two firms is expected to broaden over time. Shipping companies are increasingly  demanding modern and energy efficient tonnage to reduce their operational expenses and importantly…



Star Bulk Announces $51.5M Offering Common Stock


Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (the “Company” or “Star Bulk”) (Nasdaq: SBLK) today announced it plans to make an underwritten public offering for $51.5 million gross proceeds of its common stock. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., Caspian Capital LP and family members or entities owned and controlled by affiliates of the family of our Chief Executive Officer and founder, Mr. Pappas, have indicated… 



Northern Shipping Fund Closes above Target

Northern Fund Management America LLC (“Northern Shipping”), an alternative capital provider to the shipping and offshore oil service sectors, said that it has completed a final closing for Northern Shipping Fund III LP, with total investor commitments of $505 million. The fund is one of the largest dedicated to maritime credit. The oversubscribed maritime credit fund, managed by Northern Shipping, exceeded its initial target of $400 million. The fund received commitments from a diverse group of institutional investors including public and private pension plans and other institutions, as well as high net worth family offices and shipping executives.

 




















Northern Shipping Fund Closes above Target

Northern Fund Management America LLC (“Northern Shipping”), an alternative capital provider to the shipping and offshore oil service sectors, said that it has completed a final closing for Northern Shipping Fund III LP, with total investor commitments of $505 million. The fund is one of the largest dedicated to maritime credit. The oversubscribed maritime credit fund, managed by Northern Shipping, exceeded its initial target of $400 million. The fund received commitments from a diverse group of institutional investors including public and private pension plans and other institutions, as well as high net worth family offices and shipping executives.



New Dry Bulk Shipowning Firm Raises Funds

Nautical Bulk Holdings Limited, a newly formed Bermuda-based dry bulk shipping company, has raised in excess of $100 million of equity capital to fund the construction of eight ultramax, eco-friendly vessels under construction by Jiangsu Hantong Ship Heavy Industry, a leading Chinese shipyard. WL Ross & Co. / Fearnley Advisors AS, Solus Alternative Asset Management LP and the CONTI Group are providing the equity capital to launch the company. Nautical has entered into shipbuilding contracts for the construction of eight 64,000 DWT bulk carrier vessels, and has secured multiple fixed options for additional newbuildings. The first 8 ships will be delivered in 2015, with the first delivery date scheduled for January.



Star Bulk Carriers Raises $51.5mln


Star Bulk Carriers Corp announced the execution of agreements with affiliates of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and Senator Investment Group LP to sell Oaktree and Senator an aggregate of 6,310,272 of its common shares, at a purchase price of $8.154 per share. The private placement, which is scheduled to close by early February 2017, is expected to result in aggregate gross proceeds to Star Bulk of approximately $51.5 million. The Company has agreed to grant shelf registration rights to the investors for the resale of their common shares. 



Star Bulk Carriers Announces Private Placement


Star Bulk Carriers Corp. announced the closing of its previously announced private placement of 6,310,272 common shares, at a price of $8.154 per share. The aggregate proceeds to Star Bulk, net of underwriting fees and offering expenses, were approximately $50.6 million. Star Bulk intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliates and Senator Investment Group LP purchased 6,310,272 common shares in connection to this offering. 



M/T Apostolos Delivered                                                                             

Capital ProductPartners L.P. September 20, 2007. feedstock), and crude oil worldwide. time charter with Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. revenues when spot rates are higher than the base rate. the existing revolving credit facility. tankers that Capital Product Partners L.P. has agreed to purchase from Capital Maritime & Trading Corp.



Star Bulk Proposes $75 million Backstopped Equity Rights Offering

Star Bulk Carriers Corp. announced that its Board of Directors approved a backstopped equity rights offering, which will allow the company to raise equity capital through the sale of its commonshares. The proceeds are expected to be primarily used for orders for fuel-efficient dry bulk vessels with some of the proceeds being reserved for working capital and general corporate purposes. The company said it plans to raise gross proceeds of $75 million through a backstopped equity offering of 14,018,692 common shares only to holders of record of its common shares as of the close of business on May 15, 2013. In connection with this offering…



Harkand North America Salvaged by MBO

A team led by AJ Jain, Harkand North America Managing Director, has agreed to a management buyout (MBO) of Harkand’s North American and African business. The new company, to be named ETHOS OFFSHORE LIMITED, will continue to provide subsea engineering and construction services to Harkand’s existing US, Mexican and West African client base to market-leading standards. The new company, backed by investment funds advised and managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (“Oaktree”), is expected to have a contracted backlog of $145 million worth of projects. The move also could potentially safeguard more than 100 jobs across North America, Africa and Mexico.



Capital Product Partners Merger with Crude Carriers


CAPITAL PRODUCT PARTNERS L.P. ATHENS, GREECE, May 5, 2011 -Capital Product Partners L.P. (the "Partnership") (NASDAQ: CPLP), an international owner of modern double-hull tankers, today announces two important transactions, an increase in the investment of our Sponsor, Capital Maritime and Trading Corp. (“Capital Maritime”) in the Partnership and releases its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2011. The Partnership is pleased to announce that on May 5, 2011 it entered into a definitive agreement to merge with Crude Carriers Corp. in a unit for share transaction. 



Brunswick to Sell Fleet Management Segment of Technologies Unit                                     

Brunswick Corporation announced that it has reached a definitive agreement to sell Brunswick New Technologies' (BNT) fleet management business unit to Navman Wireless Holdings L.P. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed, and completion of the sale is subject to customary conditions. Navman Wireless Holdings was formed by Prairie Capital, a Chicago-based private equity firm, to acquire the business. The current members of BNT's executive team will continue to manage Navman Wireless. Previously, Brunswick had sold the marine electronics portion of BNT to Navico International Ltd., while the segment serving the personal navigation device market was purchased by MiTAC International Corporation. Brunswick began the process of selling BNT in April 2006.



Port of Houston Awards $12M Security Contract                                                       

The Port of Houston Authority (PHA) commission approved a recommendation to award a contract to TRC-ECON Capital, L.P. for security infrastructure enhancements. Under the estimated $12 million, three-year design/build contract, TRC-ECON is expected to prepare a security master plan and implement the design and construction of fences, closed-circuit television systems, facility access controls and other security enhancements. The commission also approved a recommendation to execute a memorandum of understanding (MOU) that will enable Global Environment & Technology Foundation (GETF) to help PHA develop and implement the first security management system (SMS) at a U.S. port.



Odfjell Finalizes LPG/Ethylene Joint Venture Deal


Following Odfjell SE’s May 16, 2014 announcement declaring the signing of a definitive agreement to form a LPG/E shipping joint venture, Odfjell today announced that the transaction with Breakwater Capital and Oak Hill Advisors, L.P. has been closed. In accordance with the joint venture agreement, Breakwater Capital and Oak Hill Advisors, L.P. (acting through certain of its funds and accounts) have jointly agreed to invest approximately $50 million as consideration for the 50% equity interest in Odfjell's LPG/Ethylene business. 



LNG-fuelled Ultra-Large Container Ships of the Future

Capital Ship Management Corporation is prioritizing a business strategy inspired by, and applying, the key principles and goals of the International Maritime Organization’s (IMO’s) Strategy for Sustainable Maritime Transport Systems. Capital is incorporating key 'imperatives' and 'goals', as defined by IMO in the company’s management systems across its operations. Capital has established a task force to implement specific actions, plans, processes and to develop systems addressing sustainability. Priority has been given to the promotion of a safety culture and environmental stewardship, as well as to the education, training and support of seafarers.



Seabulk Announces Agreement On $100M Equity Investment                                              

Seabulk International, Inc. announced the signing of a definitive agreement with DLJ Merchant Banking Partners III, L.P., a CSFB Private Equity fund, and affiliated entities, and Carlyle/Riverstone Global Energy and Power Fund I, L.P. for the private placement of 12.5 million shares of newly issued Seabulk common stock at a cash price of $8.00 per share. The $100 million investment would give the new investors approximately 51% of the pro forma, fully diluted common shares of the Company and majority representation on its Board of Directors. The investment is subject to shareholder approval, the refinancing of the Company's senior credit facility, certain regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary conditions.



Seabulk Holds Special Shareholder Meeting                                                           

Seabulk International, Inc. announced approval by its shareholders of the issuance of 12.5 million shares of common stock at $8.00 per share to a group of investors led by affiliates of DLJ Merchant Banking Partners III, L.P. and Carlyle/Riverstone Global Energy and Power Fund I, L.P. Proceeds from the transaction, totaling $100 million less applicable fees, will be used to pay down debt, provide working capital and for general corporate purposes. week. *  add a number of minority shareholder provisions. recapitalization of the company and paves the way for the completion of the transactions contemplated in our announcement of June 13," commented president and CEO Gerhard E. Kurz.



DSS Holdings Shipbuilding Contracts for 10 Vessels

DSS Holdings LP, the parent company of Diamond S Management LLC, announced subsidiaries of it have entered into shipbuilding contracts to purchase 10 ships. The contracts are with two prominent Korean shipyards for the construction of eight Suezmax tankers and two LR2 tankers. Delivery of the tankers is expected to occur in 2011 and 2012. DSS Holdings LP is a partnership formed in October 2007 between First Reserve Fund XII, L.P. and Craig Stevenson. The partnership was formed to create an energy focused shipping company.



Ports America Announces Refinancing

The Ports America Companies successfully refinanced the debt facilities of both Ports America, Inc. (PAI) and MTC Holdings, Inc. (MTC) into a single, unified capital structure. The refinancing consisted of a new five-year, $475-million senior secured credit facility, including $170 million of revolving credit and letter of credit facilities, and a new seven-year, $375-million Holdco financing. The senior facility was provided by a group of new and existing lenders and led by Royal Bank of Canada. The Holdco facility was provided by CPPIB Credit Investments Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), a global institutional investor with more than $190 billion of assets under management and a leading infrastructure and credit investor.



STX Europe Sells Shares in STX OSV Holdings Ltd.

STX Europe Holding AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of STX Europe AS (STX Europe), has agreed to sell part of its equity interests in STX OSV Holdings Limited (STX OSV) to investment funds affiliated with OZ Management LP (Och-Ziff). The placement of 215,590,000 ordinary shares by STX Europe will be at a price of S$1.33 per share. This amounts to approximately 18.27% of the total issued share capital of STX OSV. Following the sale, STX Europe will hold 598,851,000 shares in STX OSV equal to a majority shareholding of 50.75%. STX Europe underscored that the placement was made with the objective of improving the trading liquidity of STX OSV. As a result of placement, Och-Ziff's shareholding in STX OSV will increase to 20.0%.



Capital Product Partners L.P. Announces One Year Time Charter

Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) has  announced the chartering of the M/T Avax to BP Shipping. The M/T Avax (47,834 dwt, IMO II/III Chemical Product Tanker built 2007 Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, South Korea) was chartered in October 2013 to BP Shipping for a minimum charter term of one year (+/- 30 days). BP Shipping has the option to extend the charter for an additional 12 months at a gross day rate of $15,600 per day. The vessel had been under charter with Capital Maritime & Trading Corp., CPLP's sponsor, as of April 2013 for 12 months (+/- 30 days) at a gross daily charter rate of $14,750. The vessel's actual earnings under the new charter are $14…



India to Privatize Dredging Corporation


The government of India is looking to privatize staterun Dredging Corporation of India (DCI). "A proposal for disinvestment of Dredging Corporation of India Limited is under consideration of the Government of India," a government press release said quoting the Minister of State for Shipping and Road Transport and Highways Pon. Radhakrishnan. The proposal is aimed at upgrading technology, improving capability, infusing capital to buy necessary dredgers and equipments and instilling experienced professional management to optimize the operations of DCI. 

 











































Marine Green Technologies













Maritime Reporter and Engineering News’ first edition was published in New York City in 1883 and became our flagship publication in 1939. 
It is the world’s largest audited circulation magazine serving the global maritime industry, delivering more insightful editorial and news to more industry decision makers than any other source.
        
Subscribe





Maritime Reporter E-News is the subsea industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email three times per week
Subscribe for Maritime Reporter E-News














































The Gores Group


































LP Login


Search



Contact







Company


Overview
Investment Strategy
Our History



Case Studies

Portfolio



Divisions


Origination
Mergers & Acquisitions
Operations Team



Leadership
News




 

Previous
Next


AMI Entertainment


Gores acquires AMI Entertainment, digital jukebox and video systems creator that delivers music, video and advertising content to 30,000+ locationsin North America and Europe.
Learn More





Alpheus Sold


The Gores Group announces completion of definitive agreements to sell Alpheus Communicationsto LOGIX Communications.
Learn More





Fotona Sold


Gores announces it has entered into a definitiveagreement to sell Fotona to AGIC Capital.
Learn More





TurbineAero


Gores completes acquisition of TurbineAero,world’s leading independent aerospace auxiliary power unit maintenance, repair, and overhaulservice provider, from Triumph Group.
Learn More





Caption Colorado


VITAC, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap,has acquired Caption Colorado, creating the clear market leader in the captioning services industry.
Learn More





Hostess


Gores Holdings, Inc. Completes Acquisitionof Hostess Brands, LLC, Maker of Twinkies®.
Learn More





Hay Sold


Gores completes the sale of Hay Group,largest producer of high precision forged andmachined steel auto parts, to Musashi Seimitsu.
Learn More





Data Blue


Gores Small Cap Partners invests in Data Blue,a customized storage, backup, and servervirtualization and consolidation solutions provider.
Learn More





Etrali Sold


Sold: Etrali Trading Solutions to IPC Systems, a globalfinancial communications firm. In 2013, Goresacquired Etrali from Orange S.A. (formerly France Telecom) through its Gores Small Cap fund.
Learn More





VITAC


Gores acquires VITAC, a leading provider of high quality closed captioning and subtitling solutions.
Learn More





US Farathane – Boston Plastics


US Farathane Expands into Asia with acquisitionof Boston Plastics, a Shanghai headquartered manufacturer of plastic injected moldedcomponents and assemblies.
Learn More





Unify Sold


The Gores Group Completes Sale of UnifyGores and Siemens have completed the saleof Unify, the number three world leader ofintegrated communication solutions, to Atos SE
Learn More





US Farathane – Tepso


US Farathane acquires Tepso Plastics, a leading manufacturer of engineered plastic injectionmolded components for the automotive sector.
Learn More





Stock BMC Merger


Stock Building Supply (Nasdaq:STCK) completes merger with BMC to create the second largestlumber & building materials distributor in the US.
Learn More





Therakos Sold to Mallinckrodt


The Gores Group Completes Sale of Therakos
Leading Immunotherapy Company Achieved Significant Growth Following Carve-out fromFormer Division of Johnson & Johnson

Learn More





Stock Merger


Stock Building Supply (Nasdaq:STCK) announces merger with Building Materials Holding Corporation, creating a premier provider of lumber, diversified building products, and construction services.
Learn More





Tiburon


Sold: Tiburon to TriTech Software Systems, a leading public safety software provider based in San Diego.
Learn More





Glotel – Arete


Glotel, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap, acquires Arete, a leading wireless contractor specializing in the construction, modification and maintenance of telecommunications facilities.
Learn More





RGB Networks


Imagine Communications, a Gores portfolio company, acquires RGB, a leading provider of multiscreen IP video delivery and monetization solutions.
Learn More





US Farathane


Gores invests in US Farathane, a leading solutions partner to auto OEM’s providing highly engineered plastic injection-molded components.
Learn More





Origin Healthcare Solutions


Meridian Medical Management, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap, acquires Origin Healthcare Solutions, a premier provider of revenue cycle management for healthcare providers.
Learn More





OpenTV


Imagine Communications, a Gores portfoliocompany, acquires OpenTV’s AdvancedAdvertising Business Unit.

Learn More





Hay Greenfield


Hay completes new greenfield site in China, expanding into the largest automotivemarket worldwide.
Learn More





Scovill Fasteners


Gores sells Scovill Fasteners, leading manufacturerof apparel and specialty fasteners,to Morito Co. (TSE: 9837).
Learn More





Sage


Gores sells Sage Automotive Interiors, leading fabric supplier for auto, to Clearlake Capital.
Learn More





Hay Group


The Hay Group expands its footprint with the acquisition of Metaco Union and Forjanor,bolstering its position as a leading automotivesupplier of forged and machined parts.
Learn More





Hovis


Gores and Premier Foods plc (PFD.L) have completed a joint venture transaction in relation to Hovis, Premier Foods’ bread business. As part of the transaction, Gores acquired a 51% stake in Hovis.
Learn More





Tweddle Group


Gores invests in the Tweddle Group, partnering with Andy Tweddle, the CEO and owner, and the management team. Tweddle is a leading provider of comprehensive technology and publishing related services to automotive OEMs and their suppliers.
Learn More





Norment Security Group


Sold: Norment Security Group to Cornerstone Detention Products, a full service detention equipment contractor based in Alabama.
Learn More





Imagine GatesAir


Harris Broadcast is now two separate market leaders in the broadcast communications space:Imagine Communications and GatesAir
Learn More





Fotona


Gores Small Cap and Technology4Medicine, LLC acquire Fotona d.d., a Ljubljana, Slovenia-based manufacturer of high performance lasers used by medical and dental professionals worldwide.
Learn More





Melle


Gores Small Cap acquires Melle Dachbaustoffe and SIG Deutsche Dachbaustoffe (together, “Melle”), a carve-out from SIG plc, a U.K. based global building materials distributor.
Learn More





Zmags Corporation


In January 2014, Gores acquired Zmags Corporationthrough its Gores Small Capitalization Partnersinvestment fund. Zmags is a leadingglobal provider of digital publishing andeCommerce SaaS solutions.
Learn More





Stock Building Supply M&A Award Winner


Gores wins M&A Deal of the Year award for the acquisition of Stock Building Supply.
Learn More





Imagine Communications


Harris Broadcast signs definitive agreement to acquire Imagine Communications, a leading innovator in digital video solutions.
Learn More





Enterasys


Sold: Enterasys, a subsidiary of Unify (formerly Siemens Enterprise Communications), to Extreme Networks (Nasdaq: EXTR).
Learn More





Alliance Entertainment


Sold: Alliance Entertainment, the largest wholesale distributor of CD, DVD and Blu-Ray titles in the U.S., to Super D, a global music wholesaler.
Learn More





Stock Building Supply IPO


Stock Building Supply (STCK) rings the opening bell on NASDAQ following its IPO in August 2013.
Learn More





Millennium1 Solutions


In May 2013, Gores carved-out three separate business outsourcing units from D+H and formed Millennium1 Solutions as a standalone entity.
Learn More





Etrali Trading Solutions


In May 2013, Gores acquired Etrali Trading Solutions, a leading provider of voice and electronic trading infrastructure and services for the financial trading communities.
Learn More





Meridian Medical Management


In March 2013, Gores acquired Meridian Medical Management, a carve-out from GE Healthcare.
Learn More





Harris Broadcasting


In February 2013, Gores acquired Harris Broadcast Communications, a global supplier of hardware and software used to create, manage, transmit, distribute and monetize video content.
Learn More





Therakos


In December 2012, Gores acquired Therakos, a global leader in advanced technologies for extracorporeal photopheresis.
Learn More





United Road


Despite a challenging environment that saw new car volumes decrease by over 40%, United Road significantly outperformed its peers and grew EBITDA by 25%. In December 2012, Gores successfully sold United Road.
Learn More





Elo Touch Solutions


In June 2012, Gores acquired ELO Touch Solutions, a global supplier of touch screens, touch monitors, and all-in-one touch computers.
Learn More





The Hay Group


In February 2012, Gores acquired The Hay Group, a leading European manufacturer of forged and machined components to the international automotive and commercial vehicle space.
Learn More









About Us




Gores Overview
 The Gores Group is a Los Angeles based, global private equity firm specializing in acquiring and partnering with mature and growing businesses. Over the last 30 years, the firm has consistently created value in situations characterized by complexity and operational challenges.



Origination Opportunities




Seeking Add-on Acquisitions
 We are actively seeking strategic add-on opportunities that complement our existing investments. Click here to view a list of current target companies.








Creating Value







Case Studies
See how we create value, the Gores way.
Learn More






Portfolio







Our Family of Businesses
The select group of Gores portfolio companies.
Learn More






Our Team







Meet the Team
Our experienced and deep bench of talent.
Learn More






Specialties







Business Divisions
Our unique approach to solving unique challenges.
Learn More








 
 






Contact The Gores Group

Los Angeles
T. 310.209.3010F. 310.209.3310
9800 Wilshire Blvd
Beverly Hills, California 90212
USA
Directions From LAX Airport
Directions From Burbank Airport


Boulder
T. 303.531.3100F. 303.531.3200
6260 Lookout Road
Boulder, Colorado 80301
USA
Directions From Denver Int. Airport


London
T. 44(0) 870.060.1190F. 44(0) 870.060.1191
Nova South
9th Floor
160 Victoria Street
London, SW1E 5LB
United Kingdom

Directions From Heathrow Int. Airport

More Information



Legal | Site Map









                	The Gores Group, LLC. All rights reserved 2017.
                









News on Glendon Capital Management LP


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Glendon Capital Management LP                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Glendon Capital Management LP











Glendon Capital Management LP disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it reduced its stake in CF Industries Holdings, Inc.


                                May 17, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Glendon Capital Management LP disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it reduced its stake in Atlantica Yield Plc


                                May 17, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Glendon Capital Management LP disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it reduced its stake in NMI Holdings, Inc.


                                May 17, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Equity Capital Markets, News in Brief ""January 10, 2014


                                January 10, 2014                                 • 
                                EuroWeek                            


                                  ... â,¬2.989 and â,¬10.58 over 2013. External institutional investors including BHR Capital, Glendon Capital Management, GoldenTree Asset Management, Solus Alternative Asset Management and certain funds managed ...
                                









Equity Capital Markets, News in Brief ""January 10, 2014


                                January 10, 2014                                 • 
                                EuroWeek                            


                                  ... â,¬2.989 and â,¬10.58 over 2013. External institutional investors including BHR Capital, Glendon Capital Management, GoldenTree Asset Management, Solus Alternative Asset Management and certain funds managed ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Glendon Capital Management LP







Hedge Funds







Board and Executive Moves in Hedge Funds







Alumni of Glendon Capital Management LP

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













