




Global One Real Estate Fund II, L.P. - Residential- Gerstein  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Global One Real Estate Fund II, L.P.

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Staffordshire Prof. Center D 1307 White Horse Road 
    Voorhees, NJ, 08043Phone: 856-770-0350 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


$20,200,000


$20,200,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Michael Gerstein 
 Executive 


 Gp, Llc Global One Investment Fund Ii 
 Executive 


 Robert Nelson 
 Executive 













Products | UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL








































UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL
Building Partnership, Cultivating Value




















  Welcome

 
  History

 
About UOB



 
  Management

 
  Approach

 
  Capabilities

 
  Products

 
  Relationships

 
  Commentary

 
  Contact us

 
New York Office

 
Paris Office

 
Singapore Office






 

 














Products 

PRIVATE EQUITY
Direct
ASEAN China – The ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. had its final close in 2005.  The Fund focuses its operations in the ASEAN-China Growth Corridor, comprising the 10 member-states of ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China.  The Fund targets privately negotiated equity and equity related investments in small and medium sized companies, particularly those that can benefit from the rapidly expanding trade and investment ties between ASEAN and China and their respective extra-regional trading partners.  A follow-on fund, the ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. II had its final close in 2010.  This fund will be substantially investing in the same geographies as Fund I.
Fund of Funds
Europe– The Hermes UOB European Private Equity Fund had its final close in 2000. The Fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of European private equity funds.
Pan Asian– The UOB Portfolio Advisors Pan Asia Select Fund I, II and III had their respective final closings in 2007, 2009 and 2012.  The Funds invest in private equity funds in the Asia Pacific Region. The Funds invest in buyouts, special situations, growth capital and selectively in venture, secondary and co-investment opportunities in Greater China, Singapore, ASEAN, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand.
REAL ESTATE
The HUH U.S. Real Estate Income Fund raised US$300 million for investment in US core plus assets.  The Fund assembeled a portfolio of assets that provides stable, distributable current income over the life of the fund. Additional returns may be generated through improving NOI and disposing of assets with cap rate compression. The strategy employs moderate leverage of not more than 50% and  is targeted to produce Net Investor IRR of 7-10%.The Fund’s investment strategy is to acquire inefficiently priced, well located and well leased properties in the United States, with primary focus on the Eastern US. Long term leases and a focus on credit tenants will produce stable cash from the operations. The Funds portfolio consists of  about 80% Grocery Anchored Retail and 20% Industrial assets.
UOB Eagle Rock Multi-Family Property Fund L.P. is a Delaware Limited Partnership. The Fund raised about US$ 136  million which was deployed in a portfolio of stable, income producing multifamily apartment communities in generating  current income for regular distribution, targeting stable and robust equity returns of  13- 18% net IRR.The Fund’s emphasis will is  on markets in the Northeastern corridor in the United States between Washington D.C., to the South, and Boston, Massachusetts, to the North. This is a specialized area of real estate requiring both the ability to identify and acquire on advantageous terms select properties but also to operate these properties. The key is to ensure maximum occupancy, control costs and capital maintenance and increase rentals over time. This approach provides reliable yields, with regular tax effective distributions and over time, capital appreciation.
LISTED EQUITY                    
Asia-Pacific– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian-Pacific emerging & developed markets.
Asia ex Japan– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Asian Small Cap– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital growth by investing primarily in small capitalization stocks and stock-related securities issued by corporations in the Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Greater China– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in securities that have businesses in Hong Kong, China and Taiwan. The main markets invested are the Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Taiwan Stock Exchanges.
Japan– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in companies with assets in, or revenue derived from Japan.
U.S All Cap– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing primarily in US equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
Global Equities– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing global equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
FIXED INCOME
Asian Fixed Income – This strategy seeks to provide stable current income and capital appreciation by investing in debt securities issued by Asian corportations, financial institutions, governments and their agencies (including money market instruments).
Renminbi Bond Fund – This strategy seeks to generate fixed income returns and benefit from the potential appreciation of the Renminbi over the medium term by investing primarily in Renminbi denominated debt securities issued or distributed outside mainland China.  The issuers of such securities include, but are not limited to, governments, quasi-government bodies, international and multinational organizations, banks and financial institutions and corporations.
Emerging Market Debt – This strategy seeks to maximize returns with high yield and capital appreciation over the longer term in emerging markets debt investments and products.
HEDGE FUNDS
Hedge funds marketed by UOBGC affiliates include a series of single strategy long/short funds including a large/mid cap fund and a focused portfolio fund.  In addition, a short duration credit opportunities fund and a multi-strategy fund are available.
IRISH UCITS PLATFORM
UOBGC, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, UOB Global Capital (Dublin) Ltd manages an Irish based Family of Funds.    The UOB Global Strategies Funds PLC is an open ended umbrella type investment company with variable capital incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Ireland. Within this UCITS structure there are funds focused on Greater China Equities, U.S. Equities, US All Cap stocks and Global Equities and Renminbi Bonds.  These funds are available to non-U.S. institutional investors and are registered in various jurisdictions including Switzerland, Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands and the U.K.
More information for non-U.S. residents can be found at www.uobglobalfunds.com
For Swiss and German investors more information can be found at www.fundinfo.com

 
 
 












 


 



Website Search

 



 
 






 



  



 



Contact Us

 


New York: 
212 398.6633



Paris:
331 5364 8400



Singapore:
65 6539.2805






 

 









welcome | history | about uob | management | approach | capabilities | products | relationships | contact us | terms & conditions | site map
 
 © 2017 UOB Global Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.Website by d'Art Inc. - Web Development & Consulting




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:00 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector which includes real estate investment trusts, and other real estate industry companies, such as real estate operating companies. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis by focusing on factors such as magnitude and growth of cash flow streams, supply and demand for property types in local markets, replacement v...
AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector which includes real estate investment trusts, and other real estate industry companies, such as real estate operating companies. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis by focusing on factors such as magnitude and growth of cash flow streams, supply and demand for property types in local markets, replacement value of properties, future development opportunities, and capital structures of real estate companies to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index (net), FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index, and FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index (net). It was formerly known as AllianceBernstein Global Real Estate Investment Fund, Inc. AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund was formed on September 30, 1996 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1996



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Value/Global_Real_Estate_Investme







Key Executives for AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund




Mr. Robert M. Keith


      	Head of Institutional & Retail Client Svcs, Sales, & Mktg, Executive MD & SVP
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Joseph J. Mantineo


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Funds
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Philip L. Kirstein


      	Senior Vice President and Independent Compliance Officer
      


Age: 71
        







Ms. Emilie D. Wrapp


      	Secretary
      


Age: 61
        







Ms. Phyllis J. Clarke


      	Controller
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund, please visit www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Value/Global_Real_Estate_Investme.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Platform/Portfolio Real Estate Investing | Westport Capital Partners












































 




Westport Capital Partners


 
 










 
 



Home
About Us

Our Clients
Our Firm
Our Team


Our Philosophy
Investment Strategies

Opportunistic & Distressed Real Estate Investing
Special Core Plus Real Estate Investing
Platform/Portfolio Real Estate Investing
Tactical Real Estate Securities Investing


News
Contact
Investor Login







Home
About Us

Our Clients
Our Firm
Our Team


Our Philosophy
Investment Strategies

Opportunistic & Distressed Real Estate Investing
Special Core Plus Real Estate Investing
Platform/Portfolio Real Estate Investing
Tactical Real Estate Securities Investing


News
Contact
Investor Login


 
 









Platform/Portfolio Real Estate Investing
 

Westport periodically identifies “platform” investment opportunities in specific investment verticals or operating companies capable of generating value for investors as a standalone investment. Our current cold storage platform strategy is a representative example.
Cold Storage, Transportation and Logistics
One example of platform investing is in the rapidly evolving frozen food industry — specifically focusing on the sophisticated supply chain infrastructure frozen food producers increasingly require to get their products to market on a just-in-time basis. Westport’s platform investment strategy is designed to provide fully integrated cold storage logistics services to premier multinational frozen food producers across the $233 billion global frozen food market.
The Westport platform investment operating company currently operates four facilities and is evaluating approximately $1.1 billion in new projects — all designed to serve the needs of industry leading frozen food producers who desire high quality, automated, reliable and economical storage/handling solutions. This platform combines development expertise, proprietary automation, innovative management systems and track record of operational excellence to create a clear competitive advantage in expanding an industry standard-setting business model to new markets.
Westport Advantages in Cold Chain Investments
Westport’s strategic investment in cold chain management capitalizes on cutting-edge proprietary warehouse management technology to uniquely enhance the global transition to outsource frozen food logistics. The platform’s proven operating team includes industry-leading customer relationship management professionals who oversee quick-to-market development projects based on a business model that applies across geographies, interest rate environments and economic cycles. Westport further draws on significant financing resources and multiple exit alternatives to drive venture value creation.
The description of Westport’s investment process contained herein is intended to be representative, but the investment process may be changed from time to time by Westport, and Westport may not perform certain steps, or may perform additional steps, in its discretion.


 
 
 

 Westport’s strong partnership orientation enables our team to uncover, develop and actively manage unique real estate-driven business partnerships and platform investment opportunities in large-scale high growth global markets.
— Peter Aronson
Principal




 
 


	
© 2017 WESTPORT CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC            Privacy Policy & Terms of Use |     Disclaimer | Contact  
 



Amy Balogh – Operations Administrator
Prior to joining Westport in 2017, Ms. Balogh was an Office Manager with G3 Architecture Interiors Planning.  Ms. Balogh holds a B.A. in Psychology from Franklin Pierce College.


			×            





James Starr – Investor Relations
Prior to joining Westport in 2017, Mr. Starr worked for Great Oak Advisors, LLC, where he was responsible for all aspects of marketing fund managers to potential investors, including presentation of investment strategies, guiding due diligence and closing fund commitments.  Mr. Starr also served as Director of Business Development for Perennial Capital.  Mr. Starr holds a B.S./B.A. in Economics and Political Science from the University of Richmond, Robins School of Business.


			×            





Harry Ramnath – Technology Specialist
Prior to joining Westport, Mr. Ramnath was a Technical/Network Support Analyst with ITOCHU Chemicals America Inc. where he provided support for five office locations, home users and traveling sales managers.  He has a B.B.A. in Management Information Systems from Marshall University.


			×            





Hy Adelman – Investor Relations
Mr. Adelman has over 19 years of experience in the marketing and development of hospitality, resort, agricultural, golf, and ranch properties. Prior to joining Westport, Mr. Adelman was the Project Director of Kuilima Resort Co. where he oversaw the redevelopment and renovation of Turtle Bay Resort. Before joining Kuilima Resort Co. Mr. Adelman spent 12 years in marketing for Xerox Corporation. Mr. Adelman graduated with a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Maine.


			×            





Trish Murphy – Administrative Specialist
Before joining Westport in 2006, Mrs. Murphy worked for Oaktree as an Administrative Assistant. Mrs. Murphy holds a B.A. degree in Political Science from California State University, Fullerton.


			×            





Lizette Cervantes – Accounts Payable Specialist
Prior to joining Westport in 2016, Ms. Cervantes managed various treasury functions for The Trayner Group, Ltd. Ms. Cervantes holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from John Jay College.


			×            





Joy Bondoc – Investment Accountant
Prior to joining Westport in 2016, Ms. Bondoc was a Staff Auditor with Armanino LLP. Ms. Bondoc holds a Masters of Accounting and a B.S. in Accounting, both from University of the Pacific.


			×            





Kinga Czwartosz – Assistant Vice President
Prior to joining Westport in 2012, Ms. Czwartosz was a Property Accountant with Urstadt Biddle Properties. Ms. Czwartosz holds a Bachelor of General Studies degree from the University of Connecticut. She is a Certified Public Accountant.


			×            





Michael Musante – Vice President
Before joining Westport in 2010, Mr. Musante worked as a real estate fund accountant at Lazard Alternative Investments LLC. Mr. Musante holds a B.S. in Accounting from Fordham University.


			×            





Ryan Payne – Investment Accountant
Prior to joining Westport in 2017, Mr. Payne worked as an Audit Associate with Deloitte LLP.  Mr. Payne has a BBA in Accounting and Business Administration from Western State Colorado University and a Masters of Accountancy from College of William and Mary.


			×            





Jennifer Albero – Vice President, Fund Controller
Prior to joining Westport in 2013, Ms. Albero held prior positions as Controller with Meadow Partners and Latus Partners (currently known as 40 North Properties), where she led the design and implementation of accounting policies and procedures, accounting systems and investor reporting systems. Prior to Latus Partners, Ms. Albero held Controller positions at Stockbridge Real Estate Funds (formerly a division of UBS) and Starwood Capital Group, where she was responsible for finance, control and investor reporting. Ms. Albero holds a B.S. in Accounting from Virginia Tech.


			×            





Sang Kim – Senior Vice President, Fund Controller
Before joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Kim was a Supervising Senior in the accounting firm of Rothstein, Kass & Company, P.C., where he led the external audit engagements for a number of domestic and offshore hedge funds. Prior to joining Rothstein, Kass in 2002, Mr. Kim worked as a Senior Investment Accountant at Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., a Los Angeles based private equity fund manager, for three and a half years. Mr. Kim holds a B.A. in Economics from UCLA. He is a Certified Public Accountant.


			×            





Bruce Nuzie – Principal
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Nuzie was a Senior Vice President in the real estate group at Oaktree Capital Management, where he was principally responsible for overseeing the group’s property accounting and administration efforts. Before joining Oaktree in 1995, Mr. Nuzie was with Win Properties, Inc. for nine years, where he was responsible for accounting and reporting with respect to a national real estate portfolio. Before joining Win Properties, Mr. Nuzie was a Senior Manager in the audit department of Ernst and Young in New York for seven years. Mr. Nuzie holds a B.A. in Accounting, cum laude, from the City University of New York at Queens College. He is a Certified Public Accountant.


			×            





Steven Russell – Principal and Chief Administrative Officer
Prior to joining Westport in 2005, Mr. Russell spent seven years as the Global Chief Information Officer for Christie’s International where he had responsibility for all aspects of information technology across Christie’s operations in 35 countries. Mr. Russell was responsible for planning and executing an IT strategy in support of maintaining Christie’s prominence as the world’s largest and most prestigious auction house. Prior to joining Christie’s, Mr. Russell was the Vice President of Information Services with the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers (ASCAP) where he was responsible for information technology with particular emphasis on executing a strategy in support of a corporate re-engineering effort. Prior to ASCAP, Mr. Russell was with Bankers Trust Company, managing the design, development, and maintenance of a variety of systems which provided cash management services to the bank’s corporate customers. Mr. Russell received a B.S. in Computing and Information Science and an M.S. in Information Science, both from Lehigh University.


			×            





Sophie Melniker, Esq. – Asst. Vice President, Compliance & Legal Officer
Before joining Westport in 2012, Ms. Melniker was an associate at the law firm of Dewey & LeBoeuf, LLP for two and a half years, where she represented fund sponsors, investment advisers and institutional investors in a variety of real estate funds and private equity funds. Ms. Melniker holds a B.A. in Economics from Yale University and a J.D. magna cum laude from the University of Miami School of Law. Ms. Melniker is admitted to the New York State Bar.


			×            





Marian V. Curtis, Esq. – Senior Vice President, Legal
Before joining Westport in 2011, Ms. Curtis was an associate at the law firm of Goodwin Procter, LLP for over four and a half years, where she represented domestic and foreign investors, fund sponsors, institutional investment advisors and investment banks in a variety of real estate transactions. Prior to Goodwin Procter, Ms. Curtis was an associate at the law firm of Herrick Feinstein, LLP for two years. Ms. Curtis holds a B.A. in Sociology magna cum laude from Bowdoin College and a J.D. cum laude from Brooklyn Law School. Ms. Curtis is admitted to the New York State Bar. 


			×            





Marc Porosoff, Esq. – Principal and General Counsel
Before joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Porosoff was a Senior Vice President, Legal in the real estate group at Oaktree Capital Management LLC. At Oaktree, Mr. Porosoff was primarily responsible for legal aspects of the due diligence, acquisition, management, financing and disposition of the real estate group’s domestic and international property and debt investments. Prior to joining Oaktree in 1996, Mr. Porosoff was an associate at the law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton for five years, specializing in real estate and corporate matters. He holds a B.A. in Economics from Wesleyan University and a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School. Mr. Porosoff is admitted to the New York State Bar and is registered as Authorized House Counsel in Connecticut.


			×            





Erin Kerr – Investor Relations
Ms. Kerr joined Westport in 2016 after spending four years at Tishman Speyer, where she was a Senior Director working on equity capital raising campaigns for funds and direct investment joint ventures. Prior to Tishman Speyer, Ms. Kerr was a Director at Eurohypo AG. Ms. Kerr has also worked at The Bank of New York and the Citigroup Private Bank. Ms. Kerr holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Rochester.


			×            





Reggie Kronstadt – Analyst
Mr. Kronstadt joined Westport in 2016 after graduating from Emory University with a Bachelor of Business Administration with concentrations in Finance and Real Estate.


			×            





Mathieu Durand – Analyst
Mr. Durand joined Westport in 2016 after graduating from Claremont McKenna College with a Masters in Finance. He also has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Waseda University.


			×            





Justin Reindel – Analyst
Mr. Reindel joined Westport in 2015 after graduating from Amherst College with a B.A. in Economics.


			×            





Kevin McTavish – Director, Westport Capital Partners (UK) LLP
Prior to joining Westport Capital Partners (UK) LLP in 2016, Mr. McTavish spent twelve years as the Managing Partner of Summit Capital, LLC, where he acquired and managed distressed and value-added real estate assets. Prior to joining Summit, Mr. McTavish was a Principal and the Chief Operating Officer of Colony Capital, LLC. Prior to Colony, Mr. McTavish was an Acquisitions and Portfolio Manager at Brazos Asset Management, which was later renamed Lone Star Opportunity Fund. Mr. McTavish also served in the United States Navy for seven years. Mr. McTavish holds a B.S. from the United States Naval Academy and an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania – Wharton School of Business.


			×            





Stephen Woodard – Vice President
Prior to joining Westport in 2011, Mr. Woodard was a Vice President in the Commercial Real Estate Department at CIT Group, Inc., where he guided acquisitions, joint-venture investments, and dispositions. Prior to CIT, Mr. Woodard was an Acquisitions Associate at Lexington Realty Trust. Mr. Woodard holds a B.A. in Economics from Union College and an M.P.S. in Real Estate Finance and Investment from Cornell University.


			×            





Allison Chester – Vice President
Prior to joining Westport in 2010, Ms. Chester was a Senior Associate at Reynolds Capital Group, where her responsibilities included underwriting real estate investments. Prior to Reynolds Capital, Ms. Chester was an analyst in Morgan Stanley’s real estate merchant banking group and an analyst in the natural resources group at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Ms. Chester holds a B.S. in Finance and International Business cum laude from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University.


			×            





Noam Sheps – Senior Vice President
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Sheps was an Analyst at Racebrook Capital, LLC, a Warburg Pincus portfolio company focused on distressed real estate and non-performing real estate loans. At Racebrook, he was responsible for investment analysis, asset management and business development functions. Prior to Racebrook, Mr. Sheps was a Senior Analyst at Shattuck Hammond Partners LLC, a healthcare investment bank. Mr. Sheps earned a B.S. in Finance and B.A. in Economics, with honors, from Rutgers University.


			×            





Chad Goodman – Senior Vice President
Prior to joining Westport in 2008, Mr. Goodman was an Associate Director in the Mortgage Sales Department at Bear Stearns, providing trading and investment ideas on mortgage and asset-backed products to a diverse account base that included hedge funds, money managers, insurance companies and proprietary trading desks. Other experience at Bear Stearns included positions in the Financial Analytics and Structured Transactions group providing analytic support and modeling RMBS/ABS securitizations, and the Internal Audit Department specializing in assessing the risks and controls of the Firm’s trading applications and other information technology. Prior to Bear Stearns, Mr. Goodman worked in the Technology Risk Consulting group at Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Goodman earned a B.S. in Computer Science from Binghamton University.


			×            





Eric Clapp – Managing Director
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Clapp spent seven years working in investment banking and real estate finance in New York, Los Angeles and Sydney, Australia. In investment banking, Mr. Clapp focused on the energy and power industries and mergers and acquisitions for Salomon Smith Barney and Bank of America Securities. Mr. Clapp graduated with a B.S. in Commerce with a concentration in Finance from the University of Virginia’s McIntire School of Commerce. He went on to earn an M.B.A. and Master of Real Estate Development (M.R.E.D.) from the University of Southern California.


			×            





Jordan Socaransky – Principal and Portfolio Manager
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Socaransky spent four years as an associate in the real estate group at Oaktree. His experience includes the acquisition, management and disposition of both property and debt investments. Prior to Oaktree, Mr. Socaransky was an Analyst in Salomon Smith Barney’s Global Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking Group for two years, specializing in mergers, acquisitions and capital raising. Mr. Socaransky holds an Honors Business Administration Degree from the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario, Canada.


			×            





W. Gregory Geiger – Principal and Portfolio Manager
Before joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Geiger was a Managing Director at Oaktree Capital Management and one of the real estate group’s senior professionals. He was principally responsible for making property investments, including several large development and entitlement projects that required complex negotiations with private and governmental agencies to achieve successful outcomes. He also has worked on numerous debt restructurings that have required resolving bankruptcy and other litigation issues. Mr. Geiger joined Oaktree in 1995 after serving as a Vice President in the TCW Special Credits real estate group. Prior to joining TCW, Mr. Geiger spent two years with the national real estate consulting and brokerage firm of Julien J. Studley, Inc. and six years with Langdon Rieder Corporation, a Los Angeles-based consulting firm, where he represented corporate clients in the acquisition of office and industrial facilities. Mr. Geiger holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University and an M.B.A. in Real Estate Finance from the Anderson School of Management at UCLA. Mr. Geiger is a licensed Professional Engineer and an instrument rated pilot.


			×            





Howard Fife – Principal
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Fife was with the institutional high yield and distressed debt department at Jefferies & Co. — where he worked with some of the largest hedge funds, providing trading and investment ideas. From 1994 to 2000, he worked at Lazard, Freres & Co. in their distressed debt sales and trading group, becoming a Director and Sales Manager. In 2002, Mr. Fife was part of the team that successfully launched the Lazard Debt Recovery Fund, a vehicle that focused on investments in distressed corporate debt. From 1985 to 1994, he worked as an institutional bond salesman for Prudential Securities and DLJ, focusing on distressed and corporate debt. At Westport, Mr. Fife continues to draw on Wall Street contacts and the broader investment community to generate investment ideas. Mr. Fife holds an M.B.A. from the Stern School of Finance at New York University and a B.A. from Brown University.


			×            





Peter Aronson – Principal
Before joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Aronson was a Managing Director at Oaktree Capital Management’s Japanese and German affiliates. Mr. Aronson joined Oaktree in 1998 and helped lead Oaktree’s real estate efforts in Japan and Germany. Mr. Aronson also helped open Oaktree’s Tokyo office in 1998, where he worked until 2004 when he moved to Oaktree’s Frankfurt office. In both locations, Mr. Aronson was responsible for leading the sourcing, underwriting, acquisition, management and disposition of both distressed debt and property investments. He has extensive experience dealing with multiple cultures, legal regimes and foreign business practices. Prior to joining Oaktree, Mr. Aronson was an associate for five years at the law firm of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP, where his practice focused on general real estate transactions. Mr. Aronson received a B.A. degree magna cum laude from The American University and a J.D. cum laude from Georgetown University Law Center. He is a member of the State Bar of California.


			×            





Sean Armstrong – Principal and Portfolio Manager
Prior to joining Westport in 2006, Mr. Armstrong was a Managing Director at Oaktree Capital Management and one of the real estate group’s senior professionals. His responsibilities included the acquisition and management of numerous property and debt investments, and he participated in several complex asset-level and company-level debt restructurings. Mr. Armstrong also spearheaded Oaktree’s real estate investments in Japan and Europe. Prior to joining Oaktree in 1995, Mr. Armstrong was a Vice President in the TCW Special Credits real estate group. Before joining the real estate group, Mr. Armstrong worked for two years as a credit analyst in TCW’s high yield bond group, where he developed and applied very strong credit analysis skills, in many investment opportunities for the TCW and Oaktree real estate funds. Mr. Armstrong was formerly a director of Lodgian, Inc., a Delaware corporation listed on the American Stock Exchange. Mr. Armstrong graduated with a B.S. in Biomedical Engineering magna cum laude from the University of Southern California, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He went on to earn an M.B.A. in Finance magna cum laude, also from the University of Southern California. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst.


			×            





Russel S. Bernard – Managing Principal
Prior to founding Westport Capital Partners LLC in 2005, Mr. Bernard was a Principal at Oaktree and the Portfolio Manager for Oaktree’s real estate funds. He was responsible for the management of a series of closed-end real estate funds with over $2 billion in total committed capital. Before joining Oaktree in 1995, Mr. Bernard was a Managing Director at TCW and Portfolio Manager of the TCW Special Credits Distressed Mortgage Fund. Prior to that, he was a partner at Win Properties, Inc., a national real estate investment company for eight years. Before joining Win Properties, Mr. Bernard was with Time Equities, Inc., a New York real estate company for three years. He began his career as a Staff Accountant at Price Waterhouse in New York. Mr. Bernard has been on several corporate, university and charity boards. Mr. Bernard holds a B.S. in Business Management and Marketing from Cornell University.


			×            





















Funds - Starwood Capital


















Funds - Starwood Capital











































The Atlantic, AtlantaOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest








Facts At A Glance




Number ofOpportunisticReal Estate FundsLaunched





Size of Firm'sLargest Fund(SOF X)










UPB Value ofNon-PerformingLoans AcquiredVia Last Three Funds





Capital RaisedFor Firm'sInaugural Fundsin 1991









Walker Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII





Helsfyr Atrium, OsloOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Perimeter One, Raleigh, NCOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Mammoth Mountain Ski Resort, Mammoth Lakes, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII












						Funds					


Opportunistic


Hotel


Debt










Our funds generally take an opportunistic approach to global real estate investing. While operating amid widely disparate economic environments over the past 25 years, our funds have shared a focus on acquiring assets with strong potential fundamentals at a significant discount to replacement cost.




Opportunistic
STARWOOD GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY FUND X (SOF X)
Starwood Capital closed its 10th global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2015, with capital commitments from more than 100 investors globally totaling $5.6 billion—the Firm’s largest fund to date. SOF X continues the successful approach of its predecessor funds, with a focus on acquiring, developing and repositioning high-quality assets in nearly every major real estate asset class with strong fundamentals. At the same time, the Fund seeks investments that can generate consistent and growing cash-on-cash returns either sourced directly, in partnerships, or joint ventures. The major change with SOF X’s investment strategy is an increased focus on Europe, as we expect a growing number of opportunities to emerge from the region. Leveraging its robust pipeline, Starwood Capital through SOF X is well-positioned to invest opportunistically in compelling properties around the world, while continuing to be patient and thus avoid rushing to compete for overpriced transactions.
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX (SOF IX)
Starwood Capital closed its ninth global opportunistic real estate fund in April 2013, with $4.2 billion of total capital commitments from more than 100 investors around the world. The portfolio is diversified by both geography and product type, and has been constructed to focus on strong cash returns during the investment period. SOF IX has continued the successful strategy of predecessor fund SOF VIII, but with an increased focus on Europe. The Fund’s primary investment themes are centered on distressed debt (loan-to-own), value-add income assets (inflation hedge), corporate transactions and land/development opportunities.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII (SOF VIII)
Starwood Capital closed its eighth global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $1.83 billion. Due to global uncertainty and volatility during our investment period, we focused on “margin of safety.” One clear measure of this approach is overall leverage that is extremely low for any type of fund, but especially for a real estate opportunity fund. We also sought investments that provided downside protection, asymmetric risk/reward profiles and hedges against inflation. The Fund pursued five major investment themes: land/residential, value-add income assets, distressed debt, corporate transactions and global hospitality. Our transaction sourcing is a key advantage for the Firm—and the vast majority of SOF VIII was sourced off-market in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII (SOF VII)
Starwood Capital closed its seventh global opportunistic fund in December 2005, with total equity commitments of $1.48 billion. SOF VII sought to construct a diversified portfolio by investing in undervalued real estate and real estate-related assets and operating companies globally across all property types, including hotel and leisure, multifamily and residential, office, senior housing and mixed-use developments. In numerous cases, we pursued a strategy that leveraged our best-in-class asset management team to invest capital and create incremental value within the properties.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VI (SOF VI)
Starwood Capital closed its sixth global opportunistic fund in February 2002, with total equity commitments of $567 million. SOF VI targeted both corporate opportunities and a variety of niche strategies. The Firm utilized its strong joint-venture platforms to expand its international investments in France, the U.K. and Germany, and to grow its senior housing and residential land investments in the U.S. We also combined the discipline of fundamental real estate investing with our knowledge of operating businesses to pursue compelling investments in the hotel and golf sectors.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund V (SOF V)
Starwood Capital closed its fifth global opportunistic fund in April 1999, with total equity commitments of $516 million. We pursued a diversified strategy with an emphasis on the residential and retail markets, and constructed and/or redeveloped condominium projects in major cities. We also formed a series of joint ventures to acquire and redevelop retail properties. SOF V also featured the Firm’s first investment in the senior housing sector. A major initiative was the formation of investment platforms in Asia and Europe. With these efforts, Starwood Capital established a global presence that continues to expand to this day.
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV (SOF IV)
Starwood Capital closed its fourth global opportunistic fund in February 1997, with total equity commitments of $830 million. Our goal with the Fund was to combine Starwood Capital’s successful equity investment strategies with its expertise in high-yielding mezzanine investments. The result was a balanced portfolio with investments across mezzanine debt, hotel debt, mixed-use complexes, residential land development, retail and leisure-related assets. In March 1998, the Firm contributed SOF IV’s debt investments, combined with those of Starwood Mezzanine, to form iStar Financial, Inc., providing investors with increased liquidity in one of the nation’s leading commercial real estate finance companies.
Starwood Opportunity Fund II (SOF II)
Starwood Capital closed its second fund in November 1993, with $102 million of equity commitments. Utilizing its growing local partner network, the Firm sought to capitalize on opportunities resulting from distressed sellers, over-leveraged or mismanaged assets and the shortage of entrepreneurial capital in the market. The diversified portfolio consisted of hotel, office, land and multifamily assets across the United States. All of these investments were purchased at substantial discounts to replacement cost.
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA (SOF I)
Starwood Capital created its first opportunity funds in February 1991 and March 1993, respectively, with $52 million of equity commitments, to take advantage of capital dislocations in the real estate markets. After extensive bottom-up research, the Firm focused on acquiring multifamily units in domestic markets with improving fundamentals and limited competition. Starwood Capital purchased approximately 6,400 multifamily properties through an aggressive acquisition program that included equity and distressed debt from the Resolution Trust Corp., FDIC, savings & loan associations, over-leveraged partnerships and tax-exempt bondholders. Just 18 months after their organization, the Funds contributed the majority of their multifamily portfolio to an operating partnership controlled by Equity Residential Properties Trust (NYSE: EQR), a newly formed real estate investment trust, in exchange for operating partnership units convertible to shares of EQR stock. EQR went on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country. This transaction marked the first of numerous leading real estate platforms or companies that Starwood Capital would help create throughout its history.


Hotel
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II (Hotel II)
Starwood Capital closed its second dedicated hospitality fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $965 million. Utilizing low leverage, Hotel II focused on four core investment themes: superior cash flow-generating assets, major rebranding/repositioning opportunities, iconic assets and development/redevelopment opportunities in New York City, one of the nation’s strongest hotel markets. Nearly 90% of investments were sourced in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process—and most were purchased at prices significantly below replacement cost.
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund I (Hotel I)
Following Barry Sternlicht’s departure from Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Starwood Capital raised its first dedicated hospitality fund in November 2005, with total equity commitments of $900 million. Through Hotel I, Starwood Capital continued its acquisition program in the hotel and leisure sector, with investments in luxury and budget hotels, extended-stay hotels, resorts, restaurants, leisure/entertainment properties, and island and hotel development opportunities.


Debt
Starwood Debt Fund II (Debt II)
Starwood Capital closed its second debt fund in January 2009, with total equity commitments of $378 million. Operating amid an exceedingly challenging recessionary environment, Debt II sought to capitalize on dislocations in the U.S. and global credit markets. The Fund focused on a full range of performing debt investments, including first mortgages, junior notes, commercial mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and mezzanine debt.
Starwood Mezzanine Investors (Starwood Mezzanine)
Convinced that equity pricing of real estate markets was reaching full value, we were one of the first equity investment firms to shift into the mezzanine market. We closed our third fund in November 1994, with total equity commitments of $220 million. The goal of the Fund was to create a portfolio of high-yielding mezzanine investments with significant current cash flow and positions in the capital structure that were at substantial discounts to replacement cost. Starwood Mezzanine invested across a range of multifamily, hotel, resort, office and land development assets. As a result, Starwood Capital attained a leading position in the developing mezzanine market by combining the Firm’s underwriting strength with its ability to creatively structure custom-tailored financing.












 





Global Real Estate Fund (TRGRX) | T. Rowe Price






















  




 United States  


Americas

 Canada
 United States



Asia Pacific

 Australia
 Hong Kong
 Japan


 New Zealand
 Singapore


 South Korea
 Taiwan



Europe

 Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France


 Germany
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Italy
 Latvia
 Liechtenstein


 Lithuania
 Luxembourg
 Netherlands
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain


 Sweden
 Switzerland
 United Kingdom






Financial Advisor / Intermediary 


Corporate
Personal Investing
Workplace Retirement
Institutional Investor
Institutional Consultant
Financial Advisor / Intermediary
Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant



 
 




English
German


  
 

 





Financial Intermediaries
		 / Funds
		 / Global Real Estate Fund (TRGRX)






Download


SHARE


Share

You can also register to manage your subscriptions and watch list.







To:



Subject:



Message:

Global Real Estate Fund



SEND
CLOSE













				Global Real Estate Fund

Investor Class
TRGRX

Invests primarily in stocks of real estate companies throughout the world, providing exposure in at least five different countries, including the United States. 
Changes in tax or zoning laws, overbuilding, environmental issues, changes in interest rates, the quality of property management (REITs), and other factors could hurt the fund. Real estate is affected by general economic conditions. When growth is slowing, demand for property decreases and prices may decline. Rising interest rates, which drive up mortgage and financing costs, can restrain construction and buying and selling activity and may reduce the appeal of real estate investments. Since the fund can invest substantially in foreign securities, it will also be subject to the risks inherent in non-U.S. issues.



Investor Class
Advisor Class
I Class
TRGRXCUSIP 87279M201









Fund added to your Subscriptions and Watch list.

Notify me by email with

updated fund data and literature


important fund news and events


OK




You are now following this fund.

An activation email has been sent to your email address from T. Rowe Price.
Please open the email and click on the activation link in order to receive updates on watched funds.


OK








Factsheet

Prospectus

More Literature 





Summary Prospectus
Updated 05/01/2017




Portfolio Update
Updated 06/30/2017




Annual Report
Updated 12/31/2016




Semi-Annual Report
Updated 06/30/2016




Quarterly Portfolio Holdings
Updated 06/30/2017










Morningstar (Category) 

Morningstar(Overall Rating)1

Global Real Estate

 
(181 funds)

Data as of 06/30/2017

Data as of 06/30/2017





Fund Manager Tenure2

Net Assets3(USD)

2yrs

$197.9m

Data as of 06/30/2017

Data as of 06/30/2017





Price(USD)

Daily Price Change

$20.33

$-0.02

Data as of 07/28/2017

Data as of 07/28/2017






Morningstar Ratings™ are based on risk-adjusted returns. Click on "Overall Rating" for the fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Ratings™.

















Nina P.  Jones,
		    Portfolio Manager

Nina Jones is the lead portfolio manager for the T. Rowe Price Global Real Estate Strategy. She is a member of the Investment Advisory Committees of the Global Real Assets, U.S. Capital Appreciation, U.S. Real Estate, U.S. Large-Cap Equity Income, and Financial Services Equity Strategies. She is also a member of the Investment Advisory Committees of the U.S. Small-Cap, Mid-Cap, and Large-Cap Value Equity Strategies. Mrs. Jones is a vice president of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.

References


Morningstar Ratings™ are based on risk-adjusted returns. Click on "Overall Rating" for the fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Ratings™.














Strategy


Investment Objective
		The fund seeks to provide long-term growth through a combination of capital appreciation and current income.

Morningstar Equity Style
Large Blend



Data as of 06/30/2017




The Morningstar Style Box™, a proprietary Morningstar data point, is a 9-square grid that provides a graphical representation of the "investment style" of stocks and mutual funds. See disclaimer at bottom of page for more information.









Morningstar Rating



Period
Rating
Rank
Funds In Category (Global Real Estate)




Overall



N/A
181


3 Years



94
181


5 Years



95
148


10 Years

N/A

N/A
85






The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics.












Average Annual Total Returns (Investor Class)


1 YR
-1.46%
-1.46%
Benchmark
1.14%
1.14%
Value
-2.60%
-2.60%
Data as of 06/30/2017
Data as of 06/30/2017


3 YR
3.17%
3.17%
Benchmark
4.56%
4.56%
Value
-1.39%
-1.39%


5 YR
6.78%
6.78%
Benchmark
8.36%
8.36%
Value
-1.58%
-1.58%


Since Inception
12.21%
12.21%
Benchmark
N/A
13.27%
Value
N/A
-1.06%




Expense Ratio

Gross
0.99%


Net
1.05%

Redemption Fee

90 days or less
2.00%






Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions.







The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.  If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.







The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of a 2.00% redemption fee on shares held for 90 days or less; if it did, the performance would be lower.











Current Year Performance (Investor Class)

Daily YTD
4.65%
Benchmark
7.43%
Value
-2.78%Data as of 07/27/2017


Monthly YTD
2.90%
Benchmark
5.37%
Value
-2.47%Data as of 06/30/2017


One Month
0.85%
Benchmark
0.88%
Value
-0.03%

Three Months
1.25%
Benchmark
3.01%
Value
-1.76%






Asset Allocation




Net Assets(USD)
$197.9m


Largest
US Stock
51.81%
$102.5m


Other
View complete Asset Allocation










Holdings




TotalHoldings
52


Largest Holding
AvalonBay Communities
5.12%
Was (03/31/2017)
4.85%


Other
View complete Full Holdings


Top 10 Holdings
34.96%
View the latest Top 10 Holdings








Contributor
AvalonBay Communities
By 
0.45%


% of fund
5.12%






Detractor
Vornado Realty Trust
By 
-0.59%


% of fund
3.35%









Purchase
Rayonier
1.14%


Was
0.51%






Sale
Simon Property Group
1.79%


Was
4.07%










Industry




TotalIndustries
9


Largest Industry
Office
24.52%
Was (05/31/2017)
24.29%


Other
View complete Industry Diversification








Over
Office
By 
10.96%


Fund
24.52%


Benchmark
13.56%






Under
Diversified
By 
-9.90%


Fund
12.52%


Benchmark
22.42%










Regions




TotalRegions
5


Largest Region
North America
53.32%
Was (05/31/2017)
52.20%


Other
View complete Region Diversification









Over
Latin America
By 
2.19%


Fund
2.19%


Benchmark
0.00%






Under
North America
By 
-3.46%


Fund
53.32%


Benchmark
56.78%











Countries




TotalCountries
13


Largest Country
United States
51.81%
Was (05/31/2017)
50.75%


Other
View complete Country Diversification









Over
France
By 
2.22%


Fund
5.54%


Benchmark
3.32%






Under
Germany
By 
-3.57%


Fund
0.00%


Benchmark
3.57%












		Team (As of 12/31/2016)
	






Nina P.  JonesPortfolio Manager
Nina Jones is the lead portfolio manager for the T. Rowe Price Global Real Estate Strategy. She is a member of the Investment Advisory Committees of the Global Real Assets, U.S. Capital Appreciation, U.S. Real Estate, U.S. Large-Cap Equity Income, and Financial Services Equity Strategies. She is also a member of the Investment Advisory Committees of the U.S. Small-Cap, Mid-Cap, and Large-Cap Value Equity Strategies. Mrs. Jones is a vice president of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.


Fund managersince 
				
					2015

Years atT. Rowe Price
			9

Years investmentexperience 9






Brian DauschPortfolio Specialist
Brian Dausch is a portfolio specialist in the U.S. Equity Division of T. Rowe Price. He is a member of the Global Natural Resources Equity, US Mid-Cap Growth Equity, US Small-Cap Growth Equity, QM US Small-Cap Growth Equity, and Health Sciences Strategy teams, working closely with institutional clients, consultants, and prospects. Mr. Dausch is a vice president of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.


Years atT. Rowe Price
			18

Years investmentexperience 19






For a complete list of the members of the fund's Investment Advisory Committee, please refer to the fund's prospectus.








How to Invest

View platform information



Share Class
Min Initial Investment (USD)
Min Subsequent Investment (USD)
Redemption Fee
12b-1 Fee
Expense Ratio


Gross
Net
Limitation Type
Limitation Expiration Date





					Investor Class
Cusip 87279M201
$2,500
$100

					2.00%
90 days or less

0.00%
0.99%
1.05%

					N/A

 N/A




					Advisor Class
Cusip 87279M102
$2,500
$100

					2.00%
90 days or less

0.25%
1.25%
1.15%

					Contractual


 04/30/2019




					I Class
Cusip 87279M300
$1,000,000*
N/A

					2.00%
90 days or less

0.00%
0.86%
0.74%

					Contractual


 04/30/2019







* Minimum initial investment $1,000,000, certain exceptions may apply. Minimum waived for I Classes offered through Workplace Retirement plans.










Benefits & Risks
Changes in tax or zoning laws, overbuilding, environmental issues, changes in interest rates, the quality of property management (REITs), and other factors could hurt the fund.    Real estate is affected by general economic conditions. When growth is slowing, demand for property decreases and prices may decline.Rising interest rates, which drive up mortgage and financing costs, can restrain construction and buying and selling activity and may reduce the appeal of real estate investments.Since the fund can invest substantially in foreign securities, it will also be subject to the risks inherent in non-U.S. issues.



Investor Profile
For investors who are comfortable with a concentrated investment in real estate and want to tap the international markets.    Due to the fund’s focus on real estate, it has a high-risk profile and may be appropriate for investors with a long-term horizon.    It is appropriate for both regular and retirement accounts.

Risk/Return Characteristics
Data as of 06/30/2017



Risk/Return (5 Years)
Fund
FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index




Alpha
-1.25%
0.00%


Beta
0.97
1.00


R-Squared
0.97
1.00


Annualized Std. Deviation
11.52%
11.71%


Information Ratio
-0.84
0.00


Sharpe Ratio
0.57
0.70


Tracking Error
1.88%
0.00%






Figures are calculated using monthly data and are net of fees.  Past performance cannot guarantee future results.









Asset Allocation (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
05/31/2017
04/30/2017
03/31/2017
02/28/2017
01/31/2017
12/31/2016
11/30/2016
10/31/2016
09/30/2016
08/31/2016
07/31/2016
06/30/2016
05/31/2016
04/30/2016
03/31/2016
02/29/2016
01/31/2016
12/31/2015
11/30/2015
10/31/2015
09/30/2015
08/31/2015
07/31/2015
06/30/2015
05/31/2015
04/30/2015
03/31/2015
02/28/2015
01/31/2015
12/31/2014
10/31/2014
09/30/2014
07/31/2014
06/30/2014
04/30/2014
03/31/2014
01/31/2014
12/31/2013
11/30/2013
10/31/2013
09/30/2013
08/31/2013
07/31/2013
06/30/2013
05/31/2013
04/30/2013
03/31/2013
02/28/2013
01/31/2013




Category
% of Total Net Assets
Market Value (USD)




Global ex-US Stock
44.87%
$88,780,178.53


Reserves
3.32%
$6,568,981.34


US Stock
51.81%
$102,511,723.86




Total Allocation
 
$197,860,883.72






Numbers may not total 100% due to rounding.














Top 10 Holdings (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
05/31/2017
04/30/2017
03/31/2017
02/28/2017
01/31/2017
12/31/2016
11/30/2016
10/31/2016
09/30/2016
08/31/2016
07/31/2016
06/30/2016
05/31/2016
04/30/2016
03/31/2016
02/29/2016
01/31/2016
12/31/2015
11/30/2015
10/31/2015
09/30/2015
08/31/2015
07/31/2015
06/30/2015
05/31/2015
04/30/2015
03/31/2015
02/28/2015
01/31/2015
12/31/2014
11/30/2014
10/31/2014
09/30/2014
08/31/2014
07/31/2014
06/30/2014
05/31/2014
04/30/2014
03/31/2014
02/28/2014
01/31/2014
12/31/2013
11/30/2013
10/31/2013
09/30/2013
08/31/2013
07/31/2013
06/30/2013
05/31/2013
04/30/2013
03/31/2013
02/28/2013
01/31/2013





Holding Name
Sector
Industry
Country




AvalonBay Communities
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States


Equity Residential
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States


Essex Property Trust
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States


GGP
Real Estate
Regional Mall
United States


Prologis
Real Estate
Industrial
United States


PSP Swiss Property
Real Estate
Office
Switzerland


Regency Centers
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United States


SL Green Realty
Real Estate
Office
United States


Sun Hung Kai Properties
Real Estate
Diversified
Hong Kong


Vornado Realty Trust
Real Estate
Office
United States



Represents 34.96% of Total Net Assets




The information shown does not reflect any ETFs that may be held in the portfolio.







Source: Wilshire Atlas, MSCI/S&P GICS Sectors; Analysis by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. T. Rowe Price uses the MSCI/S&P Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) for sector and industry reporting. Each year, MSCI and S&P review the GICS structure. The last change occurred on 28 February 2014. T. Rowe Price will adhere to all future updates to GICS for prospective reporting.








Holdings (06/30/2017)

Download

As of end:

06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
03/31/2015
12/31/2014
09/30/2014
06/30/2014
03/31/2014
12/31/2013
09/30/2013
06/30/2013
03/31/2013





Security Name
% of Fund
Prev Qtr Change
Value
Sector
Industry
Country






					AvalonBay Communities

5.12%
0.27%
$10,127,359.00
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States




					Equity Residential

4.66%
0.47%
$9,229,366.00
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States




					Prologis

4.15%
0.49%
$8,217,809.60
Real Estate
Industrial
United States




					SL Green Realty

3.41%
0.12%
$6,750,040.00
Real Estate
Office
United States




					Vornado Realty Trust

3.35%
-0.05%
$6,619,950.00
Real Estate
Office
United States




					GGP

3.04%
0.27%
$6,007,800.00
Real Estate
Regional Mall
United States




					Essex Property Trust

2.90%
0.29%
$5,742,266.40
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States




					Sun Hung Kai Properties

2.80%
-0.03%
$5,538,194.39
Real Estate
Diversified
Hong Kong




					PSP Swiss Property

2.78%
0.19%
$5,494,569.42
Real Estate
Office
Switzerland




					Regency Centers

2.75%
-0.02%
$5,443,416.00
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United States




					Boston Properties

2.56%
-0.17%
$5,068,424.00
Real Estate
Office
United States




					Mitsui Fudosan

2.53%
0.37%
$4,997,745.27
Real Estate
Diversified
Japan




					Shaftesbury

2.38%
0.31%
$4,701,999.73
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United Kingdom




					Hongkong Land Holdings

2.31%
-0.45%
$4,573,759.58
Real Estate
Office
Hong Kong




					Scentre

2.18%
-0.42%
$4,317,587.99
Real Estate
Regional Mall
Australia




					Public Storage

2.15%
-0.13%
$4,254,012.00
Real Estate
Self Storage
United States




					Mitsubishi Estate

2.08%
0.15%
$4,123,631.80
Real Estate
Diversified
Japan




					Gecina

2.05%
0.11%
$4,059,413.58
Real Estate
Office
France




					Nippon Accommodations Fund

2.05%
-0.12%
$4,053,454.63
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
Japan




					American Campus Communities

1.98%
0.09%
$3,911,710.00
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United States




					Vicinity Centres

1.95%
-0.50%
$3,860,436.94
Real Estate
Regional Mall
Australia




					Federal Realty Investment Trust

1.89%
-0.08%
$3,741,144.00
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United States




					Klepierre

1.88%
0.04%
$3,712,858.47
Real Estate
Regional Mall
France




					Douglas Emmett

1.82%
0.02%
$3,591,740.00
Real Estate
Office
United States




					Simon Property Group

1.79%
-2.28%
$3,542,544.00
Real Estate
Regional Mall
United States




					UNITE

1.67%
0.19%
$3,297,124.00
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
United Kingdom




					CapitaLand Mall Trust

1.63%
0.05%
$3,225,792.73
Real Estate
Regional Mall
Singapore




					Unibail-Rodamco

1.61%
0.14%
$3,191,285.73
Real Estate
Regional Mall
France




					Macerich Company

1.59%
-0.36%
$3,146,852.00
Real Estate
Regional Mall
United States




					Hysan Development

1.58%
0.15%
$3,125,916.35
Real Estate
Diversified
Hong Kong




					Weyerhaeuser

1.47%
0.05%
$2,900,095.00
Real Estate
Agriculture/Land
United States




					Great Portland Estates

1.40%
-0.07%
$2,773,282.72
Real Estate
Office
United Kingdom




					Mori Hills REIT Investment

1.27%
-0.23%
$2,516,635.97
Real Estate
Office
Japan




					Urban Edge Properties

1.26%
0.03%
$2,494,023.00
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United States




					Inmobiliaria Colonial

1.26%
0.23%
$2,490,807.75
Real Estate
Office
Spain




					Derwent London

1.21%
0.02%
$2,385,964.10
Real Estate
Office
United Kingdom




					Acadia Realty Trust

1.17%
0.04%
$2,307,400.00
Real Estate
Shopping Center
United States




					Charter Hall Retail REIT

1.16%
-0.17%
$2,298,342.93
Real Estate
Shopping Center
Australia




					Rayonier

1.14%
0.63%
$2,258,445.00
Real Estate
Agriculture/Land
United States




					Concentradora Fibra Danhos

1.13%
0.08%
$2,235,493.68
Real Estate
Diversified
Mexico




					Kilroy Realty

1.11%
0.10%
$2,194,380.00
Real Estate
Office
United States




					Hufvudstaden

0.97%
0.13%
$1,914,798.27
Real Estate
Diversified
Sweden




					Nippon Prologis REIT

0.93%
0.03%
$1,836,921.79
Real Estate
Industrial
Japan




					Taubman Centers

0.88%
-0.16%
$1,750,770.00
Real Estate
Regional Mall
United States




					Sunstone Hotel Investors

0.88%
-0.05%
$1,747,408.00
Real Estate
Lodging/Leisure
United States




					Mitsui Fudosan Logistics Park

0.84%
0.05%
$1,652,591.80
Real Estate
Industrial
Japan




					Iguatemi Empresa de Shopping Centers

0.78%
-0.00%
$1,550,555.95
Real Estate
Regional Mall
Brazil




					Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust

0.76%
0.02%
$1,510,370.91
Real Estate
Diversified
Canada




					Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust

0.74%
0.47%
$1,471,087.29
Real Estate
Apartment Residential
Canada




					Hilton Worldwide Holdings

0.74%
0.07%
$1,466,649.05
Real Estate
Lodging/Leisure
United States




					Wharf Holdings

0.67%
0.01%
$1,331,396.60
Real Estate
Diversified
Hong Kong




					Multiplan Empreendimentos Imobiliarios

0.27%
-0.06%
$542,531.99
Real Estate
Regional Mall
Brazil











Numbers may not total 100% due to rounding.







Please note that holdings are released 15 days after the period end. From time to time, certain securities held may not be listed. This is done to prevent potential harm to the portfolio while the manager completes a buying or selling program in those securities. 
The information shown does not reflect any ETFs that may be held in the portfolio.







Source: Wilshire Atlas, MSCI/S&P GICS Sectors; Analysis by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. T. Rowe Price uses the MSCI/S&P Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) for sector and industry reporting. Each year, MSCI and S&P review the GICS structure. The last change occurred on 28 February 2014. T. Rowe Price will adhere to all future updates to GICS for prospective reporting.








Purchases (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
03/31/2015
12/31/2014
09/30/2014
06/30/2014
03/31/2014
12/31/2013
09/30/2013
06/30/2013
03/31/2013





Major Purchases
% of Fund
Previous Quarter Change
Industry
Country




Rayonier
1.14%
0.63%
Agriculture/Land
United States


Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust
0.74%
0.47%
Apartment Residential
Canada


Urban Edge Properties
1.26%
0.03%
Shopping Center
United States


GGP
3.03%
0.26%
Regional Mall
United States


UNITE
1.66%
0.18%
Apartment Residential
United Kingdom


Iguatemi Empresa de Shopping Centers
0.78%
-0.01%
Regional Mall
Brazil






Sales (06/30/2017)




Major Sales
% of Fund
Previous Quarter Change
Industry
Country




Simon Property Group
1.79%
-2.28%
Regional Mall
United States


Brookfield Canada Office Properties (E)
0.00%
-0.92%
Office
Canada


Hongkong Land Holdings
2.31%
-0.45%
Office
Hong Kong


Scentre
2.18%
-0.42%
Regional Mall
Australia


Vicinity Centres
1.95%
-0.51%
Regional Mall
Australia


AvalonBay Communities
5.11%
0.26%
Apartment Residential
United States


Prologis
4.15%
0.49%
Industrial
United States


Gecina
2.05%
0.11%
Office
France


Macerich Company
1.59%
-0.36%
Regional Mall
United States


Sun Hung Kai Properties
2.80%
-0.03%
Diversified
Hong Kong






(N) New position. 
(E) Eliminated. 
The information shown does not reflect any ETFs that may be held in the portfolio.








Contributors (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
03/31/2015
12/31/2014
09/30/2014
06/30/2014
03/31/2014
12/31/2013
09/30/2013
06/30/2013
03/31/2013





Contributors
% of Fund
% Value Add
Industry
Country




Prologis
4.15%
N/A
Industrial
United States


Essex Property Trust
2.90%
N/A
Apartment Residential
United States


Gecina
2.05%
N/A
Office
France


Equity Residential
4.66%
N/A
Apartment Residential
United States


Mitsui Fudosan
2.53%
N/A
Diversified
Japan


AvalonBay Communities
5.12%
0.3%
Apartment Residential
United States


Shaftesbury
2.38%
N/A
Shopping Center
United Kingdom


Klepierre
1.88%
N/A
Regional Mall
France


Inmobiliaria Colonial
1.26%
N/A
Office
Spain


PSP Swiss Property
2.78%
N/A
Office
Switzerland






Detractors (06/30/2017)




Detractors
% of Fund
% Value Add
Industry
Country




Simon Property Group
1.79%
-2.3%
Regional Mall
United States


Vornado Realty Trust
3.35%
-0.1%
Office
United States


Vicinity Centres
1.95%
N/A
Regional Mall
Australia


Boston Properties
2.56%
N/A
Office
United States


Macerich Company
1.59%
-0.4%
Regional Mall
United States


Regency Centers
2.75%
N/A
Shopping Center
United States


Scentre
2.18%
N/A
Regional Mall
Australia


Urban Edge Properties
1.26%
N/A
Shopping Center
United States


Taubman Centers
0.88%
-0.2%
Regional Mall
United States


Mori Hills REIT Investment
1.27%
N/A
Office
Japan






The information shown does not reflect any ETFs that may be held in the portfolio.














Industry Diversification (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
05/31/2017
04/30/2017
03/31/2017
02/28/2017
01/31/2017
12/31/2016
11/30/2016
10/31/2016
09/30/2016
08/31/2016
07/31/2016
06/30/2016
05/31/2016
04/30/2016
03/31/2016
02/29/2016
01/31/2016
12/31/2015
11/30/2015
10/31/2015
09/30/2015
08/31/2015
07/31/2015
06/30/2015
05/31/2015
04/30/2015
03/31/2015
02/28/2015
01/31/2015
12/31/2014
11/30/2014
10/31/2014
09/30/2014
08/31/2014
07/31/2014
06/30/2014
05/31/2014
04/30/2014
03/31/2014
02/28/2014
01/31/2014
12/31/2013
11/30/2013
10/31/2013
09/30/2013
08/31/2013
07/31/2013
06/30/2013
05/31/2013
04/30/2013
03/31/2013
02/28/2013
01/31/2013





Industry
% of Fund
% of Benchmark
% Underweight/Overweight




Office
24.52%
13.56%



Regional Mall
17.61%
12.11%



Apartment Residential
19.12%
14.70%



Shopping Center
10.61%
7.28%



Agriculture/Land
2.61%
0.00%



Home Builders
0.00%
0.08%



Other Real Estate
0.00%
0.29%



Self Storage
2.15%
3.64%



Data Centers
0.00%
1.77%



Industrial
5.92%
7.75%



Lodging/Leisure
1.62%
4.38%



Triple Net
0.00%
3.93%



Healthcare
0.00%
8.09%



Diversified
12.52%
22.42%




Benchmark: FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index




Numbers may not add due to rounding and/or the exclusion of reserves and other assets.







T. Rowe Price uses a custom structure for industry and sector reporting for this product. 














Country Diversification (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
05/31/2017
04/30/2017
03/31/2017
02/28/2017
01/31/2017
12/31/2016
11/30/2016
10/31/2016
09/30/2016
08/31/2016
07/31/2016
06/30/2016
05/31/2016
04/30/2016
03/31/2016
02/29/2016
01/31/2016
12/31/2015
11/30/2015
10/31/2015
09/30/2015
08/31/2015
07/31/2015
06/30/2015
05/31/2015
04/30/2015
03/31/2015
02/28/2015
01/31/2015
12/31/2014
11/30/2014
10/31/2014
09/30/2014
08/31/2014
07/31/2014
06/30/2014
05/31/2014
04/30/2014
03/31/2014
02/28/2014
01/31/2014
12/31/2013
11/30/2013
10/31/2013
09/30/2013
08/31/2013
07/31/2013
06/30/2013
05/31/2013
04/30/2013
03/31/2013
02/28/2013
01/31/2013





Country
% of Fund
% of Benchmark
% Underweight/Overweight




France
5.54%
3.32%



Switzerland
2.78%
1.01%



United Kingdom
6.65%
4.99%



Mexico
1.13%
0.00%



Brazil
1.06%
0.00%



Spain
1.26%
0.69%



Italy
0.00%
0.07%



New Zealand
0.00%
0.10%



Norway
0.00%
0.11%



Israel
0.00%
0.12%



Ireland
0.00%
0.19%



Finland
0.00%
0.20%



Hong Kong
7.36%
7.62%



Australia
5.29%
5.59%



Austria
0.00%
0.34%



Netherlands
0.00%
0.37%



Sweden
0.97%
1.37%



Belgium
0.00%
0.58%



Japan
9.69%
10.48%



Singapore
1.63%
2.49%



Canada
1.51%
2.82%



United States
51.81%
53.96%



Germany
0.00%
3.57%




Benchmark: FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index




Numbers may not add due to rounding and/or the exclusion of reserves and other assets.









Region Diversification (06/30/2017)
As of end:

06/30/2017
05/31/2017
04/30/2017
03/31/2017
02/28/2017
01/31/2017
12/31/2016
11/30/2016
10/31/2016
09/30/2016
08/31/2016
07/31/2016
06/30/2016
05/31/2016
04/30/2016
03/31/2016
02/29/2016
01/31/2016
12/31/2015
11/30/2015
10/31/2015
09/30/2015
08/31/2015
07/31/2015
06/30/2015
05/31/2015
04/30/2015
03/31/2015
02/28/2015
01/31/2015
12/31/2014
11/30/2014
10/31/2014
09/30/2014
08/31/2014
07/31/2014
06/30/2014
05/31/2014
04/30/2014
03/31/2014
02/28/2014
01/31/2014
12/31/2013
11/30/2013
10/31/2013
09/30/2013
08/31/2013
07/31/2013
06/30/2013
05/31/2013
04/30/2013
03/31/2013
02/28/2013
01/31/2013





Region
% of Fund
% of Benchmark
% Underweight/Overweight




Latin America
2.19%
0.00%



Europe
17.20%
16.83%



Middle East & Africa
0.00%
0.12%



Japan
9.69%
10.48%



Pacific Ex Japan
14.29%
15.80%



North America
53.32%
56.78%




Benchmark: FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index




Numbers may not add due to rounding and/or the exclusion of reserves and other assets.










Platforms (Investor Class)


PlatformRetail InvestorInstitutional Investor



Pershing
N/A
NTF


TD Ameritrade
NTF
NTF


Schwab
NTF
NTF


Fidelity
NTF
NTF


E*Trade
NTF
N/A







NTF No Transaction Fee
TF Transaction Fee
N/A Not Available













Calendar Year Performance



2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
 





7.99%
33.62%
23.17%
-4.58%
28.40%
1.37%
14.47%
1.47%
2.96%
 
Fund


9.16%
38.26%
20.40%
-5.82%
28.65%
4.39%
15.89%
0.05%
4.99%
 
Benchmark


-1.17%
-4.64%
2.77%
1.24%
-0.25%
-3.02%
-1.42%
1.42%
-2.03%
 
Value added





Fund
Benchmark
Annual Report


Benchmark: FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index





Monthly Performance



Fund
Benchmark


Benchmark: FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Real Estate Index






Distributions (Investor Class)



Period
Dividend From Net Income (USD)
Short-Term Capital Gains (USD)
Long-Term Capital Gains (USD)
Declaration/Record Date
Ex-Dividend Date
Payment Date
Sort Column




Q1

                                         	   $0.11

                                         	   -

                                            	-
03/28/2017
03/29/2017
03/30/2017
20170330


Q2

                                         	   $0.14

                                         	   -

                                            	-
06/27/2017
06/28/2017
06/29/2017
20170629


2016 Year End

                                        $0.10

                                        $0.17

                                        $0.10
12/15/2016
12/16/2016
12/19/2016
20161219


2015 Year End

                                        $0.07

                                        -

                                        $0.13
12/15/2015
12/16/2015
12/17/2015
20151217


2014 Year End

                                        $0.09

                                        -

                                        -
12/15/2014
12/16/2014
12/17/2014
20141217




Future Declarations



Period
Declaration/Record Date
Ex-Dividend Date
Payment Date
Sort Column




2017 Q1
03/28/2017
03/29/2017
03/30/2017
03/30/2017


2017 Q2
06/27/2017
06/28/2017
06/29/2017
06/29/2017


2017 Q3
09/26/2017
09/27/2017
09/28/2017
09/28/2017


2017 Year End
12/15/2017
12/18/2017
12/19/2017
12/19/2017














Institutional Investors
Client liaisons are available weekdays from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET.
Tel: 1-800-638-7780
Email













Financial Advisors
Client liaisons are available Monday-Thursday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET and Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET.
Tel: 1-800-564-6958
Contact Advisor Services


I'm a Registered Investment Advisor
I'm affiliated with a Broker Dealer
Contact Advisor Services
















1

© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.






2

Number of years managing the fund.  In the case of co-portfolio management, the longer tenure is displayed.







3

Figure applies to all share classes.












Dismiss

Tap to dismiss





Subscriptions/Watch list




Fund
Watch
Email updatesFund data/literature (monthly)
Email updatesFund news/events (ad-hoc)










Insights
Watch
Email updates
 









Unsubscribe All

OK
CANCEL




Manage your watched Funds and Insights subscriptions here.

OK
CANCEL



Change Details



Company E-Mail Address







First Name







Last Name







Company Name












Save Changes
Cancel






Congratulations! You are now registered.

Begin watching and receiving email updates for:


Funds
Insights


Ok




Sign in to manage your subscriptions and watch list.

Sign In Register




Company
						E-Mail Address












Sign in Cancel








Company
						E-Mail Address





First
						Name





Last Name





Company
						Name












Register Cancel








Download

Latest
Date Range
Updated


From


January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

To


January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December



Download
Cancel



Institutional Content
I have read and agree to the terms and conditions

Confirm
Cancel




This content is restricted for Institutional Investors use only.  
			We were not able to validate your status as an Institutional Investor with the information you provided at registration.
Please contact the T. Rowe Price Team with questions or to revise your status.
1-800-564-6958
You will need to accept the Terms & Conditions again.


Ok



You have updated your email address.

An activation email has been sent to your new email address from T. Rowe Price.
Please click on the activation link in order to receive email updates.


Ok




You have an existing account

Click OK to view your subscriptions and watch list.


OK








Confirm
Cancel










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















			
				
				
					Invesco - Product Detail - Mutual Funds
				
			
		





































Invesco Distributors, Inc.
 | Log in | Register | Contact us | Briefcase | US

Individual Investor








Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Financial Professional







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Registered Investment Advisor







Institutions
*Required

 * This portion of the Invesco web site is specifically prepared for Institutional
Investors in the US. The content and investment strategies discussed may not be
suitable for and/or available to all investors. By checking the box and clicking continue, I confirm
that I am an US Institutional Investor.


Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue



Institutions







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Defined Contribution

















Invesco




Mutual Funds


 » 
Financial Products
 » 
Mutual Funds
 » 
Product Detail





Home
Products



See how Invesco can help you think beyond average.
Learn More

Financial Products
Mutual Funds
Performance
Unit Trusts
Performance
PowerShares ETFs
Performance
Money Market and Liquidity Funds
Performance
Closed-End Funds
Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings Plan
CollegeBound 529
Performance
Retirement Plans
Individual Retirement Plans
Small Business Retirement Plans
Insights



Insights and Opportunities
  Explore compelling insights and strategies that seek to capitalize on today's market.
View now

Insights
Investments
Market & Economic
Retirement
Insights and Opportunities
Product Commentaries
Investor Blog
Why Invest in Average?: High Conviction
Newsroom
Press Releases
Product News
Invesco In The News
Events
Invesco Interactive
Resources



Invesco White Paper Series on the Active/Passive Debate
Learn More
Resources
Business Retirement Planning
Factor Investing
Active/Passive Investing
Preparing for College
Investor Education
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Glossary of Terms
Tools
Multiple Fund Comparison
Interactive Charts
PowerShares ETF Tools
Investment Calculators
College Planning
Retirement Calculators
Investment Objectives
Diversification
Income
Literature





Blog
Be the first to get Invesco's views on the topics that matter most.
Learn More
Literature
Recently Added
Most Popular
Mutual Funds
PowerShares ETFs
Unit Trusts
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings
Retirement Planning
General Literature
Programs
Forms
General
College Savings
Retirement
Account access



Download our iPad App
Invesco's free app for iPad® gives you the information you need on the go. Visit the App StoreSM and search for “Invesco US.”
Learn More
Accounts & Services
Account Access
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Service Center
Proxy Voting
Retirement Plan Manager
Retirement Plan Manager Access
CollegeBound 529
Managing Your Account
Contact Us
CollegeBound 529 Account Access
About



Learn more about Invesco and our "investors first" approach.
Learn More
Who We Are
Contact Us
Careers
Stay Connected with Invesco
Why the Mountain
Awards


































 




 
 
 
 




Added to Briefcase



Removed


Prospectus

Prospectus  





Quick Links


Order literature
Mutual funds prices & performance


Portfolio Illustrator 
Portfolio Illustrator
Order literature
Mutual Funds prices & performance


Portfolio Illustrator 
Portfolio Illustrator
Order literature
Mutual Funds prices & performance


Mutual funds prices & performance


Mutual funds prices & performance












		Invesco Global Real Estate Fund
		
		
	
Alternatives | Real Estate





Class AClass BClass CClass RClass R5Class R6Class Y




					Select another Fund
				
Invesco All Cap Market Neutral Fund
Invesco Alternative Strategies Fund
Invesco American Franchise Fund
Invesco American Value Fund
Invesco Asia Pacific Growth Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Allocation Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Commodity Strategy Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Retirement 2020 Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Retirement 2030 Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Retirement 2040 Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Retirement 2050 Fund
Invesco Balanced-Risk Retirement Now Fund
Invesco California Tax-Free Income Fund
Invesco Charter Fund
Invesco Comstock Fund
Invesco Conservative Allocation Fund
Invesco Convertible Securities Fund
Invesco Core Plus Bond Fund
Invesco Corporate Bond Fund
Invesco Developing Markets Fund
Invesco Diversified Dividend Fund
Invesco Dividend Income Fund
Invesco Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Invesco Emerging Markets Flexible Bond Fund
Invesco Endeavor Fund
Invesco Energy Fund
Invesco Equally-Weighted S&P 500 Fund
Invesco Equity and Income Fund
Invesco European Growth Fund
Invesco European Small Company Fund
Invesco Floating Rate Fund
Invesco Global Core Equity Fund
Invesco Global Growth Fund
Invesco Global Health Care Fund
Invesco Global Infrastructure Fund
Invesco Global Low Volatility Equity Yield Fund
Invesco Global Market Neutral Fund
Invesco Global Opportunities Fund
Invesco Global Real Estate Fund
Invesco Global Real Estate Income Fund
Invesco Global Responsibility Equity Fund
Invesco Global Small & Mid Cap Growth Fund
Invesco Global Targeted Returns Fund
Invesco Gold & Precious Metals Fund
Invesco Greater China Fund
Invesco Growth Allocation Fund
Invesco Growth and Income Fund
Invesco High Yield Fund
Invesco High Yield Municipal Fund
Invesco Income Allocation Fund
Invesco Intermediate Term Municipal Income Fund
Invesco International Allocation Fund
Invesco International Companies Fund
Invesco International Core Equity Fund
Invesco International Growth Fund
Invesco International Small Company Fund
Invesco Limited Term Municipal Income Fund
Invesco Long/Short Equity Fund
Invesco Low Volatility Emerging Markets Fund
Invesco Low Volatility Equity Yield Fund
Invesco MLP Fund
Invesco Macro Allocation Strategy Fund
Invesco Mid Cap Core Equity Fund
Invesco Mid Cap Growth Fund
Invesco Moderate Allocation Fund
Invesco Multi-Asset Income Fund
Invesco Multi-Asset Inflation Fund
Invesco Municipal Income Fund
Invesco New York Tax Free Income Fund
Invesco Pacific Growth Fund
Invesco Pennsylvania Tax Free Income Fund
Invesco Quality Income Fund
Invesco Real Estate Fund
Invesco S&P 500 Index Fund
Invesco Select Companies Fund
Invesco Select Opportunities Fund
Invesco Senior Loan Fund
Invesco Short Duration High Yield Municipal Fund
Invesco Short Duration Inflation Protected Fund
Invesco Short Term Bond Fund
Invesco Small Cap Discovery Fund
Invesco Small Cap Equity Fund
Invesco Small Cap Growth Fund
Invesco Small Cap Value Fund
Invesco Strategic Real Return Fund
Invesco Summit Fund
Invesco Technology Fund
Invesco Technology Sector Fund
Invesco U.S. Government Fund
Invesco Value Opportunities Fund
Invesco World Bond Fund








			Objective & Strategy
		

			
				The fund seeks total return through growth of capital and current income by investing primarily in real estate securities throughout the world.

			
			
				
			
		


Real Estate Without Borders
An active, total return strategy that seeks to participate in the growth potential of
real estate securities around the world.



Growth
 
Diversification
 
Inflation


Opportunities to invest in commercial real estate continue to grow outside the US.
 
Given the wide range of countries, economic cycles, currencies and opportunities, global real estate may enhance portfolio diversification. 
 
Contractual and structural characteristics of real estate may provide a hedge against long-term inflation. 







			
			Style Map
		




The map illustrates areas in which the fund can invest, not necessarily within a limited period of time.




as of 06/30/2017

			Morningstar Rating™

Overall Rating - Global Real Estate Category






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			As of 06/30/2017 the Fund had an overall rating of 3 stars out of 181 funds and was rated 3 stars out of 181 funds, 2 stars out of 148 funds and 3 stars out of 85 funds for the 3-, 5- and 10- year periods, respectively.
		

Morningstar details

Source: Morningstar Inc. Ratings are based on a risk-adjusted return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Open-end mutual funds and exchange-traded funds are considered a single population for comparison purposes. Ratings are calculated for funds with at least a three year history. The overall rating is derived from a weighted average of three-, five- and 10-year rating metrics, as applicable, excluding sales charges and including fees and expenses. ©2017 Morningstar Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers. It may not be copied or distributed and is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The top 10% of funds in a category receive five stars, the next 22.5% four stars, the next 35% three stars, the next 22.5% two stars and the bottom 10% one star. Ratings are subject to change monthly. Had fees not been waived and/or expenses reimbursed currently or in the past, the Morningstar rating would have been lower. Ratings for other share classes may differ due to different performance characteristics.




Management team







Joe V. Rodriguez



									Senior Portfolio Manager
View bio (64 KB)
								







Mark Blackburn, CFA, CPA



									Senior Portfolio Manager
View bio (37 KB)
								







James Cowen



									Portfolio Manager
View bio (35 KB)
								







Paul Curbo, CFA



									Portfolio Manager
View bio (37 KB)
								







Darin Turner



									Portfolio Manager
View bio (28 KB)
								







Ping Ying Wang, PhD, CFA



									Portfolio Manager
View bio (37 KB)
								







					as of
					
						06/30/2017
					
				

					Top Equity Holdings | View all 





% of Total Assets




SIMON PROPERTY GROUP INC
3.54


EQUITY RESIDENTIAL
2.72


PUBLIC STORAGE
2.46


PROLOGIS INC
2.39


BOSTON PROPERTIES INC
2.36


AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES INC
2.30


MITSUI FUDOSAN CO LTD
2.13


MITSUBISHI ESTATE CO LTD
2.06


VORNADO REALTY TRUST
1.85


UNIBAIL RODAMCO SE
1.82




May not equal 100% due to rounding.

						Holdings are subject to change and are not buy/sell recommendations.
					






as of 
					06/30/2017
06/30/2017


Average Annual Returns (%)

Monthly
Quarterly





 
Incept.Date
MaxLoad (%)
SinceIncept. (%)
YTD (%)
1Y (%)
3Y (%)
5Y (%)
10Y (%)




NAV
04/29/2005
N/A
5.58
6.02
1.08
2.73
6.67
1.66


Load
04/29/2005
5.50
5.09
0.16
-4.44
0.83
5.46
1.09


NAV
04/29/2005
N/A
5.58
6.02
1.08
2.73
6.67
1.66


Load
04/29/2005
5.50
5.09
0.16
-4.44
0.83
5.46
1.09





		
		Performance quoted is past performance and cannot guarantee comparable future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment return and principal value will vary so that you may have a gain or a loss when you sell shares. 


Performance shown at NAV does not include applicable front-end or CDSC sales charges, which would have reduced the performance.


		
		Performance figures reflect reinvested distributions and changes in net asset value (NAV) and the effect of the maximum sales charge unless otherwise stated.






			as of
			06/30/2017
06/30/2017

Annualized Benchmark Returns

Style-Specific
Broad-Based


Monthly
Quarterly






Index Name
1 Mo (%)
3 Mo (%)
1Y (%)
3Y (%)
5Y (%)
10Y (%)




 Custom Invesco Global Real Estate Index 
0.85
3.43
2.19
3.94
7.67
2.06


 MSCI World IX ND 
0.38
4.03
18.20
5.24
11.38
3.97


 Custom Invesco Global Real Estate Index 
0.85
3.43
2.19
3.94
7.67
2.06


 MSCI World IX ND 
0.38
4.03
18.20
5.24
11.38
3.97







					
						Source:  FactSet Research Systems Inc.
					
				

				An investment cannot be made directly in an index.
			




Expense Ratio per Prospectus



Management Fee
0.73 


12b-1 Fee

						
							
						
						0.25
					


Other Expenses
0.38


Interest/Dividend Exp
0.00


Total Other Expenses
0.38


Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses (Underlying Fund Fees & Expenses)
0.00


Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
1.36


Contractual Waivers/Reimbursements
							
						

							N/A
						


Net Expenses - PER PROSPECTUS
1.36



							Additional Waivers/Reimbursements	
							
						

							0.00
						


Net Expenses - With Additional Fee Reduction
1.36



This information is updated per the most recent prospectus.


Historical Prices



					From    
					to  
Apply






Chart
Table


 Excel Download




No history records found for this date range 







Distributions



					From 
					  
					to 
Apply









 
 
Capital Gains
ReinvestmentPrice ($)


Ex-Date
Income
Short Term
Long Term




06/15/2017
							
0.0351
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.21
							
							
							
							
							


03/16/2017
							
0.0351
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.62
							
							
							
							
							


12/13/2016
							
0.3355
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.36
							
							
							
							
							


09/15/2016
							
0.0489
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.26
							
							
							
							
							


06/16/2016
							
0.0493
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.90
							
							
							
							
							


03/17/2016
							
0.0390
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.91
							
							
							
							
							


12/11/2015
							
0.1125
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.19
							
							
							
							
							


09/17/2015
							
0.0390
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.31
							
							
							
							
							


06/18/2015
							
0.0390
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.08
							
							
							
							
							


03/19/2015
							
0.0377
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.42
							
							
							
							
							


12/30/2014
							
0.1654
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.15
							
							
							
							
							


12/12/2014
							
0.0390
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.01
							
							
							
							
							


09/18/2014
							
0.0388
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.71
							
							
							
							
							


06/19/2014
							
0.0387
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.90
							
							
							
							
							


03/20/2014
							
0.0557
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.77
							
							
							
							
							


12/13/2013
							
0.0969
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.41
							
							
							
							
							


09/19/2013
							
0.0659
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.21
							
							
							
							
							


06/20/2013
							
0.0564
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.20
							
							
							
							
							


03/21/2013
							
0.0246
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.97
							
							
							
							
							


12/07/2012
							
0.3084
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.33
							
							
							
							
							


09/20/2012
							
0.0549
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.38
							
							
							
							
							


06/14/2012
							
0.0553
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.31
							
							
							
							
							


03/15/2012
							
0.0252
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.70
							
							
							
							
							


12/09/2011
							
0.0410
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.47
							
							
							
							
							


09/15/2011
							
0.0449
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.69
							
							
							
							
							


06/16/2011
							
0.0481
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.55
							
							
							
							
							


03/17/2011
							
0.0339
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.10
							
							
							
							
							


12/03/2010
							
0.3569
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.20
							
							
							
							
							


09/16/2010
							
0.0323
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.01
							
							
							
							
							


06/17/2010
							
0.0339
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.29
							
							
							
							
							


03/18/2010
							
0.0265
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.59
							
							
							
							
							


12/11/2009
							
0.2071
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.17
							
							
							
							
							


09/18/2009
							
0.0230
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								9.46
							
							
							
							
							


06/19/2009
							
0.0147
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								7.36
							
							
							
							
							


03/20/2009
							
0.0140
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								5.52
							
							
							
							
							


12/12/2008
							
0.0304
							
N/A
							
0.0101
							

							
							
							
								6.83
							
							
							
							
							


09/18/2008
							
0.0352
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.92
							
							
							
							
							


06/18/2008
							
0.0592
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.23
							
							
							
							
							


03/18/2008
							
0.0480
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.43
							
							
							
							
							


12/14/2007
							
0.6334
							
0.1189
							
0.3571
							

							
							
							
								13.484
							
							
							
							
							


09/20/2007
							
0.1613
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								15.711
							
							
							
							
							


06/20/2007
							
0.0510
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								15.878
							
							
							
							
							


03/20/2007
							
0.0264
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								16.621
							
							
							
							
							


12/15/2006
							
0.1843
							
0.0622
							
0.1018
							

							
							
							
								15.443
							
							
							
							
							


09/20/2006
							
0.2025
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								14.026
							
							
							
							
							


06/20/2006
							
0.0535
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								12.485
							
							
							
							
							


03/20/2006
							
0.0480
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								13.06
							
							
							
							
							


12/16/2005
							
0.0740
							
0.0037
							
0.0041
							

							
							
							
								11.541
							
							
							
							
							


09/19/2005
							
0.0540
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								11.022
							
							
							
							
							


06/20/2005
							
0.0235
							
N/A
							
N/A
							

							
							
							
								10.566
							
							
							
							
							









as of 06/30/2017
Sector Breakdown





Holdings
% of Total Net Assets




CASH/OTHER
0.90


Consumer Discretionary
0.00


Financials
0.00


Health Care
0.50


Real Estate
98.50





May not equal 100% due to rounding.
The holdings are organized according to the Global Industry Classification Standard, which was developed by and is the exclusive property and a service mark of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. and Standard & Poor's.




as of 06/30/2017
Fund Characteristics



3-Year Alpha 
-1.05%


3-Year Beta 
0.96


3-Year R-Squared 
0.99


3-Year Sharpe Ratio 
0.21


3-Year Standard Deviation 
11.79


Number of Securities
165


Total Assets
$1,695,534,621.00


Wghtd Med Mkt Cap MM$
$11,235.00





					Source:
					
					
						
					
					
					FactSet Research Systems Inc., StyleADVISOR
				

					Benchmark: 
					
					Custom Invesco Global Real Estate Index





					as of
					
						06/30/2017
					
				

					Top Equity Holdings | View all 





% of Total Assets




SIMON PROPERTY GROUP INC
3.54


EQUITY RESIDENTIAL
2.72


PUBLIC STORAGE
2.46


PROLOGIS INC
2.39


BOSTON PROPERTIES INC
2.36


AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES INC
2.30


MITSUI FUDOSAN CO LTD
2.13


MITSUBISHI ESTATE CO LTD
2.06


VORNADO REALTY TRUST
1.85


UNIBAIL RODAMCO SE
1.82




May not equal 100% due to rounding.

						Holdings are subject to change and are not buy/sell recommendations.
					




			as of
			06/30/2017
		

			Top Industries
		



 
% of Total Assets




Retail REITs
19.45


Residential REITs
11.90


Office REITs
11.62


Diversified Real Estate Activities
10.03


Real Estate Operating Companies
9.50


Diversified REITs
8.30


Industrial REITs
6.80


Specialized REITs
5.99


Real Estate Development
5.71


Health Care REITs
5.59




May not equal 100% due to rounding.
The holdings are organized according to the Global Industry Classification Standard, which was developed by and is the exclusive property and a service mark of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. and Standard & Poor's.




			as of
			06/30/2017
		

			Top Countries
		



 
% of Total Assets




United States
48.61


Japan
9.47


Hong Kong
8.24


Australia
5.10


United Kingdom
4.30


Germany
3.40


France
3.33


China
2.90


Singapore
2.80


Canada
2.37




May not equal 100% due to rounding.








Invesco Global Real Estate Fund qtly update 


						28 Jul 2017
					

Read more (68 KB)









Fund Documents

Prospectus and Fund Reports
Fact Sheet








 About risk
			 


Convertible Securities Risk. The Fund may own convertible securities, the value of which may be affected by market interest rates, the risk that the issuer will default, the value of the underlying stock or the right of the issuer to buy back the convertible securities.
Credit Risk. The issuer of instruments in which the Fund invests may be unable to meet interest and/or principal payments, thereby causing its instruments to decrease in value and lowering the issuer's credit rating.
Derivatives Risk. The value of a derivative instrument depends largely on (and is derived from) the value of an underlying security, currency, commodity, interest rate, index or other asset (each referred to as an underlying asset). In addition to risks relating to the underlying assets, the use of derivatives may include other, possibly greater, risks, including counterparty, leverage and liquidity risks. Counterparty risk is the risk that the counterparty to the derivative contract will default on its obligation to pay the Fund the amount owed or otherwise perform under the derivative contract. Derivatives create leverage risk because they do not require payment up front equal to the economic exposure created by owning the derivative. As a result, an adverse change in the value of the underlying asset could result in the Fund sustaining a loss that is substantially greater than the amount invested in the derivative, which may make the Fund's returns more volatile and increase the risk of loss. Derivative instruments may also be less liquid than more traditional investments and the Fund may be unable to sell or close out its derivative positions at a desirable time or price. This risk may be more acute under adverse market conditions, during which the Fund may be most in need of liquidating its derivative positions. Derivatives may also be harder to value, less tax efficient and subject to changing government regulation that could impact the Fund's ability to use certain derivatives or their cost. Also, derivatives used for hedging or to gain or limit exposure to a particular market segment may not provide the expected benefits, particularly during adverse market conditions.
Developing/Emerging Markets Securities Risk. The prices of securities issued by foreign companies and governments located in developing/emerging markets countries may be affected more negatively by inflation, devaluation of their currencies, higher transaction costs, delays in settlement, adverse political developments, the introduction of capital controls, withholding taxes, nationalization of private assets, expropriation, social unrest, war or lack of timely information than those in developed countries.
Foreign Securities Risk. The Fund's foreign investments may be affected by changes in a foreign country's exchange rates, political and social instability, changes in economic or taxation policies, difficulties when enforcing obligations, decreased liquidity, and increased volatility. Foreign companies may be subject to less regulation resulting in less publicly available information about the companies.
Geographic Focus Risk. From time to time the Fund may invest a substantial amount of its assets in securities of issuers located in a single country or a limited number of countries. If the Fund focuses its investments in this manner, it assumes the risk that economic, political and social conditions in those countries will have a significant impact on its investment performance. The Fund's investment performance may also be more volatile if it focuses its investments in certain countries, especially emerging markets countries.
High Yield Bond (Junk Bond) Risk. Junk bonds involve a greater risk of default or price changes due to changes in the credit quality of the issuer. The values of junk bonds fluctuate more than those of high-quality bonds in response to company, political, regulatory or economic developments. Values of junk bonds can decline significantly over short periods of time.
Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk refers to the risk that bond prices generally fall as interest rates rise; conversely, bond prices generally rise as interest rates fall. Specific bonds differ in their sensitivity to changes in interest rates depending on their individual characteristics, including duration.
Management Risk. The investment techniques and risk analysis used by the Fund's portfolio managers may not produce the desired results.
Market Risk. The prices of and the income generated by the Fund's securities may decline in response to, among other things, investor sentiment, general economic and market conditions, regional or global instability, and currency and interest rate fluctuations.
Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securities Risk. The Fund may invest in mortgage- and asset-backed securities that are subject to prepayment or call risk, which is the risk that the borrower's payments may be received earlier or later than expected due to changes in prepayment rates on underlying loans. Faster prepayments often happen when interest rates are falling. As a result, the Fund may reinvest these early payments at lower interest rates, thereby reducing the Fund's income. Conversely, when interest rates rise, prepayments may happen more slowly, causing the security to lengthen in duration. Longer duration securities tend to be more volatile. Securities may be prepaid at a price less than the original purchase value. An unexpectedly high rate of defaults on the mortgages held by a mortgage pool may adversely affect the value of mortgage-backed securities and could result in losses to the Fund. The risk of such defaults is generally higher in the case of mortgage pools that include subprime mortgages. Subprime mortgages refer to loans made to borrowers with weakened credit histories or with lower capacity to make timely payments on their mortgages.
Preferred Securities Risk. Preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, in its discretion, to defer or omit distributions for a certain period of time. If the Fund owns a security that is deferring or omitting its distributions, the Fund may be required to report the distribution on its tax returns, even though it may not have received this income. Further, preferred securities may lose substantial value due to the omission or deferment of dividend payments.
REIT Risk/Real Estate Risk. The Fund concentrates its investments in the securities of real estate and real estate related companies. Investments in real estate related instruments may be affected by economic, legal, cultural, environmental or technological factors that affect property values, rents or occupancies of real estate related to the Fund's holdings. Real estate companies, including REITs or similar structures, tend to be small and mid cap companies, and their shares may be more volatile and less liquid. The value of investments in real estate related companies may be affected by the quality of management, the ability to repay loans, the utilization of leverage and financial covenants related thereto, whether the company carries adequate insurance and environmental factors. If a real estate related company defaults, the Fund may own real estate directly, which involves the following additional risks: environmental liabilities, difficulty in valuing and selling the real estate, and economic or regulatory changes.
Short Sales Risk. Short sales may cause the Fund to repurchase a security at a higher price, thereby causing the Fund to incur a loss. A short position in a security poses more risk than holding the same security long. As there is no limit on how much the price of the security can increase, the Fund's exposure is unlimited. In order to establish a short position in a security, the Fund must borrow the security from a broker. The Fund may not always be able to borrow a security the Fund seeks to sell short at a particular time or at an acceptable price. The Fund also may not always be able to close out the short position by replacing the borrowed securities at a particular time or at an acceptable price. The Fund will incur increased transaction costs associated with selling securities short. In addition, taking short positions in securities results in a form of leverage which may cause the Fund to be volatile.
Small- and Mid-Capitalization Risks. Stocks of small- and mid-sized companies tend to be more vulnerable to adverse developments and may have little or no operating history or track record of success, and limited product lines, markets, management and financial resources. The securities of small- and mid-sized companies may be more volatile due to less market interest and less publicly available information about the issuer. They also may be illiquid or restricted as to resale, or may trade less frequently and in smaller volumes, all of which may cause difficulty when establishing or closing a position at a desirable price.







as of 07/28/2017
AGREX


NAV
Change ($)



	             		
							$13.31
						
					
0.00


N/As may appear until data is available. Data is usually updated between 3 and 6 p.m. CST.

 as of 07/28/2017
Yield&nbsp

Distribution Yield with Sales Charge  1.00% 
Distribution Yield without Sales Charge  1.05% 
SEC 30-Day Yield  
			1.37% 
Unsub. 30-day yield  N/A 



Fund Details

Distribution Frequency 
				Quarterly

					NASDAQ 
					AGREX


					WSJ Abrev. 
					N/A 


					CUSIP 
					00142C367 


					Fund Type 
					Alternative


					Geography Type
					Global 
Inception Date
				
					
					
						












	
	
		
			
			

			
		
		04/29/2005
	



					Fiscal Year End 
					
02/28


					Min Initial Investment 
					
						
						
							$1,000
						
						
					

Subsequent Investment
				$50
Min Initial IRA Investment
				$250

Fund Number
				1621 
Tax ID
				20-2433362

































You are now leaving invesco.com. Invesco does not guarantee any claims or assume any responsibility for any of the content.

Continue

 









North America

 United States
 Canada (English)
 Canada (Francais)



United Kingdom

 United Kingdom
 Isle of Man
 Jersey
 Guernsey



Asia-Pacific

 Australia
 China
 Hong Kong
 Japan
 Taiwan



Europe

 Europe



Middle East

 Dubai



United States ^ Collapse




Invesco US
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc.




Canada (English) ^ Collapse


Individual Investors

Investor Site



Financial Intermediaries

Advisor Site



Institutional Investors

Institutional Site




Canada (Francais) ^ Collapse


Investisseurs

Investisseurs



Intermédiaries Financiers

Conseillers






 Corporate Home





 Quick links


Log in


 My Sales Data


My Rep Contacts


Share



Feedback













Mutual Funds: Global Real Estate Investment Fund | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund 
								 









Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Interest Rate Risk: As interest rates rise, bond prices fall and vice versa―long-term securities tend to rise and fall more than short-term securities. The values of mortgage-related and asset-backed securities are particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates due to prepayment risk.
Credit Risk: A bond’s credit rating reflects the issuer’s ability to make timely payments of interest or principal―the lower the rating, the higher the risk of default. If the issuer’s financial strength deteriorates, the issuer’s rating may be lowered and the bond’s value may decline.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Leverage Risk: Trying to enhance investment returns by borrowing money or using other leverage tools―magnify both gains and losses, resulting in greater volatility.
REIT Risk: Investments in real estate can decline due to a variety of factors affecting the real estate market, such as economic conditions, mortgage rates and availability. REITs may have additional risks due to limited diversification and the impact of tax law changes.
Derivatives Risk: Investing in derivative instruments such as options, futures, forwards or swaps can be riskier than traditional investments, and may be more volatile, especially in a down market.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Check the background of AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































