




Global View Film Fund - Other- Francis  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Global View Film Fund

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    10960 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite #1700  
    Los Angeles, CA, 90024Phone: 310-459-8464 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-04


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-09-21


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2014-09-24


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2013-09-06


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06


SEC link




	2012-09-24


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06


SEC link




	2011-10-17


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Wade Francis 
 Executive 


 Mark J Gordon 
 Executive 


 David Gordon 
 Executive 





















 













 




Global View Film Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:02 PM ET

Company Overview of Global View Film Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Global View Film Fund is based in Los Angeles, California.


10960 Wilshire BoulevardSuite 1700Los Angeles, CA 90024United States



Phone: 310-459-8464








Key Executives for Global View Film Fund


Global View Film Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global View Film Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 

Global View Film Fund raised funds  on September 21st, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/373242-global-view-film-fundsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=373242  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Global View Film Fund raised funds  on September 21st, 2015.Get alertedif Global View Film Fund gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Global View Film FundInvestors:-Industry:OtherCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaLos AngelesKey people:Wade Francis (Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) David Gordon (Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Mark Gordon (Executive Officer, Executive_Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Global View Film Fund (0001532641) (Filer)Description:The date of the investment is September 21st, 2015.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





Global View Capital Management - Multi-Manager Platform



 







































Home

Who We Are
Core Beliefs
Transformational Leadership
Dina Fliss
Dave Morton


Investment Philosophy

ReDefine RiskTM
ReConstruct Your PortfolioTM
ReImagine Your BenchmarkTM



Investment Programs

Multi Manager Platform
GTAC
Advice Direct
Global View Sub-Advised Strategies
Global Macro Equity
Global Macro Income
Tactical Emerging Markets
Tactical Hard Asset




Fund

















Investment Programs

Investment Programs
Multi Manager Platform
GTAC
Advice Direct


GVCM Sub-Advised Strategies

GlobalView Portfolio Strategies (GPS)
Global Macro Equity - Tactical
Global Macro Income - Tactical
Tactical Emerging Markets
Tactical Hard Assets








Investment Advisory Services:

- Unified Managed Accounts
- Multi-Strategy Portfolios
- Mutual Fund Wrap Program
- ETF Index Portfolios
- Tactical & Strategic ETF Strategies
- Dimensional Fund Advisors (DFA) Fund Solution
- Variable Insurance Sub-Account Portfolios
- Employer-Sponsored Retirement
Investment Options

Investment Options:

- Exchange Traded Funds
- Mutual Funds
- Individual Stocks & Bonds
- Municipal Bonds
- Master Limited Partnerships
- Variable Insurance Sub-Accounts

Investment Methodologies:

- Tactical Analysis Approach
- Strategic Analysis Approach
- Dynamic Analysis Approach
- Traditional Modern Portfolio Approach

Quick Facts:

- Over 35 Money Manager Firms
- Over 100 Separately Managed Account Strategies
- Over 75 Focused Fund Selections
Account Minimums
- $25,000
Management Account Fee Schedule
- 1% Program Fee plus Maximum
- Up to 1.4% Advisor Fee
  




Fact Sheets
Downloads available for financial professionals only.



Global View Capital Management & Summit Advisor Solutions
Executive Summary


A TEAM YOU CAN
COUNT ON



Global View Capital Management, Ltd
An SEC-Registered Investment Advisor, Global View Capital Management offers a unified managed account program with over 100 managed account strategies offered from 35 institutional money management firms. GVCM is the portfolio manager for the Globalview Tactical Asset Allocation model portfolios (GTACTM). The strategy employed is known widely by institutional firms who have been able to access the broad asset class spectrum globally. The advancements in technology, trading platforms and exchange-traded products have enabled the average investor to access asset classes and trading strategies that were not previously available for the average retail investor until recently. The actively managed, non–correlated strategies, when combined in one simple portfolio, deliver a highly sophisticated form of diversification with an emphasis on downside protection.



Summit Advisor Solutions
Summit Advisor Solutions (SAS) is an investment and technology platform provider to RIA firms across the country. At of the end of 2014 SAS has over $1.8 billion in advisory assets on its platform, has 50 employees and is growing rapidly. The union of SCA and Argentus Partners in 2014 resulted in a strong combination of cutting-edge technology and a comprehensive array of investment solutions including access to direct alternative strategies through delivery systems designed around the needs of retail advisors and their clients. In addition, SAS adheres to the Global Investment Performance Standard (GIPS®).



Our Custodians:














Our Money Managers:








































































Home
Investment Philosophy
Investment Programs


Fund




GVConnect LoginAdvice Direct Login
My Global View Login
Online Payment





www.gvcaponline.com



www.gvcmanagement.com



www.globalviewfunds.com



www.gvcadvisors.com



Disclosures:
Global View Capital Management is an SEC Registered Investment Advisor. Corporate Headquarters: Stone Ridge III Business Center, Suite 350, Waukesha, WI 53188  |  262.650.1030.

Global Markets Map Source: Investors Fast Track, MSCI.com, AdviserGuide. Information contained in this material is intended solely for informational purposes only and is not an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security, index, mutual fund or Exchange Traded Fund (ETF); nor to offer investment advice. It is intended to show as a percentage the Year to Date changes in global stock markets. GVCM does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor does GVCM assume any liability for any loss that may result from reliance by any person upon any such information or opinions. Such information and opinions are subject to change without notice and are for general information only and is not a complete analysis of every material fact. All investment strategies involve the risk of financial loss. Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk. Therefore, it should not be assumed that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended and/or undertaken by Global View Capital Management, Ltd.), or any non-investment related services, will be profitable, equal any historical performance level(s), be suitable for your portfolio or individual situation, or prove successful.



Global View Capital Management, LTD
N14 W23833 Stone Ridge Drive, Suite 350Waukesha, WI 53188
Phone: 262.650.1030
Toll Free: 888.799.GVCA or 888.799.4822
Fax: 262.650.1085
Contact Us




©2014 Global View Capital Advisors, LTD.       FAQs   |   ADV Part 2B

  Wrap Fee Brochure


 
 



 

Global View Film Fund - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/56509-global-view-film-fundsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=56509  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Global View Film FundCompany DetailsGet alertedif Global View Film Fund gets funded!Global View Film FundFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaLos AngelesIndustry:Other Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors September 21st, 2015Undisclosed-View DealSeptember 24th, 2012Undisclosed-View DealOctober 17th, 2011Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Global View Film Fund gets funded?Key peopleWade FrancisExecutive Officer, Executive_OfficerDavid GordonExecutive Officer, Executive_OfficerMark GordonExecutive Officer, Executive_OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started


























































Financial & Retirement Planners, Fee-Only Advisors | Greenville SC












































 













Connect With Us


















864-272-0818
























                Global View Investment Advisors is an Independent, Fee-Only, Wealth Management, Financial Advisory & Retirement Planning Firm, Serving Global Clients from Downtown Greenville, South Carolina.            





Independent, Fee-Only Financial Planners Dedicated to Making Your Retirement Goals a Reality
Since our founding we have helped our investment & retirement planning clients navigate volatile financial markets, constantly learning along the way, dedicating resources to getting the best possible research, and implementing strategies to reduce risk during volatile times. We have leveraged the experience we gained working in the world’s financial centers (New York, London, Frankfurt, Moscow) to put together investment & financial planning solutions we believe will help our clients navigate these volatile times. We believe the quality of our work will take a backseat to no one.
Learn More About Our Retirement Planning Services

Request a Free Financial & Retirement Planning Consultation










 
 
 


















From The Blog




Fooling Yourself Is Not a Winning Strategy (When it Comes to Life or Investing)
            If you are like everyone I know you are good at fooling yourself. It’s...        


Why we are using Interval Funds like Pimco Flexible Credit Income and Rivernorth Market Opportunities
            Clients who own shares of Pimco Flexible Credit Income or Rivernorth Market Opportunities may...        


What does retirement mean to you? Al Smith, Smith’s Jewelry Store – Age 88
            At the age of 88, Al Smith went to work five days a week....        


Amazon Purchase of Whole Foods:  Buy N Large (Wall-E) or “Conscious Capitalism”?
            Amazon’s stated vision is “to be the earth’s most customer-centric company; to build a...        
 





 
Certified Financial Planners
We take into account your complete financial picture to help you create a smart plan for the future.


 



 
Unbiased Financial Perspective
You need an advisor with your best interest in mind. We don’t sell products, so we aren’t motivated to sell you what you don’t need. Our advice comes from an unbiased perspective so you get the guidance you need.


 



 
Proven Investment Strategy
With the experience gained working in the world’s financial centers (New York, London, Frankfurt, Moscow), our team has the financial and retirement planning expertise to help you make smart financial decisions.


 





Request A Free Consultation
We offer potential clients a free, no-pressure consultation to get to know each other. We learn about your situation and your goals, and you learn about our practice. If we believe we can help achieve your goals, we will explain how.
Our clients know what they’re getting: no sales pressure and no hidden fees. Our interests are always aligned with yours. Let’s start a conversation about how we can make your financial goals a reality.
We don’t sell products so any conversation is purely informational. 


Call Us For a 5 Minute, No Pressure Consultation

864.272.0818



Let Us Call You at Your Convenience

























Request More Information











 

 

 

 









Subscribe To Our Newsletter













1+1=? 







Connect With Us

          















            Global View Investment Advisors, LLC » 864.272.0818 » 888.389.6339 » 420 E. Park Ave., Suite 303, 
Greenville, SC  29601 » Legal Information

Mount Pleasant, SC Office | 843.605.4604 | 4000 S. Faber Place Dr., Suite 300 , Charleston, SC 29405 
Columbia, SC Office | 803.610.2958 | 102 Longford Court, Lexington, SC 29072
Raleigh, NC Office | 919-648-2955 | 1000 Centre Green Way, Suite 200, Cary, NC 27513








Web Design & Development by The Whitaker Group. A Digital Marketing Firm 




























































 



 Global X Funds Launches Founder-Run Companies ETF 
         










    










 













 











 



















Global X Funds Launches Founder-Run Companies ETF
        																																						
              
















 News provided by
Global X Funds  
Feb 15, 2017, 10:05 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global X Funds, the New York-based provider of exchange-traded funds (ETFs), today launched the Global X Founder-Run Companies ETF (BATS: BOSS). Tracking the Solactive U.S. Founder-Run Companies Index, BOSS will hold a basket primarily consisting of U.S. large and mid-cap companies led by CEOs who are the original founders of their firms. The fund will be the fourth in Global X's "Alpha" suite of funds, designed with the aim of delivering market-beating returns.








The founder/CEOs of companies currently held in BOSS boast 10 times higher equity ownership in their companies than the average S&P 500 CEO.i Further, in-depth studies have concluded that founder/CEOs instill an owner's mindset in their firms, which consists of a unique set of core practices, values, and attitudes that can positively influence their company's success over the long term.ii 
"Bringing BOSS to market reinforces our goal of providing unique solutions for investors that are based on academic research and sound index construction," said Alex Ashby, director of product development at Global X. "Founders bring a unique vision and innovative culture to their companies that we believe will translate into more sustainable long-term growth." 
High equity ownership, bolstered by an emotional attachment to a company they have grown from the start, may cause founder/CEOs to take a longer term view of growing their businesses. For example, these companies tend to avoid excess indebtedness, averaging 52% lower debt-to-equity ratios than the average S&P 500 company.iii
ABOUT GLOBAL X 
Seeking to provide access to high-quality and cost-efficient investment solutions, Global X is a New York-based sponsor of exchange-traded funds (ETFs).  Founded in 2008, we are distinguished by our smart core, income, alpha, risk management and access suites of ETFs and have more than 50 funds available across U.S. and foreign exchanges. Global X is recognized as a leader in developing intelligent investment solutions for our clients.
DISCLOSURE
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. The investable universe of companies in which the Fund may invest may be limited. The Fund is non-diversified.
Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at the close of the exchange and does not represent the returns an investor would receive if shares were trade at other times. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. NAVs are calculated using prices as of 4:00 PM Eastern Time.
Carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Fund's summary or full prospectus, which may be obtained by calling 1-888-GX-FUND-1 (1.888.493.8631), or by visiting www.globalxfunds.com.
Solactive Indexes have been licensed by Solactive AG for use by Global X Management Company, LLC. Global X Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold, or promoted by Solactive AG, nor does this company make any representations regarding the advisability of investing in the Global X Funds.
Global X Management Company, LLC serves as an advisor to the Global X Funds. The Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO, 1 Freedom Valley Drive, Oaks, PA, 19456), which is not affiliated with Global X Management Company, LLC.
i Source: Bloomberg. CEO equity ownership data as of 1/18/2017  ii Source: https://hbr.org/2016/03/founder-led-companies-outperform-the-rest-heres-why  iii Source: Bloomberg. Debt to equity ratio data as of 1/18/2017
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-x-funds-launches-founder-run-companies-etf-300407923.html
SOURCE Global X Funds



 

















Mar 03, 2017, 17:30 ET
Preview: Global X Funds Announces Reverse Share Split For Global X MSCI Nigeria ETF




















Dec 02, 2016, 16:35 ET
Preview: Global X Funds Announces Index And Name Change For Portugal ETF








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 13, 2017, 09:43 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Global X Funds' Robotics and Artificial Intelligence ETF (BOTZ)...








 











Jun 05, 2017, 09:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Global X Names ETF Industry Veteran Jon Maier Chief Investment...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Mutual Funds








 You just read:
Global X Funds Launches Founder-Run Companies ETF


 News provided by
Global X Funds  
Feb 15, 2017, 10:05 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


