






						Deutsche Global High Income Fund (LBF) Is At $8.76 Formed Wedge, Allstate (ALL) Sentiment Is 0.97 - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Deutsche Global High Income Fund (LBF) Is At $8.76 Formed Wedge, Allstate (ALL) Sentiment Is 0.97


					
						July 28, 2017 - By Ellis Scott

Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (LBF) formed wedge up with $9.37 target or 7.00% above today’s $8.76 share price. Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (LBF) has $56.79M valuation. The stock decreased 0.23% or $0.02 on July 27, reaching $8.76. About shares traded. Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF) has risen 7.76% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 8.94% the S&P500.







The Allstate Corporation is a holding firm for Allstate Insurance Company. The company has market cap of $32.69 billion. The Company’s business is conducted principally through Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company and other subsidiaries. It has a 15.16 P/E ratio. It is engaged in the property-liability insurance business and the life insurance, retirement and investment products business.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.5 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.93, from 1.43 in 2016Q3. It fall, as 1 investors sold Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc shares while 9 reduced holdings. 2 funds opened positions while 3 raised stakes. 2.39 million shares or 7.37% more from 2.23 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Blue Bell Private Wealth Lc holds 0.01% or 1,200 shares in its portfolio. Sii Invests Wi invested 0.05% of its portfolio in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF). Css Ltd Llc Il reported 0.01% in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF). Lpl Fincl Limited Liability Corp holds 0% in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF) or 15,034 shares. Endurance Wealth Management has invested 0% of its portfolio in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF). Rivernorth Cap Management Limited Com has 0.08% invested in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF) for 155,394 shares. 349,404 were accumulated by Raymond James And Associates. Doliver Capital Advisors owns 21,768 shares. National Bank & Trust Of America De stated it has 30,800 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Sit Inv Associate Incorporated has 0.14% invested in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF) for 656,556 shares. Creative Planning holds 0% or 300 shares in its portfolio. Icon Advisers invested 0.18% in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF). Advsrs Asset Mgmt holds 0% or 1,596 shares in its portfolio. Citigroup stated it has 0% in Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (NYSE:LBF). Wells Fargo Co Mn, a California-based fund reported 95,193 shares.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 insider purchases, and 12 sales for $23.52 million activity. 
Taylor Asset Management Inc holds 9.06% of its portfolio in Allstate Corp for 418,900 shares. Wilsey Asset Management Inc owns 131,510 shares or 6.87% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Bruce & Co. Inc. has 6.46% invested in the company for 333,800 shares. The Virginia-based Edgar Lomax Co Va has invested 4.4% in the stock. Benin Management Corp, a Connecticut-based fund reported 116,987 shares.
The stock increased 0.31% or $0.28 during the last trading session, reaching $89.68. About shares traded. Allstate Corp (ALL) has risen 25.87% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 9.17% the S&P500.
Ratings analysis reveals 50% of Allstate’s analysts are positive. Out of 2 Wall Street analysts rating Allstate, 1 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 1 recommend “Hold”. ALL was included in 3 notes of analysts from January 6, 2017. The stock of Allstate Corp (NYSE:ALL) earned “Buy” rating by Goldman Sachs on Tuesday, January 10. The stock has “Neutral” rating by Credit Suisse on Friday, January 6.








By Ellis Scott
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.














































  GHI Quote - Global High Income Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Global High Income Fund Inc   GHI:US      Liquidated   GHI:US was liquidated   USD                          


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 04/01/2016)   187.881    Inception Date   10/08/1993    Premium/Discount   -0.12%    Average 52-Week Premium   -    Fund Managers   FEDERICO KAUNE    Last Dividend (on 04/12/2016)   8.6886    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   1.28%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        UV980880:COR   AUTOPA 4.95 07/29/35    0.00 1.00 N/A      UV931068:COR   COLOM 4 ½ 01/28/26    0.00 1.00 N/A      UV833827:COR   CDEL 4 ½ 09/16/25    0.00 1.00 N/A      UV349087:COR   JAMAN 6 ¾ 04/28/28    0.00 1.00 N/A      UV312101:COR   EXIMUK 9 ¾ 01/22/25    0.00 1.00 N/A      QJ781381:COR   UKRAIN 7 ¾ 09/01/27    0.00 1.00 N/A      QJ781379:COR   UKRAIN 7 ¾ 09/01/26    0.00 1.00 N/A      QJ781372:COR   UKRAIN 7 ¾ 09/01/25    0.00 1.00 N/A      QJ781362:COR   UKRAIN 7 ¾ 09/01/24    0.00 1.00 N/A           Profile   Global High Income Fund Inc is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks a high level of current income. The Fund invests primarily in U.S. dollar-denominated debt securities of issuers located in emerging market countries.    Address  UBS Global Asset Management51 West 52nd StreetNew York, NY 10019-6114USA   Phone  1-800-647-1568   Website   www.ubs.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























WA Global High Income Fund | Legg Mason











































                                                Americas International
                                            




                                                Australia
                                            




                                                Austria
                                            




                                                Belgique -  Français
                                            




                                                België -  Nederlands
                                            




                                                China - 中文
                                            






                                                Danmark
                                            




                                                Finland
                                            




                                                France
                                            




                                                Deutschland
                                            




                                                Greece - ελληνικά
                                            




                                                Hong Kong - English
                                            




                                                Hong Kong - 中文
                                            




                                                Italia
                                            




                                                Japan - 日本人
                                            




                                                Luxembourg
                                            




                                                Malta
                                            




                                                Nederland
                                            




                                                Nordics
                                            




                                                Norge
                                            




                                                Polska
                                            




                                                Portugal
                                            




                                                Singapore
                                            




                                                España
                                            




                                                Sverige
                                            




                                                Suisse - Français
                                            




                                                Die Schweiz - Deutsch
                                            




                                                Taiwan - 中文
                                            




                                                United Kingdom
                                            




                                                United States
                                            




Login
Register




Contact Us

Shareholders 

Account Access
How to Invest
Forms & Applications
Tax Center


About 

Overview
Culture
Management Team
Investment Affiliates
Newsroom
Careers
Investor Relations






























Products


General Results


Literature















Close 


THIS CONTENT IS FOR FINANCIAL ADVISORS ONLY



REGISTER
Please register to access vital insights and resources created exclusively for financial advisors.

ALREADY REGISTERED?
Welcome back! LOG IN.








































EHI - Western Asset Global High Income Fund Inc.

	
	        		COMMON (EHI)
           	













Print



 
Share



















Overview 










Highlights





Provides a global, leveraged portfolio of investment grade, below investment grade and emerging market fixed income securities
Seeks high current income, with a secondary objective of total return
Emphasizes team management and extensive credit research expertise to identify attractively priced securities 














		    	meet your
		    	
		    	managers











 One of the world’s leading global fixed income managers. Founded in 1971, the firm is known for team management, proprietary research and long-term fundamental value approach. 












Meet Your Managers
Western Asset uses a team-based approach to managing your Fund.
One of the world's largest and leading fixed-income managers, Western Asset has focused exclusively on fixed income since its founding in 1971. They offer investors a broad range of core and specialized bond portfolios from across the fixed-income universe, all managed using a long-term, value-oriented investment process.
Legg Mason's unique structure provides you with access to this specialized expertise. We offer a powerful portfolio of solutions through our independent investment management firms.






















To find out more about the EHI - Western Asset Global High Income Fund Inc., talk to your financial advisor.
Learn more about how to invest with Legg Mason 









		What I Should Know 
Before Investing




All investments are subject to risks, including the possible loss of principal. The Fund's investments are subject to credit risk, inflation risk, and interest rate risk. As interest rates rise, bond prices fall, reducing the value of the Fund's share price. The Fund may invest in lower-rated high yield bonds which are subject to greater credit risk (risk of default) than higher-rated obligations. Investments in foreign securities involve risks, including the possibility of losses due to changes in currency exchange rates and negative developments in the political, economic, or regulatory structure of specific countries or regions. These risks are greater in emerging markets. Leverage may result in greater volatility of NAV and the market price of common shares and increases a shareholder's risk of loss. The Fund may make significant investments in derivative instruments. Derivative instruments can be illiquid, may disproportionately increase losses, and have a potentially large impact on Fund.

Distributions are not guaranteed and are subject to change.

Tapering of the Federal Reserve Board’s quantitative easing program and a general rise in interest rates may lead to increased portfolio volatility. 























			Literature
		









Fact Sheet












Product



Fact Sheet






1Q17 Broad Market Overview and Outlook






Multi-Fund Guide









Related Documents



Semi-Annual Report






Annual Report






Distribution Timing Change for Closed End Funds






Proxy Voting






SEC Filing









Other



Distribution Reclassifications (2016)






QDI for Individual Shareholders (2016)






2016 Closed-End Fund Distribution Summary






2015 Closed-End Fund Distribution Summary






2014 Closed-End Fund Distribution Summary






2013 Closed-End Funds Distribution Summary















Top 







 Performance 






Performance








IMPORTANT PERFORMANCE INFORMATION: Performance shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Returns based on Market Price or NAV, and assume the reinvestment of all distributions at the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Price or NAV, respectively. All returns include the deduction of management fees, operating expenses and all other fund expenses, and do not reflect the deduction of brokerage commissions or taxes that investors may pay on distributions or the sale of shares. Returns for periods of less than one year are not annualized.

 Net Asset Value (NAV) is total assets less total liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding.

 Market Price, determined by supply and demand, is the price an investor purchases or sells the fund. The Market Price may differ from a fund’s NAV.
*Distribution rate is calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution amount paid, excluding special distributions, divided by the closing market price or NAV. As of 06/30/2017, the fund estimates that the distributions will be paid from: 98.20% investment income;0.00% realized capital gains; and, 1.80% return of capital. The Distribution Rate is subject to change and is not a quotation of Fund performance. The Board of Directors may terminate or suspend the managed distribution policy at any time. Any such termination or suspension could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Fund's shares. A return of capital is not taxable and results in a reduction in the tax basis of a shareholder's investment. For more information about a distribution's composition refer to the Fund's distribution press release or, if applicable, the Section 19 notice located in the Press Releases section below.



























A NOTE ABOUT FEES & EXPENSES: Based on the Fund’s net assets of the common shares, as of the most recent Annual Report.
Management fees: Under the investment management agreement, the Fund pays an annual fee, paid monthly, as a portion of the Fund's average daily Managed Assets. “Managed Assets” are defined as net assets plus the amount of any borrowing, including loans from certain financial institutions and/or the issuance of debt securities (collectively, “Borrowings”), and assets attributable to any preferred stock (“Preferred Stock”) that may be outstanding. Please see the fund’s Annual Report for more information on expenses.


Expense ratio shown reflects a voluntary investment management fee waiver/or expense reimbursements by the fund's investment adviser which can be modified or discontinued at any time without notice. Absent the fee waiver/or expense reimbursements, expenses would be higher and total returns would be less. See the fund’s Annual Report for information on expenses and waivers.








Top 







 Characteristics 






characteristics












IMPORTANT CHARACTERISTICS INFORMATION: Portfolio characteristics and holdings are subject to change at any time. Percentages are based on total portfolio as of quarter-end and are subject to change at any time. For informational purposes only and not to be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell any security. Negative allocations and allocations in excess of 100% are primarily due to the Fund's unsettled trade activity.
The difference between total assets and net assets, if any, is due primarily to the Fund’s use of borrowings and other liabilities; net assets do not include borrowings. The Fund may employ leverage in the form of loans, preferred stock, reverse repurchase agreements and/or other instruments. When the Fund engages in transactions that have a leveraging effect on the Fund’s portfolio, the value of the Fund will be more volatile and all other risks will tend to be compounded. 

Percentages are based on total portfolio as of quarter-end and are subject to change at any time. For informational purposes only and not to be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell any security. Negative allocations and allocations in excess of 100% are primarily due to the Fund's unsettled trade activity.
 


Weighted Average Life (WAL) is the average number of years for which each dollar of unpaid principal on a loan or mortgage remains outstanding. Once calculated, WAL tells how many years it will take to pay half of the outstanding principal. 


Effective duration is a duration calculation for bonds with embedded options. Effective duration takes into account that expected cash flows will fluctuate as interest rates change. Duration measures the sensitivity of price (the value of principal) of a fixed-income investment to a change in interest rates. The higher the duration number, the more sensitive a fixed-income investment will be to interest rate changes.


Credit quality is a measure of a bond issuer's ability to repay interest and principal in a timely manner. The credit ratings shown are based on each portfolio security's rating as provided by Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and/or Fitch Ratings, Ltd. and typically range from AAA (highest) to D (lowest). For this purpose, if two or more of the agencies have assigned differing ratings to a security, the lowest rating is used. Securities that are unrated by all three agencies are reflected as such. The credit quality of the investments in the Fund's portfolio does not apply to the stability or safety of the Fund. These ratings are updated monthly and may change over time. Please note, the Fund itself has not been rated by an independent rating agency.








Top 







 Holdings 






Holdings









IMPORTANT HOLDINGS INFORMATION: Portfolio holdings are based on total portfolio, and are subject to change at any time. Holdings are provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a recommendation to purchase or sell any security. Any negative allocations or allocations in excess of 100% are primarily due to unsettled trade activities.
Derivatives, such as options and futures, which can be illiquid, may disproportionately increase losses and have a potentially large impact on Fund performance.








Top 







 Distributions 






Distributions









IMPORTANT DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION: Distributions paid by the Fund may be comprised of income, capital gains, and/or return of capital. At year-end the Fund will issue a Form 1099 with the final composition of the distribution for tax purposes. A current estimate of the distribution's composition can be found in the performance section on this page or in the most recent distribution press release and/or Section 19 notice located in the press release section below. The Distribution Rate is not guaranteed, subject to change, and is not a quotation of Fund performance. A return of capital is not taxable and results in a reduction in the tax basis of a shareholder's investment.
Legg Mason, Inc., its affiliates and its employees are not in the business of providing tax or legal advice to taxpayers. These materials and any tax-related statements are not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used or relied upon, by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties. Tax-related statements, if any, may have been written in connection with the "promotion or marketing" of the transaction(s) or matter(s) addressed by these materials, to the extent allowed by applicable law. Any taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 








Top 








 Press Releases 






Press Releases





IMPORTANT INFORMATION: All investments involve risk, including loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please see each product’s web page for specific details regarding investment objective, risks associated with hedge funds, alternative investments and other risks, performance and other important information. Review this information carefully before you make any investment decision.
The Closed-End Funds are not sold or distributed by Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC ("LMIS") or any affiliate of Legg Mason, Inc. Unlike open-end funds, shares are not continually offered. Like other public companies, closed-end funds have a one-time initial public offering, and once their shares are first issued, are generally bought and sold through non-affiliated broker/dealers and trade on nationally recognized stock exchanges. Share prices will fluctuate with market conditions and, at the time of sale, may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of exchange-traded closed-end funds may trade at a discount or premium to their original offering price, and often trade at a discount to their net asset value. Net Asset Value (NAV) is total assets less total liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding. Market Price, determined by supply and demand, is the price an investor purchases or sells the fund. Investment return, market price and net asset value will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. The Funds are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of principal invested.




Top 









 Commentary 





 Commentary






Top 
















Close 


You are leaving www.leggmason.com and being directed to a new site.





Decline
Accept








Close 



Email to a Friend




 
 

Firm Approvals
 


Thank you. Your message has been sent.




  






Your Name:






Your Email:







                    Firm Name :
                



                            Select your firm or "OTHER" if firm is not listed
                        






                    Your Firm'sName :
                







Recipient Name:






Recipient Email:







Subject:






Message:








 Send a copy to my email address


















  Send Now





This link leads to a website that is intended for U.S. investors only. The products and services described on the website are not available to non-U.S. investors. Non-U.S. investors should disregard this email. Legg Mason takes no liability for the onward transmission of this material. All investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal.
Investors should consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Find this and other information in each fund's prospectus or if available, summary prospectus on the product specific pages of this website. Read it carefully before investing.
An investment in a money market fund is neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although a money market fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC is a subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc. | 100 First Stamford Place | Stamford, CT | 06902 © 2016 Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC. Member FINRA, SIPC
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS: NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE














DID YOU KNOW THAT YOUR INTERNET BROWSER IS OUT OF DATE?
Your browser is out of date and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Note: If you are seeing this pop up in Internet Explorer and are running version 8 or higher, please go into Tools (ALT+T), and then to Compatibility View Settings and make sure "Display Intranet Sites in Compatibility View" is not checked.
 











Upgrade Explorer










Get Firefox
 








Get Chrome
 










By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded.
 







Close This Window














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started


























































 



 AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Monthly And Special Distributions 
         










    










 













 











 



















AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Monthly And Special Distributions
        																																
              











 News provided by
AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc.  
Dec 14, 2016, 16:06 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Dec. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. (NYSE:   AWF), a closed‑end management investment company, declared on this date, December 14, 2016, a monthly income distribution of $0.081 per share of Common Stock.  The distribution of $0.081 is payable on January 20, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on December 28, 2016.  Ex‑date will be December 23, 2016.








The distribution, which is deemed to be received by shareholders in 2016 for federal income tax purposes, represents full payment of the $0.081 January 2017 distribution so as to enable the Fund to comply with the Internal Revenue Code's minimum distribution requirements for the current year.
AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. is managed by AllianceBernstein L.P.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alliancebernstein-global-high-income-fund-inc-monthly-and-special-distributions-300378494.html
SOURCE AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.alliancebernstein.com



 












Dec 16, 2016, 10:38 ET
Preview: Revised Press Release Regarding AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Monthly Distribution













Nov 25, 2016, 16:06 ET
Preview: AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Earnings






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

May 26, 2017, 16:06 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Reports Fourth...








 

Feb 24, 2017, 16:06 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Reports Third...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Dividends








 You just read:
AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. Monthly And Special Distributions


 News provided by
AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc.  
Dec 14, 2016, 16:06 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


