

























Global Endowment Management LP Has $379,000 Position in Deere & Company (DE) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Deere & Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Deere & Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Itron’s (ITRI) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird
Raymond James Financial’s (RJF) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Instinet
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Clearbridge Investments LLC Lowers Stake in Prudential Financial, Inc. (PRU)
Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Position Held by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in FirstEnergy Corporation (FE)
Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Stake Increased by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in AECOM (ACM)
DnB Asset Management AS Invests $584,000 in Zions Bancorporation (ZION)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $256,000 Stake in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $241,000 Position in Comerica Incorporated (CMA)
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Raises Position in Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (MNR)
DnB Asset Management AS Has $539,000 Stake in FirstEnergy Corporation (FE)
Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Position Maintained by DnB Asset Management AS
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Maintains Stake in Ameren Corporation (AEE)
DnB Asset Management AS Has $554,000 Stake in Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT)
Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Has $483,000 Stake in eBay Inc. (EBAY)
PTC Inc. (NASDAQ:PTC) Receives $62.43 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages


 


Global Endowment Management LP Has $379,000 Position in Deere & Company (DE)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Global Endowment Management LP increased its stake in shares of Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) by 7.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 3,490 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 230 shares during the period. Global Endowment Management LP’s holdings in Deere & were worth $379,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new stake in Deere & during the fourth quarter worth approximately $26,810,000. RMB Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Deere & during the fourth quarter worth approximately $341,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in Deere & by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 771,587 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $79,503,000 after buying an additional 39,041 shares in the last quarter. USA Financial Portformulas Corp acquired a new stake in Deere & during the fourth quarter worth approximately $604,000. Finally, Whalerock Point Partners LLC boosted its stake in Deere & by 31.4% in the fourth quarter. Whalerock Point Partners LLC now owns 5,650 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $582,000 after buying an additional 1,350 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 67.33% of the company’s stock. 




Deere & Company (NYSE DE) opened at 126.55 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $40.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.78 and a beta of 0.66. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $125.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $114.48. Deere & Company has a 52-week low of $76.73 and a 52-week high of $129.00. Deere & also saw some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Stock traders bought 731 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 255% compared to the typical volume of 206 call options.


 Get Deere & Company alerts:



Deere & (NYSE:DE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 19th. The industrial products company reported $2.49 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.70 by $0.79. The company had revenue of $7.26 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.27 billion. Deere & had a net margin of 6.52% and a return on equity of 24.85%. Deere &’s quarterly revenue was up 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.56 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Deere & Company will post $6.30 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a $0.60 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.90%. Deere &’s payout ratio is 43.24%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/global-endowment-management-lp-has-379000-position-in-deere-company-de.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have commented on the company. BidaskClub raised Deere & from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $125.00 price target on shares of Deere & in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Berenberg Bank decreased their price target on Deere & from $100.00 to $90.00 and set a “sell” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Citigroup Inc. raised their price target on Deere & from $145.00 to $150.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $100.00 price target on Deere & and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Sunday, June 4th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $122.24.
In other Deere & news, insider Cory J. Reed sold 4,936 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $128.00, for a total value of $631,808.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 9,903 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,267,584. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Samuel R. Allen sold 62,704 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $125.00, for a total transaction of $7,838,000.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 333,492 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $41,686,500. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 105,612 shares of company stock valued at $13,149,023. 0.75% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Deere & Company Profile
Deere & Company is engaged in equipment operations. The Company is engaged in providing financial services. The Company operates through three business segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. The agriculture and turf segment manufactures and distributes a line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Deere & Company (NYSE:DE).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Deere & Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deere & Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























﻿
























Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Stake Maintained by Global Endowment Management LP - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Clorox Company (The)
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Clorox Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Stake Maintained by Global Endowment Management LP
Geode Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Univar Inc. (UNVR)
Geode Capital Management LLC Has $21.68 Million Stake in USG Corporation (NYSE:USG)
Geode Capital Management LLC Buys 911,407 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW)
Geode Capital Management LLC Buys 74,611 Shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP)
UBS AG Analysts Give Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) a GBX 85 Price Target
Vanguard Group Inc. Raises Position in First Financial Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FFIN)
Bernard J. Clark Sells 400 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Stock
Scout24 AG (ETR:G24) Receives €38.10 Consensus PT from Brokerages
Pearson plc’s (LON:PSON) “Equal weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC
Rightmove Plc (LON:RMV) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY) Position Held by Ruffer LLP
Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal weight Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY)
Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU)
Head-To-Head Comparison: SEI Investments (NASDAQ:SEIC) vs. Silvercrest Asset Management Group (SAMG)
Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share
Craig Hallum Reiterates $65.00 Price Target for PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Lindsay Corporation Increased by Seaport Global Securities (NYSE:LNN)
Christian Bourcier Sells 10,000 Shares of Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Stock
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Receives $135.25 Consensus Target Price from Analysts


 


Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Stake Maintained by Global Endowment Management LP

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Global Endowment Management LP held its stake in Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,450 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Global Endowment Management LP’s holdings in Clorox Company (The) were worth $330,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Clorox Company (The) by 4.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 14,164,716 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,909,829,000 after buying an additional 649,766 shares in the last quarter. Parnassus Investments CA bought a new stake in Clorox Company (The) during the first quarter worth $434,255,000. Geode Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Clorox Company (The) by 4.3% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 1,247,940 shares of the company’s stock worth $168,019,000 after buying an additional 51,563 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in Clorox Company (The) by 2.4% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 1,076,072 shares of the company’s stock worth $146,932,000 after buying an additional 25,110 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Swiss National Bank raised its stake in Clorox Company (The) by 13.8% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 915,092 shares of the company’s stock worth $123,382,000 after buying an additional 110,700 shares in the last quarter. 70.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Clorox Company (The) alerts:



Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) opened at 132.24 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $135.68 and a 200 day moving average of $132.27. The firm has a market cap of $17.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.12 and a beta of 0.40. Clorox Company has a 1-year low of $111.24 and a 1-year high of $141.76. 




Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $1.31 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.48 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Clorox Company (The) had a net margin of 11.22% and a return on equity of 215.99%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.21 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Clorox Company will post $5.31 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, July 19th will be issued a dividend of $0.84 per share. This is a positive change from Clorox Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.80. This represents a $3.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 17th. Clorox Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 66.27%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/global-endowment-management-lp-has-330000-position-in-clorox-company-the-clx-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently weighed in on CLX shares. BidaskClub lowered Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Zacks Investment Research raised Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $149.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Vetr raised Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $139.67 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $138.00 target price on shares of Clorox Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $136.00 target price on shares of Clorox Company (The) in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. Clorox Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $128.26.
Clorox Company (The) Company Profile
The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 



































Campbell M. Wilson
Managing Director
Campbell joined GEM in June 2007 and heads the public investments team. In his previous position as an investment analyst at DUMAC, he was part of an investment team that was responsible for managing $7.7 billion in endowment, retirement and other financial assets. Campbell is a member of Value Investors Club and he is on the Board of Directors at KIPP Charlotte, a free, open-enrollment, college preparatory public school serving communities that are historically underserved in education. He received his B.A. of Economics and Political Science from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.








Ryan H. Henderson
Managing Director
Ryan manages both public and private Real Assets. Prior to joining GEM in June 2007, he supported private equity-backed corporate restructurings and operational turnarounds and served as an analyst at Goldman, Sachs & Co. in the US and Europe. Ryan graduated with a B.B.A. in Finance (honors) and a B.A. in History cum laude from Southern Methodist University. He received his M.B.A. from Duke University's Fuqua School of Business.






Global Endowment Management - Philosophy






















We are entrusted with our investorsâ capital, and we serve their interests above all others.
Our business is defined by our record, reputation and relationships — each of which is earned through hard work and integrity.
We seek to attract, develop and retain exceptional people who are thoughtful, thorough and collaborative in their work and maintain humility in their demeanor.
Intelligent risk taking requires creativity and independent thinking. We seek opportunities where others may not have looked, and we avoid complacency in all facets of our business.


Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.






Global Endowment Management - What Makes Us Different



















Experienced – For over a decade, our leadership has navigated turbulent markets to produce top-tier endowment results. Our team includes the former chief investment officers of three leading endowments and foundations. These seasoned professionals interact directly with our clients, bringing to bear time-tested endowment management skills and perspective.
Expert – Most members of our senior investment team have been principal investors, not just agents. Our hands-on experience gives us an edge over fund allocators and consultants in identifying exceptional managers, establishing a rapport and understanding nuances about their strategies.
Performance-focused – We aim to maximize portfolio results, not the size of our firm. Combined, our assets under management provide buying power — cost savings and improved terms — not typically available to the average institution. Yet, we are right-sized to capture attractive niche investment opportunities inaccessible to large asset management businesses.
Aligned – We are employee-owned and independent, singularly focused on our investing strategy, avoiding conflicts inherent in externally-owned and multi-strategy asset managers. We invest with our clients, sharing pro rata in investment opportunities.*

Accountable and transparent – Our real-time decision making within an agreed investment policy framework removes ambiguity about accountability for results. We provide full portfolio transparency and strive to achieve the highest standards of reporting and client service.
*Subject to agreed variations to take into account customized portfolio solutions required by illiquid legacy investments.

Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.






Global Endowment Management - Contact



















We are investors. With GEM's capital base and broad investment mandate, we have the flexibility to invest in all types of businesses and securities around the globe with a truly long-term horizon. We are value investors, seeking to purchase stakes in businesses at prices below their intrinsic value, providing the potential for a margin of safety and an opportunity for outsized returns.
Given how difficult it is to find and invest in truly mispriced businesses and securities, we typically partner with other investment managers with a particular expertise in a less efficient area of the market, although in some cases we invest directly as well. Our managers are located around the globe and pursue various types of investments â public equity, credit, private equity, real estate, natural resources, venture capital, etc. We are active investors in both small and early stage managers and have made several anchor and seed investments.

We look for managers that:
View their company as an investment partnership rather than an asset management business
Have a multi-year investment horizon
Manage a reasonably-sized asset base that is small enough to take advantage of less efficient opportunities
Focus on a handful of investments at a time in a concentrated portfolio
Structure the terms of their partnership to encourage and reward long-term performance
Invest all or most of their personal capital alongside us
Manage the fund as if it were composed  entirely of their own capital
Have a well-articulated process and a track record of exceptional judgment

GEM serves a small number of institutions with perpetual time horizons. Our investors include leading educational institutions, research foundations, and other nonprofits with compelling missions.If you are a manager interested in speaking with us, please email managers@globalendowment.com.

Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.




















Daily Mail Times on Twitter: "Global Endowment Management LP Has $2.92 Million Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. $EPD https://t.co/5lkcX1LvBC"

































Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                













dailymailtimes's profile
































      Daily Mail Times



@dailymailtimes

















Tweets









Daily Mail Times



@dailymailtimes


Daily News You Can Use



            Florida 

      



 
    dailymailtimes.com
  




Joined July 2014
















Tweets












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info

























Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user
















Daily Mail Times‏ @dailymailtimes

Jul 22






Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet








Global Endowment Management LP Has $2.92 Million Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. $EPDhttp://ift.tt/2uM6M3B 








3:18 PM - 22 Jul 2017










0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked


























Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    












Promoted Tweet








false













© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info
























Global Endowment Management - Home


































































GEM actively manages client assets in the style of leading endowments and foundations. We pursue varied and non-traditional investment opportunities to provide a long-term oriented, diversified investment program. We are the investment office for our investors — we assume responsibility for asset allocation, manager selection, risk management and investment reporting.


Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.






Global Endowment Management - Team


































 


Thruston B. Morton, III
J. Porter Durham, Jr.
Stephanie S. Lynch
Michael D. Smith
Hugh N. Wrigley
Ryan H. Henderson




Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Global Endowment Management, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:56 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Global Endowment Management, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Global Endowment Management, LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional investors. It manages client specific portfolios and funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. It principally makes its investments by investing in other funds. The firm diversifies its investments across equity, corporate debt securities, REIT's, United States and foreign government securities, option contracts on securities, limited partnership interests, private investment funds, futures contracts, and derivatives. It employs quantitative and qualitative analysis to make its in...
Global Endowment Management, LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional investors. It manages client specific portfolios and funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. It principally makes its investments by investing in other funds. The firm diversifies its investments across equity, corporate debt securities, REIT's, United States and foreign government securities, option contracts on securities, limited partnership interests, private investment funds, futures contracts, and derivatives. It employs quantitative and qualitative analysis to make its investments. Global Endowment Management, LP was formed in March 2007 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Detailed Description


550 South Tryon StreetSuite 3500Charlotte, NC 28202-4017United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 704-333-8282

Fax: 704-333-8211

www.globalendowment.com







Key Executives for Global Endowment Management, LP




Mr. Thruston Ballard Morton III


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Ms. Stephanie S. Lynch CFA


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Hugh Wrigley


      	Co-Founder and Managing Director
      








Mr. Richard S. Abraham


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Joseph Porter Durham Jr.


      	General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer, and Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Global Endowment Management, LP Key Developments

Global Endowment Management, LP Presents at SuperReturn U.S. 2016, Jun-06-2016
Apr 5 16
Global Endowment Management, LP Presents at SuperReturn U.S. 2016, Jun-06-2016. Venue: Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel, 606 Congress, St, Boston, MA 02210, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-08-2016, Hugh Wrigley, Co-Founder and Managing Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 26, 2017
			    
Selecta Biosciences, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global Endowment Management, LP, please visit www.globalendowment.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 





GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP
                    

HTTP://WWW.GLOBALENDOWMENT.COM/
•   CHARLOTTE, NC
                          • Endowment
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Global Endowment Management is based out of Charlotte. Global Endowment Management is a large advisory firm with  11-25 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $7,726,750,034 (Form ADV from 2016-01-01).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $687,109,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 50.75%. Global Endowment Management's largest holding is Berkshire Hathaway Inc Class B with shares held of 755,430.  Global Endowment Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 27 13F filings in our database for Global Endowment Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


AMZN
        
        Amazon.com Inc.
0.635%



DXJ
        
        WisdomTree Japan He...
0.529%



SBUX
        
        Starbucks Corp.
0.467%



YUMC
        
        Yum China Holdings Inc
0.458%



CMP
        
        Compass Minerals In...
0.449%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


CHTR
         
         Charter Communicati...
1.229%


JLL
         
         Jones Lang Lasalle Inc
0.451%


LLY
         
         Lilly (Eli) & Co.
0.447%


ZBH
         
         Zimmer Holdings Inc.
0.446%


BMY
         
         Bristol-Myers Squibb
0.441%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


BRK.B
                                                  
                                                  Berkshire Hathaway Inc Class B
18.3253%


OAK
                                                  
                                                  Oaktree Capital Group
6.4105%


AMZN
                                                  
                                                  Amazon.com Inc.
6.1092%


SPY
                                                  
                                                  SPDR S&P 500 ETF Index Depo...
4.5288%


GOOGL
                                                  
                                                  ALPHABET INC COM STK CL A
3.5536%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $687.109 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $643.82 Million
New Purchases30 stocks
Additional Purchases74 stocks
Sold out of38 stocks
Reduced holdings in57 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %50.75%
Turnover %
                        [1]:27.76%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:10.92%
Time Held Top20:9.05 quarters
Time Held Top10:10.40 quarters
Time Held All:6.90 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
4.08%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
20.61%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP

Classified as Hedge Fund

550 SOUTH TRYON STREET
SUITE 3500

CHARLOTTE
NC
            
        28202-4017
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          704-333-8282
Fax:
              704-333-8211


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
38


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Fixed fees,SPECIAL PROFIT ALLOCATION UNDER TERMS OF FUND AGREEMENTS



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
7,726,750,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
17



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
7,726,750,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
17


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.GLOBALENDOWMENT.COM/


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for GLOBAL ENDOWMENT MANAGEMENT, LP
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















































Critical Comparison: Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX) versus Headwaters (HW) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Headwaters Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Headwaters Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Landstar System, Inc. (NASDAQ:LSTR) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:LECO) to Buy					

KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

KLX Inc. (NASDAQ:KLXI) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Sell”					

KAR Auction Services, Inc (NYSE:KAR) Lifted to Sell at BidaskClub					

Investors Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISBC) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Strong Sell					

International Game Technology (NYSE:IGT) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”					

Hercules Capital, Inc. (NYSE:HTGC) Rating Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub					

J & J Snack Foods Corp. (JJSF) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HDS) Raised to Sell at BidaskClub					

Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

Kaiser Aluminum Corporation (KALU) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub					

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Lifted to Sell at BidaskClub					

Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (IART) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Buy					

INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:JRVR) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

HealthEquity, Inc. (HQY) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Critical Comparison: Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX) versus Headwaters (HW)					

						 July 10th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Comparison Articles - Investing 






Tweet










Headwaters (NYSE: HW) and Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX) are both cyclical consumer goods & services companies, but which is the better business? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their profitabiliy, institutional ownership, valuation, dividends, risk, analyst recommendations and earnings. 
Profitability
This table compares Headwaters and Continental Building Products’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Headwaters
1.98%
5.96%
1.68%


Continental Building Products
9.30%
15.57%
7.64%






Insider and Institutional Ownership
86.8% of Headwaters shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 97.4% of Continental Building Products shares are owned by institutional investors. 6.4% of Headwaters shares are owned by company insiders. Comparatively, 0.3% of Continental Building Products shares are owned by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Analyst Recommendations
This is a summary of current ratings and recommmendations for Headwaters and Continental Building Products, as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Headwaters
1
8
1
0
2.00


Continental Building Products
0
4
2
0
2.33


Headwaters presently has a consensus target price of $22.79, suggesting a potential downside of 5.97%. Continental Building Products has a consensus target price of $25.00, suggesting a potential upside of 11.11%. Given Continental Building Products’ stronger consensus rating and  higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe Continental Building Products is more favorable than Headwaters.
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares Headwaters and Continental Building Products’ gross revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Headwaters
N/A
N/A
N/A
$0.56
43.29


Continental Building Products
$470.51 million
1.88
$132.24 million
$1.08
20.83


Continental Building Products has higher revenue and earnings than Headwaters. Continental Building Products is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Headwaters, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Volatility and Risk
Headwaters has a beta of 1.7, indicating that its share price is 70% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Continental Building Products has a beta of 1.31, indicating that its share price is 31% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Summary
Continental Building Products beats Headwaters on 9 of the 11 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Headwaters
Headwaters Incorporated is a building materials company operating in the building products and construction materials sectors. The Company sells building products, such as manufactured architectural stone, siding accessory products, roof products and concrete block. The Company’s operating segments include building products, construction materials and energy technology. It also markets coal combustion products (CCPs), including fly ash, which is used as a partial replacement for Portland cement in concrete. The Building Products segment is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing of siding accessories used in residential repair and remodeling, and new residential construction applications. The Materials segment markets fly ash in the construction materials sector. The Energy Technology segment is involved in heavy oil upgrading processes through the sale of its HCAT catalyst material. It sells catalytic materials to certain refineries engaged in heavy oil upgrading.
About Continental Building Products
Continental Building Products, Inc. is a manufacturer of gypsum wallboard and complementary finishing products. The Company operates through wallboard segment. Gypsum wallboard is a primary building material used in residential and commercial construction and in repair and remodel (R&R). It offers customers a range of gypsum wallboard products, including LiftLite, its lightweight product designed to lift and install; its Mold Defense line of products designed for protection against mold and mildew, and its Weather Defense line of moisture and mold-resistant exterior sheathing. The Company also operates a finishing products business that manufactures a line of joint compounds at its plant in Silver Grove (Kentucky) and its joint compound plant in Chambly (Quebec). The Company manufactures gypsum wallboard related products for commercial and residential buildings and houses. The Company’s manufacturing facilities are concentrated in the eastern United States and eastern Canada.


Receive News & Ratings for Headwaters Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Headwaters Inc and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Hanz Christensen 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 













































Global Endowment Management - Team


































 


Thruston B. Morton, III
J. Porter Durham, Jr.
Stephanie S. Lynch
Michael D. Smith
Hugh N. Wrigley
Ryan H. Henderson




Copyright © 2012 Global Endowment Management. All rights reserved. Created by The King Agency.



