



Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:03 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Globalstar IGO Products | Globalstar Product Management - Technical Support






















































Globalstar Product Management – Technical Support


Globalstar IGO Products




These products have been developed by Globalstar Service Providers and are being sold and used in their regions. None of these products have received Globalstar Certification. 


Contact Globalstar, Inc. if you would like to: — Obtain Globalstar Certification for any of these products — Update the certificate information — Add new products or update product information — Use any of these products in a different region








DACOM Korea Elsacom Globalstar, Inc. Globalstar Canada
Globalstar do Brasil Globalstar Europe Globalstar de Mexico GlobalTel Russia
Pivotel Qualcomm TE.SA.M. Argentina S.A. TE.SA.M. Peru Globalstar











DACOM Korea

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 

GAK-1400 Antenna Amplifier

Maritime kit antenna amplifier produced locally for GAK-1550 antenna
 


 

GAK-1550 Antenna

Replacement antenna produced locally for use with GSP-1600, GSP-2900 or maritime kit with optional GAK-1400 amplifier)
 


 

GIR-2000 Repeater

Globalstar Repeater
 


 

GMK-1410 Maritime kit

Modified car kit with antenna produced locally and detachable handset RF Cable 15m
 


 

GMK-1610 Maritime kit

Modified car kit with antenna produced locally and undetachable handset RF Cable 15m
 


 

GPDK-1420/ GPDK-1430

 
 


 

GPDS-200

 
 


 

PDA & Encryption software

GSP-1600 packaged with PDA and Encryption software
 


 

Powerpack

Backup battery for marine kits
 



Elsacom

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
C-Map Plotter
Integration of GSP-1620 with C-Map maritime plotter
 


 
Camp Payphone
Payphone with FAU-200 in camouflage finish
 


 
GPS-SAT
Localization and survey of position data, and transmit through Globalstar. Consists of GSP-1620 modem, patch antenna for both Globalstar and GPS, with a 12 channel receiver and one management logical section (CPU).
 


 
MCM-8
Multichannel modem with single antenna based on GSP-1620
 


 
SatCase
General purpose case with SAT-600, GPS, Laptop, digital camera, ECG and Defribbrilator
 


 
SkyRes
Advanced system for real-time position control of one or more air flights at the same time. SkyRes improves the current Blue Force Tracking systems capability to select, receive and display information for contributing to Blue Force Situational Awareness
 



Globalstar, Inc.

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
MCM-8R
8 channels data unit based on GSP-1620 plus bonding router and single aviation antenna
 



Globalstar Canada

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Frontier/Skyreach
Integrated Vehicle Computing Solution
 


 
TCK-1410
Softside Transportable Car Kit for GSP-1600 
 


 
Voyager 1500(by Blue Oceans) 
Tracking Satellite Phone with voice, data and vessel tracking. Canadian federal government-approved Vessel Monitoring System.
 


 
Wi-Sys/Digimap
Addon to Car Kit or GSP-1620 + GPS and monitoring software
 


 
WS-7130
Intelligent GPS logging and tracking unit for Vessel Monitoring System (VMS) applications. Data Sheet
 


 
WS-7132
Voice, data and GPS tracking capability for Fleet Management Solutions. Data Sheet
 



Globalstar do Brasil

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Car Kit Antenna
Replacement patch antenna for Car Kit
 


 
GSP-2921
GSP-2900 with short Stick antenna, and radome fully enclosing the radio unit
 


 
GSP-2922
Unmodified stick GSP-2900 with Long Stick antenna, and radome fully enclosing the radio unit
 


 
RAD-1410
Weatherproof radome for GCK-1410 antenna. 33cm diameter x 11cm height
 


 
SDM Kit GBR-3620
TBD
 


 
SDM/Phone kit GBR-3640
GSP-1620 + voice capability with locally built antenna
 



Globalstar Europe

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Chronos Microsat
SCADA application
 


 
Mobile Payphones
Several mobile payphones applications based on FAU-200 deployed in North Africa
 



Globalstar de Mexico

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Cradle
Support cradle for data applications on GSP-1600
 


 
Meter Reading Device
Unit for nitrogen tank monitoring based on GSP-1620
 


 
Switch Control
Switch control system to control hot redundancy for voice and data networks
 



GlobalTel Russia

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
“Maxicom 16T” Small PABX
Small PABX with separation of restricted (prepaid) and unrestricted calls. 13 subscriber lines, 3 external lines, 

OS/1-U-290 (Communication and Information Ministry of Russian Federation)
GOST R ISO 9001-96


 
“Tarifficator”
Supports real time local billing for voice and data for cash payment
 


 
”Pelican” Globalstar Portable User Terminal
GSP-2900-RA in Pelican case, 10m RF cables. 
 


 
2-Wire Adaptor
Two-wire telephone line adapter connects standard telephone sets (radio-telephones, answering machines, PBX, etc.) to Telit SAT551 car kits and Telit SAT550X
 


 
Agat 1204 Uninterruptible Power Supply
Constant 12 V (4 amp) stable power supply from 220V input

Anti-fire approval
Electric safety approval


 
AST-GCS
Aviation kit based on Qualcomm product
 


 
Data Adapter
Asynch data adapter for SAT-551 or SAT-550X
 


 
DM-R Power Supply
Input power is either 220 V AC line voltage or vehicle borne 24 V DC line. Output is constant 13.8V DC, Load is 0.7-7.0 amps
RF River Register permit № 64-11.1-06 dated July 17, 2001


 
DM-R2-24 Power Supply
Input power is 24 V DC line. Output is constant 13.8V DC, Load is 0.7-7.0 amps
RF River Register permit № 64-11.1-06 dated July 17, 2001


 
EPS-50-2
Portable Solar Power Station (12V)
 


 
GSP-1620×1
Rack-mount Single GSP-1620 in case with single active antenna, 20m antenna cable.
 


 
GSP-1620x1c
Single GSP-1620 in case with single active antenna, 25m antenna cable.
 


 
GSP-1620×2
2 GSP-1620’s in one box with single active antenna. No bonding. RF cable lengths of 10m, 20m, and 30m available.
 


 

GSP-1620×4
GSP-1620×8
4 or 8 GSP-1620’s in one box with single active antenna. No bonding. 30m RF cable standard. 20m cable available.

GOST-R certificate
SARS certificate


 
GSP-2800 (universal A)
Fixed Phone with remote Aviation Globalstar/GPS antenna
 


 
GSP-2800 portable kit
Fixed Phone with remote DRA antenna and Cordless Phone
 


 
GSP-2800M
Fixed Phone for maritime use
 


 
Metal-Air battery, model 12-МВ-5
Emergency battery using replaceable salt water
 


 
Monitoring System
GPS Monitoring system via GSP-1600
 


 
Multifunctional Chip-Card Office Pay Phone UTEK-002-02 “MULTI”
MULTI pay phone (manufactured by Stek, Ltd.) provides long-distance and international telephone communications.
GOST 7153-85


 
Payphones
3 or more different solutions for payphones working with FAU-200 or GSP-2900
 


 
Return Channel for Geo
Return Channels for asymmetric internet services based on GSP-2800
 


 
Serial Port extender
RS232-RS422 serial port extender. Extends reach of RS232 serial port up to 1.2 km
 


 
SMS Manager
Support software for SMS, email and voice mail management on GSM Products
 


 
SZU-BSA-15U
Solar Charger (12 V)
 


 
SZU-BSA-7.5
Solar Charger (12 V)
 


 
ThermoJacket
Thermal cover for fixed phones (FAU200 and GSP-2900)
 



Pivotel

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Modified SAT-551
Modified car kit for SAT-550 with data capabilities
 



Qualcomm

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Qualcomm MDSS
16 Channel Medium Data Rate Satcom System (MDSS)
 



TE.SA.M. Argentina S.A.

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
Accelenet Software
Third-party software for data compression
 


 
Kit-T
GSP-l600 packaged for external vehicle installation
 


 
Positioning module
Interface box between Globalstar products and high precision GPS receiver
 


 
S@T Mail
Improved email system
 


 
Vessel Kit GS-VK
Second generation Vessel Kit
 


 
Virloc 2
GPS connected to GSP-1600 for fleet management
 


 
Wi-Fi
Hot spot Wi-Fi including MCM-3 and Colubris Hot Spot
 


 
Wireless LAN
Component of Wi-Fi product based on Motorola Canopy wireless LAN
 



TE.SA.M. Peru Globalstar

(Top)


 
PRODUCT
DESCRIPTION
CERTIFICATES


 
AVL Equipment
Vehicle monitoring product with Globalstar and GPS
 


 
GDS1
SCADA unit based on GSP-1600 with serial interface to sensors
 


 
GDS1-M
Maritime SCADA unit based on GSP-1600 with serial interface to sensors as GDS1
 


 
GDS2
SCADA unit based on GSP-1600 with serial interface to sensors (reduced configuration)
 


 
SX 10 Modulo BP Solar
Solar Panels, by BP Solar. Data Sheet.
 



 
Updated 
Share this:PrintEmailFacebookTwitterLike this:Like Loading... 


Written by Joseph Crowley 
May 7, 2009 at 12:24 am






Print, PDF & Email . . . (buttons at bottom of page)
KEYWORD Search

Search for:



 Home
FAQ CategoriesFAQ Categories
Select Category
Antenna  (16)
   Antenna Installation  (7)
   GCK-1410 ODU Antenna  (4)
   GSP-1725 Mini-Stick  (3)
   GSP-2900 Std Stick  (2)
   Low-Profile DRA Antenna  (5)
   RF Antenna Cables  (3)
Cables – Power and Data  (8)
   Data Cables  (4)
   GSP-2900 Power  (1)
   RS232 Adapters  (3)
Data Services  (16)
   Asynchronous (Analog) Data  (3)
   Packet Data  (4)
Globalstar Certification  (6)
Globalstar Services  (14)
   Encryption & Security  (4)
   Miscellaneous Services  (2)
   Position Location  (3)
   SMS  (5)
Globalstar System  (2)
PBX  (2)
Power Supplies  (2)
Products  (62)
   FAU200  (5)
   GCK-1400 Car Kit  (5)
   GCK-1410 Car Kit  (12)
   GSP-1600  (18)
   GSP-1620  (20)
   GSP-1700  (12)
   GSP-1700-HFK Car Kit  (7)
   GSP-1720  (9)
   GSP-2900  (19)
   MCM-4M  (1)
   MRI-1000  (2)
Regulatory  (2)
Technical Bulletins  (16)
Uncategorized  (45)
UTDM  (1)
Windows  (7)
   Windows 2000/XP  (5)
   Windows 98  (4)


PAGES 
Home
FAQ Postings
Globalstar Certified and Approved Products
Globalstar IGO Products



Search for:



.    



Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 







Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			







 
 
%d bloggers like this:









































































































































Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:03 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      

Globalstar Inc (GSAT.K)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Globalstar Inc (GSAT.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				GSAT.K on American Stock Exchange


				1.88USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.06


					            (-3.09%)
					        






Prev Close

$1.94


Open

$1.94




Day's High

$1.96


Day's Low

$1.88




Volume

2,816,406


Avg. Vol

5,253,138




52-wk High

$2.59


52-wk Low

$0.73












					Full Description



Globalstar, Inc. (Globalstar), incorporated on November 21, 2003, provides mobile satellite services (MSS), including voice and data communications services globally through satellite. The Company provides wireless communications services in areas not served or underserved by terrestrial wireless and wireline networks and in circumstances where terrestrial networks are not operational due to natural or man-made disasters. It offers voice and data communication services over its network of in-orbit satellites and its active ground stations (gateways), which it refers to collectively as the Globalstar System. The Company's services are available only with equipment designed to work on its network two-way voice communication and data transmissions (Duplex) using mobile or fixed devices, and one-way data transmissions (Simplex) using a mobile or fixed device that transmits its location and other information to a central monitoring station, including certain SPOT and Simplex products.The Company's satellite communications business, by providing mobile communications to its subscribers, serves principally various markets, such as recreation and personal; government; public safety and disaster relief; oil and gas; maritime and fishing; natural resources, mining and forestry; construction; utilities, and transportation. Its products and services are sold through a range of independent agents, dealers and resellers, and independent gateway operators (IGOs). The Company provides engineering services to assist its commercial and government customers in developing applications related to its system, and to engineer and install gateways that use its system. These services include hardware and software designs to develop specific applications operating over its network, as well as, the installation of gateways and antennas. The Company offers First-Generation Constellation and Second-Generation Constellation. Its ground network includes both its first-generation and second-generation ground equipment.Duplex Two-Way Voice and Data ProductsThe Company provides mobile voice and data services to a range of commercial, government and recreational customers for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response and other applications. The Company offers its services for use only with equipment designed to work on its network, which users generally purchase in conjunction with an initial service plan.The Company offers the GSP-1700 phone, which includes a color liquid crystal display (LCD) screen and a range of accessories. With Sat-Fi, its customers can use their smartphones, tablets and laptops to send and receive communications through the Globalstar satellite system when traveling beyond cellular service. The Company's data solution, the Globalstar 9600 enables customers to use an application to pair with their existing satellite phone and smartphone to send and receive e-mail over the Globalstar System. This data hotspot is ideal for remote workforces in industries, such as energy and construction to communicate through e-mail, send status reports, download local weather and send pictures.The Company provides fixed voice and data services in rural villages at remote industrial, commercial and residential sites and on ships at sea, among other places primarily with its GSP2900 fixed phone. The Company offers data-only services through Duplex devices that have two-way transmission capabilities. The Company offers asynchronous and packet data service in all of its Duplex territories. Its products provide access to the Internet, corporate virtual private networks and other customer specific data centers. The Company provides store-and-forward capabilities to customers who do not require real-time transmission and reception of data. Additionally, the Company offers a data acceleration and compression service to the satellite data modem market.SPOT Consumer Retail ProductsThe Company's SPOT delivers satellite-based connectivity and real-time global positioning system (GPS) tracking to the users. Its SPOT Consumer Retail Products include SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger, SPOT Global Phone and SPOT Trace. The SPOT Gen3 offers various options, including rechargeable and universal serial bus (USB) direct line power. The Company targets its SPOT Gen3 to recreational and commercial markets that require personal tracking, emergency location and messaging solutions that operate beyond the reach of terrestrial wireless and wireline coverage. Using its network and Web-based mapping software, this device provides consumers with the ability to trace a path geographically or map the location of individuals or equipment. The product also enables users to transmit messages to a specific preprogrammed e-mail address, phone or data device, including a request for assistance in the event of an emergency.The Company's SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger products and services are available through its product distribution channels and through its direct e-commerce Website. The Company introduced SPOT Global Phone to the consumer mass market. The SPOT Global Phone product leverages its retailer distribution channels and SPOT brand name. Its SPOT Trace is an anti-theft and asset tracking device. Its SPOT Trace ensures that cars, motorcycles, boats, snowmobiles and other assets are notifying owners through e-mail or text messages when movement is detected. The Company distributes and sells its SPOT products through a range of distribution channels. The Company has distribution relationships with a number of Big Box retailers and online retailers, and other similar distribution channels.Commercial Simplex One-way Transmission ProductsThe Company's Simplex devices track cargo containers and rail cars, and monitor utility meters and oil and gas assets, as well as host other applications. It includes a demodulator and radio frequency (RF) interface, called an applique, which is located at a gateway and an application server located in its facilities. The applique-equipped gateways provide coverage over various areas of the globe. The devices are used in tracking asset shipments, monitoring unattended remote assets, trailer tracking and mobile security. Its users include various Governmental agencies, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the United States Army, the United States Air Force, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the United States Forest Service and British Ministry of Defense, as well as other organizations.The Company's Simplex service addresses the market for sending data, such as geographic coordinates, from assets or individuals in remote locations to a central monitoring station. The Company offers small Satellite Transmitters, such as the STX-2 and STX-3, which enable an integrator's products to access its Simplex network. The Company also offers products that utilize these transmitters. Its Simplex units, including the enterprise products MMT and SMARTONE, are used by industrial, commercial and government customers. These products provide monitoring that helps solve a range of security applications and asset tracking challenges. The reseller channel for Simplex equipment and service consists primarily of communications equipment retailers and commercial communications equipment rental companies.The Company competes with Personal Locator Beacons, Inmarsat PLC, Iridium Communications Inc., Thuraya, ORBCOMM Inc., Ligado Networks, TerreStar and ICO Global.

» Full Overview of GSAT.K







					Company Address



Globalstar Inc
300 Holiday Square BlvdCOVINGTON   LA   70433-6144
P: +1408.9334000F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 James Monroe

--




							 Rebecca Clary

592,699




							 L. Barbee Ponder

1,685,880




							 Kyle Pickens

--




							 Richard Roberts

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Globalstar Inc News




Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions

May 12 2017 
Wireless spectrum holder Globalstar explores sale: sources

May 12 2017 
BRIEF-Globalstar qtrly loss per share $0.02

May 04 2017 
BRIEF-Mudrick Capital Management LP reports 5.44 percent passive stake in Globalstar Inc

Feb 01 2017 

» More GSAT.K  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services





















Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Globalstar, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:03 PM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of Globalstar, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response, and other applications; fixed voice and data satellite communications services and equipment in rural villages, ships, industrial and commercial sites, and residential sites; and satellite data modem services comprising asynchronous and packet data services. It also provides SPOT products, such as SPOT satellite GPS messenger for personal tracking, emergency location, and messaging solutions...
Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response, and other applications; fixed voice and data satellite communications services and equipment in rural villages, ships, industrial and commercial sites, and residential sites; and satellite data modem services comprising asynchronous and packet data services. It also provides SPOT products, such as SPOT satellite GPS messenger for personal tracking, emergency location, and messaging solutions; SPOT Global phone; and SPOT Trace, an anti-theft and asset tracking device. In addition, the company offers commercial Simplex one-way transmission products to track cargo containers and rail cars, to monitor utility meters, to monitor oil and gas assets, and other applications. Further, it provides engineering services, such as hardware and software designs to develop specific applications; and installation of gateways and antennas. The company primarily serves recreation and personal; government; public safety and disaster relief; oil and gas; maritime and fishing; natural resources, mining, and forestry; construction; utilities; and transportation markets. Globalstar, Inc. distributes its products directly, as well as through independent agents, dealers and resellers, independent gateway operators, and its sales force and e-commerce Website. As of December 31, 2016, it served approximately 689,000 subscribers. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Covington, Louisiana. Globalstar, Inc. is a subsidiary of Thermo Funding II LLC.
Detailed Description


300 Holiday Square BoulevardCovington, LA 70433United StatesFounded in 2003344 Employees



Phone: 985-335-1500

www.globalstar.com







Key Executives for Globalstar, Inc.




Mr. James Monroe III


      	Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 62
        







Ms. Rebecca S. Clary


      	Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 38
        

Total Annual Compensation: $228.9K








Mr. L. Barbee Ponder IV


      	Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and General Counsel
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: $223.9K








Mr. David B. Kagan


      	Consultant
      


Total Annual Compensation: $279.8K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Globalstar, Inc. Key Developments

Globalstar Works With Advisers For Sale Process
May 19 17
Globalstar, Inc. (AMEX:GSAT) working with Allen, Centerview on sale process, Dealreporter says. Globalstar is working with Allen & Co. and Centerview Partners as it looks to find a buyer, sources told Dealreporter, according to contacts. Bloomberg reported on May 12, 2017, that the company is working with advisers to explore a sale and that major wireless and cable companies may have interest.


Globalstar Reportedly Works With Advisers to Explore Potential Sale
May 12 17
Globalstar, Inc. (AMEX:GSAT) is working with financial advisers on a potential sale, people familiar with the matter said. Globalstar could attract interest from major wireless and cable companies, one of the people said, asking not to be identified as the details aren’t public. Deliberations are at an early stage and there is no certainty a deal will be reached, the people said. Representatives for Globalstar didn’t respond to requests for comment, Bloomberg reported.


Globalstar Inc. Announces Consolidated Unaudited Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 4 17
Globalstar Inc. announced consolidated unaudited earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $21,481,000 compared with $21,836,000 for the same period a year ago. This increase was driven primarily by higher service revenue resulting from increased ARPU in all major service lines. A slight increase in revenue from subscriber equipment sales also contributed to the increase in total revenue due a higher volume of SPOT units sold during the quarter. Loss from operations was $15,202,000 compared with $15,698,000 for the same period a year ago. The increase in operating expenses was due in part to a higher cost of services, which was elevated due to expenses to support new product development and second-generation ground network. Higher management, general and administrative (MG&A) costs also contributed to the increase in operating expenses due to the timing of certain items, including stock compensation expense, subscriber acquisition costs to support sales promotions, and fluctuations in bad debt recoveries and expense between the periods. Loss before income taxes was $20,125,000 compared with $26,756,000 for the same period a year ago. Net loss was $20,161,000 or $0.02 per basic and diluted share compared with $26,947,000 or $0.03 per basic and diluted share for the same period a year ago. EBITDA was $4,774,000 compared with $2,848,000 for the same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $5,410,000 compared with $4,363,000 for the same period a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 30, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Globalstar, Inc., please visit www.globalstar.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    GSAT Key Statistics - Globalstar Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Globalstar Inc.

                  NYSE American: GSAT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Globalstar Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:40 p.m.


GSAT

/quotes/zigman/32593219/composite


$
1.93




Change

+0.05
+2.66%

Volume
Volume 32,082
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/32593219/composite
Today's close

$
			1.94
		


$
				1.88
			
Change

-0.06
-3.09%





Day low
Day high
$1.88
$1.96










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.73
        

            $2.59
        

















			Company Description 


			Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency resp...
		


                Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response, and other applications; fixed voice and data satellite communications services and equipment in rural villages, ships, industrial and commercial sites, and residential sites; and satellite data modem services comprising asynchronous and packet data services. Its two-way transmission products also include Qualcomm GSP-1700 satellite voice and data modem, which enables value added resellers to integrate the satellite modem processing with the specific application. The company provides SPOT products, such as SPOT satellite GPS messenger for personal tracking, emergency location, and messaging solutions; SPOT Global phone; and SPOT Trace, an anti-theft asset tracking device. It offers simplex one-way transmission products comprising of STX-2 and STX-3, which enable an integrator's product designs to access the company's simplex network. The company provides engineering services, such as hardware and software designs to develop specific applications; and installation of gateways and antennas. It serves to government; public safety and disaster relief; recreation and personal; telecommunications; oil and gas; maritime and fishing; natural resources; construction; utilities; and transportation markets. The company was founded in November 2003 and is headquartered in Covington, LA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-16.42


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-17.04


Price to Sales Ratio
17.36


Price to Book Ratio
10.80


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
190.83


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
205.02


Enterprise Value to Sales
28.93


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.26

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
281,573.00


Income Per Employee
-385,599.00


Receivables Turnover
6.51


Total Asset Turnover
0.08

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.22


Quick Ratio
0.17


Cash Ratio
0.06



Profitability

Gross Margin
-20.62


Operating Margin
-65.38


Pretax Margin
-143.70


Net Margin
-136.94


Return on Assets
-11.21


Return on Equity
-66.50


Return on Total Capital
-16.43


Return on Invested Capital
-17.62

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
356.18


Total Debt to Total Capital
78.08


Total Debt to Total Assets
50.89


Long-Term Debt to Equity
309.36


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
67.82





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Doong  Wen 
-
1996
Vice President-Engineering



Mr. David Kyle Pickens 
-
2017
Vice President-Strategy & Communications



Mr. William Albert Hasler 
74
2009
Independent Directors



Mr. Kenneth M. Young 
52
2015
Independent Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/30/2017

Jay Monroe                            
Chief Executive Officer; Director

17,837,838


 
Acquisition at $1.85 per share.


33,000,000


06/16/2017

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

10,711


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.2 per share.


23,564


05/17/2017

Jay Monroe                            
Chief Executive Officer; Director

24,571,428


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.01 per share.


245,714


05/16/2017

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

26,251


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.44 per share.


64,052


05/16/2017

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

10,501


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.44 per share.


25,622


03/10/2017

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

86,770


 
Disposition at $1.42 per share.


123,213


03/02/2017

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

34,274


 
Disposition at $1.42 per share.


48,669


02/28/2017

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

15,548


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.37 per share.


21,300


02/28/2017

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

13,519


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.37 per share.


18,521


02/28/2017

David B. Kagan 
President & COO

18,567


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.37 per share.


25,436


02/28/2017

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

41,241


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/28/2017

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

42,701


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/28/2017

David B. Kagan 
President & COO

52,190


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/11/2016

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

5,187


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/11/2016

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

3,150


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/11/2016

David B. Kagan 
President & COO

3,150


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.86 per share.


2,709


12/09/2016

L. Barbee Ponder                            
General Counsel

30,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2016

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

30,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2016

David B. Kagan 
President & COO

30,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/29/2016

Rebecca S. Clary                            
VP & Chief Financial Officer

10,396


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.36 per share.


14,138








/news/latest/company/us/gsat

      MarketWatch News on GSAT
    




 Monday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks
3:34 p.m. March 21, 2011
 - Kate Gibson




 Stocks in focus for Tuesday
7:08 p.m. May 14, 2007
 - MarketWatch




 Globalstar's quarterly profit falls
4:26 p.m. May 14, 2007
 - Gabriel Madway




 Stocks in focus for Thursday
7:27 p.m. March 28, 2007
 - MarketWatch




 Globalstar Q4 net loss 1c vs net earns 13c
4:03 p.m. March 28, 2007
 - Katherine Hunt




 Globalstar Q4 rev $29.2M vs $36.3M
4:04 p.m. March 28, 2007
 - Katherine Hunt




 Globalstar cut to hold at Jefferies & Co.
10:18 a.m. Feb. 7, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Tuesday's biggest stock gainers and decliners
7:09 p.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Michael Baron




 U.S. stocks close higher ahead of Cisco's earnings
5:42 p.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Nick Godt




 J.P. Morgan says Globalstar sell-off an overreaction
12:35 p.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globalstar plunges on satellite degradation concerns
11:39 a.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globastar cut to market perform at Wachovia
11:25 a.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globalstar down 25% at $10.95
11:23 a.m. Feb. 6, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globalstar started at buy, $17 target at Jefferies & Co.
11:56 a.m. Jan. 24, 2007
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globalstar started at outperform at Wachovia
1:39 p.m. Dec. 13, 2006
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Globalstar started at overweight at J.P. Morgan
11:31 a.m. Dec. 12, 2006
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Alcatel Alenia signs 661M euro contract with Globalstar
9:36 a.m. Dec. 4, 2006
 - Aude Lagorce




 Financial stocks, solar firm step into spotlight
2:39 p.m. Nov. 6, 2006
 - Steve Gelsi




 CORRECT: Globalstar up 3% in return from bankruptcy
4:42 p.m. Nov. 3, 2006
 - Steve Gelsi




 Innophos, Orbcomm debuts at a discount
12:50 p.m. Nov. 3, 2006
 - Steve Gelsi


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/gsat

      Other News on GSAT
    





Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT

12:01 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.94
11:48 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.9901
11:07 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Globalstar -3.4% as filing details lending changes

9:33 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





3 Zombie Stocks Coming Back From the Dead

7:11 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Why Is No One Talking About Globalstar, Inc. Stock?

6:41 p.m. June 30, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Penny Stocks to Watch for June 2017 (CYTR, DELT)

4:01 p.m. June 30, 2017
 - Investopedia.com





Q1 Post-Earnings

5:47 a.m. May 29, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

3:38 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
3:38 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19

4:00 p.m. May 19, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19
4:00 p.m. May 19, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Solus CEO: Globalstar undervalued on spectrum interest

3:39 p.m. May 18, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 GSAT Option Alert: Oct 20 $1.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the bid: 1000 @ 0.901 vs 58 OI; Ref=$2.195
1:57 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

3:45 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
3:45 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Why AstraZeneca, Globalstar, and Snap Jumped Today

4:39 p.m. May 12, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Top Market News: What Happened In Investing Today

4:32 p.m. May 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12

4:10 p.m. May 12, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12
4:10 p.m. May 12, 2017
 - benzinga.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Globalstar, Inc.
300 Holiday Square Boulevard


Covington, Louisiana 70433




Phone
1 9853351500


Industry
Wireless Telecommunications Services


Sector
Telecommunication Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$96.86M


Net Income
$-132.65M


2016 Sales Growth 
7.0%


Employees

        344.00


Annual Report for GSAT











/news/pressrelease/company/us/gsat

      Press Releases on GSAT
    




 Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Globalstar, T-Mobile US, TIM Participacoes, and Ubiquiti Networks
6:20 a.m. June 23, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Pivotal Commware Lands $17M Series A From The Thermo Companies - DIG Investments - Bill Gates and Others
10:03 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 The Growth and Use of Industrial Internet of Things
9:00 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Globalstar and Endocyte
8:00 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Technical Reports on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Sprint, Globalstar, Vodafone and T-Mobile US
6:30 a.m. May 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
7:30 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Could Globalstar be a Takeover Target
8:00 a.m. May 1, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice
4:05 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 SPOT Satellite Device Reaches Major Milestone With 5000 Rescues Worldwide
8:30 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 University of Miami Continues to Rely on SPOT for Oceanic Flow Study in the Gulf of Mexico
5:06 p.m. April 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Yippy, Inc. (YIPI) to Support Globalstar's (GSAT) Software Services Initiative to Market the Worldwide Distribution of Yippy's Data Compression Software and Associated Technologies
8:30 a.m. April 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Globalstar to Launch New Satellite Software Services Using Yippy's Compression Technology
8:30 a.m. April 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 1,200 Long-Distance Runners in the 2017 MARATHON DES SABLES to use SPOT Gen3 for Safety and Tracking
9:30 a.m. April 6, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile, and xG Technology
7:00 a.m. March 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Globalstar CEO Inducted Into Satellite Hall of Fame for Lifesaving Technology
11:30 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Globalstar and Inmarsat to Form Partnership to Cross-Sell Satellite Services
12:31 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Globalstar Announces Appointment of Kyle Pickens as Vice President of Strategy and Communications
5:47 p.m. March 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Globalstar Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results
5:16 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice
5:30 p.m. Feb. 17, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile US, and Telefonica Brasil
8:00 a.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:03 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




8:03 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































GSAT Stock Price - Globalstar Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE American) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:48p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


GSAT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



GSAT
U.S.: NYSE American


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Globalstar Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateGSATAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 5:40 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.93



0.05
2.66%



After Hours Volume:
32.1K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$1.88
-0.06
-3.09%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




49.31% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.8M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 5.6M
            





Open: 1.94
Close: 1.88



1.88
Day Low/High
1.96





Day Range



0.73
52 Week Low/High
2.59


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.94



Day Range
1.88 - 1.96



52 Week Range
0.73 - 2.59



Market Cap
$2.21B



Shares Outstanding
982.55M



Public Float
429.79M



Beta
1.24



Rev. per Employee
$289.76K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.13



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
92.46M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
21.51%



Average Volume
5.64M




 


Performance




5 Day


-7.39%







1 Month


-11.74%







3 Month


-1.57%







YTD


18.99%







1 Year


57.98%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Monday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Mar. 21, 2011 at 3:34 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









Stocks in focus for Tuesday


May. 14, 2007 at 7:08 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Globalstar's quarterly profit falls


May. 14, 2007 at 4:27 p.m. ET
by Gabriel Madway









Stocks in focus for Thursday


Mar. 28, 2007 at 7:27 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Globalstar Q4 net loss 1c vs net earns 13c


Mar. 28, 2007 at 4:04 p.m. ET
by Katherine Hunt









Globalstar Q4 rev $29.2M vs $36.3M


Mar. 28, 2007 at 4:04 p.m. ET
by Katherine Hunt









Globalstar cut to hold at Jefferies & Co.


Feb. 7, 2007 at 9:18 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Tuesday's biggest stock gainers and decliners


Feb. 6, 2007 at 6:09 p.m. ET
by Michael Baron









U.S. stocks close higher ahead of Cisco's earnings


Feb. 6, 2007 at 4:42 p.m. ET
by Nick Godt









J.P. Morgan says Globalstar sell-off an overreaction


Feb. 6, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar plunges on satellite degradation concerns


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:39 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globastar cut to market perform at Wachovia


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar down 25% at $10.95


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:24 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at buy, $17 target at Jefferies & Co.


Jan. 24, 2007 at 10:57 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at outperform at Wachovia


Dec. 13, 2006 at 12:40 p.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at overweight at J.P. Morgan


Dec. 12, 2006 at 10:32 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Alcatel Alenia signs 661M euro contract with Globalstar


Dec. 4, 2006 at 8:36 a.m. ET
by Aude Lagorce









Financial stocks, solar firm step into spotlight


Nov. 6, 2006 at 1:39 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









CORRECT: Globalstar up 3% in return from bankruptcy


Nov. 3, 2006 at 3:42 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









Innophos, Orbcomm debuts at a discount


Nov. 3, 2006 at 11:50 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













CFO Moves: Chase Corp., Globalstar

Aug. 29, 2014 at 3:46 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cash-Poor Companies Feed Hunger for 'Happy Meal' Bonds

Aug. 19, 2013 at 10:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Pushes to Use Spectrum for Mobile Broadband


Nov. 13, 2012 at 8:13 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










An Update on Some Past Winners of The Wall Street Journal’s Innovation Awards

Sep. 13, 2009 at 7:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Satellite Phone Plan Aims High


Apr. 27, 2009 at 11:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Secures French Financing


Mar. 25, 2009 at 3:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Innovation Awards

Sep. 28, 2008 at 9:32 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Jumps; Says New Satellite Production Starts


Aug. 27, 2008 at 1:18 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Noted ...


May. 19, 2008 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Prices Convert Deal; Shares Extend Losses


Apr. 10, 2008 at 10:26 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Globalstar Shares Down For 5th Day; Hurt By Convert


Apr. 8, 2008 at 3:59 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Iridium: 7 Years Out Of Bankruptcy, Satellite Communications Player Eyes A 2009 IPO


Feb. 22, 2008 at 5:47 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Phoning Home Without a Phone


Jan. 29, 2008 at 9:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Comstock Homebuiding, China Techfaith Decline


May. 16, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Nasdaq Retreats on Consumer-Price Data


May. 15, 2007 at 5:18 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Inmarsat CEO Sees More Consolidation


Feb. 21, 2007 at 8:06 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Iridium Weighs Upgrade of Satellites


Feb. 15, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Overstock.com, Nuance Advance


Feb. 7, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Falls on Satellite Woes


Feb. 6, 2007 at 5:46 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









GlobalStar: Satellite Troubles Could Cause Service Shutdown


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.94
GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.94

Jul. 7, 2017 at 11:48 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.9901
GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.9901

Jul. 7, 2017 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Globalstar -3.4% as filing details lending changes
Globalstar -3.4% as filing details lending changes

Jul. 7, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





3 Zombie Stocks Coming Back From the Dead


Jul. 6, 2017 at 7:11 a.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Why Is No One Talking About Globalstar, Inc. Stock?


Jun. 30, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Penny Stocks to Watch for June 2017 (CYTR, DELT)
These ten penny stocks trading on U.S. public exchanges could gain substantial ground in 2017.

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on Investopedia.com





Q1 Post-Earnings
Q1 Post-Earnings

May. 29, 2017 at 5:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 22, 2017 at 3:38 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 22, 2017 at 3:38 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19

May. 19, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19

May. 19, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Solus CEO: Globalstar undervalued on spectrum interest
Solus CEO: Globalstar undervalued on spectrum interest

May. 18, 2017 at 3:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





GSAT Option Alert: Oct 20 $1.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the bid: 1000 @ 0.901 vs 58 OI; Ref=$2.195
GSAT Option Alert: Oct 20 $1.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the bid: 1000 @ 0.901 vs 58 OI; Ref=$2.195

May. 15, 2017 at 1:57 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 15, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 15, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12

May. 12, 2017 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12

May. 12, 2017 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Why AstraZeneca, Globalstar, and Snap Jumped Today


May. 12, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Top Market News: What Happened In Investing Today
Top Market News: What Happened In Investing Today

May. 12, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Globalstar, T-Mobile US, TIM Participacoes, and Ubiquiti Networks
Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Globalstar, T-Mobile US, TIM Participacoes, and Ubiquiti Networks

Jun. 23, 2017 at 6:20 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





The Growth and Use of Industrial Internet of Things
The Growth and Use of Industrial Internet of Things

May. 30, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Globalstar and Endocyte
Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Globalstar and Endocyte

May. 15, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Technical Reports on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Sprint, Globalstar, Vodafone and T-Mobile US
Technical Reports on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Sprint, Globalstar, Vodafone and T-Mobile US

May. 5, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 4, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Could Globalstar be a Takeover Target
Could Globalstar be a Takeover Target

May. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice


Apr. 28, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





SPOT Satellite Device Reaches Major Milestone With 5000 Rescues Worldwide


Apr. 19, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





University of Miami Continues to Rely on SPOT for Oceanic Flow Study in the Gulf of Mexico


Apr. 11, 2017 at 5:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Yippy, Inc. (YIPI) to Support Globalstar's (GSAT) Software Services Initiative to Market the Worldwide Distribution of Yippy's Data Compression Software and Associated Technologies


Apr. 7, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar to Launch New Satellite Software Services Using Yippy's Compression Technology


Apr. 7, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





1,200 Long-Distance Runners in the 2017 MARATHON DES SABLES to use SPOT Gen3 for Safety and Tracking


Apr. 6, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile, and xG Technology


Mar. 24, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar CEO Inducted Into Satellite Hall of Fame for Lifesaving Technology


Mar. 9, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar and Inmarsat to Form Partnership to Cross-Sell Satellite Services


Mar. 8, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar Announces Appointment of Kyle Pickens as Vice President of Strategy and Communications


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:48 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results


Feb. 23, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice


Feb. 17, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile US, and Telefonica Brasil


Feb. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





SPOT Satellite Devices Set New Safety Record with 274 Rescues in Canada in 2016


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Globalstar Inc.


            
            Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response, and other applications; fixed voice and data satellite communications services and equipment in rural villages, ships, industrial and commercial sites, and residential sites; and satellite data modem services comprising asynchronous and packet data services. Its two-way transmission products also include Qualcomm GSP-1700 satellite voice and data modem, which enables value added resellers to integrate the satellite modem processing with the specific application. The company provides SPOT products, such as SPOT satellite GPS messenger for personal tracking, emergency location, and messaging solutions; SPOT Global phone; and SPOT Trace, an anti-theft asset tracking device. It offers simplex one-way transmission products comprising of STX-2 and STX-3, which enable an integrator's product designs to access the company's simplex network. The company provides engineering services, such as hardware and software designs to develop specific applications; and installation of gateways and antennas. It serves to government; public safety and disaster relief; recreation and personal; telecommunications; oil and gas; maritime and fishing; natural resources; construction; utilities; and transportation markets. The company was founded in November 2003 and is headquartered in Covington, LA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 1
Full Ratings 





What The Comcast/Charter Deal Means For Wireless, Spectrum Companies


May. 8, 2017 at 3:58 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Why Today Could Be Filled With Telecom Rumors


Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:44 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Speculative Spectrum Names In Play Following AT&T, Straight Path Deal


Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:10 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Comtech Telecommunications Corp.
-1.26%
$431.57M


Loral Space & Communications Inc.
1.21%
$1.41B


ORBCOMM Inc.
-0.85%
$841.38M


EchoStar Corp.
0.11%
$5.83B


DISH Network Corp. Cl A
0.09%
$29.76B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








BLCM

-2.99%








CLVS

6.25%








ICPT

4.22%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












GSAT Stock Price - Globalstar Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE American) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:48p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


GSAT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



GSAT
U.S.: NYSE American


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Globalstar Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateGSATAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 5:40 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.93



0.05
2.66%



After Hours Volume:
32.1K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$1.88
-0.06
-3.09%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




49.31% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.8M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 5.6M
            





Open: 1.94
Close: 1.88



1.88
Day Low/High
1.96





Day Range



0.73
52 Week Low/High
2.59


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.94



Day Range
1.88 - 1.96



52 Week Range
0.73 - 2.59



Market Cap
$2.21B



Shares Outstanding
982.55M



Public Float
429.79M



Beta
1.24



Rev. per Employee
$289.76K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.13



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
92.46M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
21.51%



Average Volume
5.64M




 


Performance




5 Day


-7.39%







1 Month


-11.74%







3 Month


-1.57%







YTD


18.99%







1 Year


57.98%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Monday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Mar. 21, 2011 at 3:34 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









Stocks in focus for Tuesday


May. 14, 2007 at 7:08 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Globalstar's quarterly profit falls


May. 14, 2007 at 4:27 p.m. ET
by Gabriel Madway









Stocks in focus for Thursday


Mar. 28, 2007 at 7:27 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Globalstar Q4 net loss 1c vs net earns 13c


Mar. 28, 2007 at 4:04 p.m. ET
by Katherine Hunt









Globalstar Q4 rev $29.2M vs $36.3M


Mar. 28, 2007 at 4:04 p.m. ET
by Katherine Hunt









Globalstar cut to hold at Jefferies & Co.


Feb. 7, 2007 at 9:18 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Tuesday's biggest stock gainers and decliners


Feb. 6, 2007 at 6:09 p.m. ET
by Michael Baron









U.S. stocks close higher ahead of Cisco's earnings


Feb. 6, 2007 at 4:42 p.m. ET
by Nick Godt









J.P. Morgan says Globalstar sell-off an overreaction


Feb. 6, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar plunges on satellite degradation concerns


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:39 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globastar cut to market perform at Wachovia


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar down 25% at $10.95


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:24 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at buy, $17 target at Jefferies & Co.


Jan. 24, 2007 at 10:57 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at outperform at Wachovia


Dec. 13, 2006 at 12:40 p.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Globalstar started at overweight at J.P. Morgan


Dec. 12, 2006 at 10:32 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Alcatel Alenia signs 661M euro contract with Globalstar


Dec. 4, 2006 at 8:36 a.m. ET
by Aude Lagorce









Financial stocks, solar firm step into spotlight


Nov. 6, 2006 at 1:39 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









CORRECT: Globalstar up 3% in return from bankruptcy


Nov. 3, 2006 at 3:42 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









Innophos, Orbcomm debuts at a discount


Nov. 3, 2006 at 11:50 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













CFO Moves: Chase Corp., Globalstar

Aug. 29, 2014 at 3:46 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cash-Poor Companies Feed Hunger for 'Happy Meal' Bonds

Aug. 19, 2013 at 10:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Pushes to Use Spectrum for Mobile Broadband


Nov. 13, 2012 at 8:13 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










An Update on Some Past Winners of The Wall Street Journal’s Innovation Awards

Sep. 13, 2009 at 7:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Satellite Phone Plan Aims High


Apr. 27, 2009 at 11:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Secures French Financing


Mar. 25, 2009 at 3:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Innovation Awards

Sep. 28, 2008 at 9:32 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Jumps; Says New Satellite Production Starts


Aug. 27, 2008 at 1:18 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Noted ...


May. 19, 2008 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Prices Convert Deal; Shares Extend Losses


Apr. 10, 2008 at 10:26 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Globalstar Shares Down For 5th Day; Hurt By Convert


Apr. 8, 2008 at 3:59 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Iridium: 7 Years Out Of Bankruptcy, Satellite Communications Player Eyes A 2009 IPO


Feb. 22, 2008 at 5:47 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Phoning Home Without a Phone


Jan. 29, 2008 at 9:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Comstock Homebuiding, China Techfaith Decline


May. 16, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Nasdaq Retreats on Consumer-Price Data


May. 15, 2007 at 5:18 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Inmarsat CEO Sees More Consolidation


Feb. 21, 2007 at 8:06 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Iridium Weighs Upgrade of Satellites


Feb. 15, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Overstock.com, Nuance Advance


Feb. 7, 2007 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Globalstar Falls on Satellite Woes


Feb. 6, 2007 at 5:46 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









GlobalStar: Satellite Troubles Could Cause Service Shutdown


Feb. 6, 2007 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.94
GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.94

Jul. 7, 2017 at 11:48 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.9901
GSAT Option Alert: Jan 19 $1.5 Calls at the Bid: 1000 @ $0.75 vs 684 OI; Ref=$1.9901

Jul. 7, 2017 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Globalstar -3.4% as filing details lending changes
Globalstar -3.4% as filing details lending changes

Jul. 7, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





3 Zombie Stocks Coming Back From the Dead


Jul. 6, 2017 at 7:11 a.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Why Is No One Talking About Globalstar, Inc. Stock?


Jun. 30, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Penny Stocks to Watch for June 2017 (CYTR, DELT)
These ten penny stocks trading on U.S. public exchanges could gain substantial ground in 2017.

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on Investopedia.com





Q1 Post-Earnings
Q1 Post-Earnings

May. 29, 2017 at 5:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 22, 2017 at 3:38 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 22, 2017 at 3:38 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19

May. 19, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 19

May. 19, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Solus CEO: Globalstar undervalued on spectrum interest
Solus CEO: Globalstar undervalued on spectrum interest

May. 18, 2017 at 3:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





GSAT Option Alert: Oct 20 $1.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the bid: 1000 @ 0.901 vs 58 OI; Ref=$2.195
GSAT Option Alert: Oct 20 $1.5 Calls Sweep (2) at the bid: 1000 @ 0.901 vs 58 OI; Ref=$2.195

May. 15, 2017 at 1:57 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 15, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade
Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade

May. 15, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12

May. 12, 2017 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 12

May. 12, 2017 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Why AstraZeneca, Globalstar, and Snap Jumped Today


May. 12, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Top Market News: What Happened In Investing Today
Top Market News: What Happened In Investing Today

May. 12, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Globalstar, T-Mobile US, TIM Participacoes, and Ubiquiti Networks
Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Globalstar, T-Mobile US, TIM Participacoes, and Ubiquiti Networks

Jun. 23, 2017 at 6:20 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





The Growth and Use of Industrial Internet of Things
The Growth and Use of Industrial Internet of Things

May. 30, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Globalstar and Endocyte
Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Globalstar and Endocyte

May. 15, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Technical Reports on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Sprint, Globalstar, Vodafone and T-Mobile US
Technical Reports on Wireless Communications Stocks -- Sprint, Globalstar, Vodafone and T-Mobile US

May. 5, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 4, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Could Globalstar be a Takeover Target
Could Globalstar be a Takeover Target

May. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice


Apr. 28, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





SPOT Satellite Device Reaches Major Milestone With 5000 Rescues Worldwide


Apr. 19, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





University of Miami Continues to Rely on SPOT for Oceanic Flow Study in the Gulf of Mexico


Apr. 11, 2017 at 5:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Yippy, Inc. (YIPI) to Support Globalstar's (GSAT) Software Services Initiative to Market the Worldwide Distribution of Yippy's Data Compression Software and Associated Technologies


Apr. 7, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar to Launch New Satellite Software Services Using Yippy's Compression Technology


Apr. 7, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





1,200 Long-Distance Runners in the 2017 MARATHON DES SABLES to use SPOT Gen3 for Safety and Tracking


Apr. 6, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile, and xG Technology


Mar. 24, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Globalstar CEO Inducted Into Satellite Hall of Fame for Lifesaving Technology


Mar. 9, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar and Inmarsat to Form Partnership to Cross-Sell Satellite Services


Mar. 8, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar Announces Appointment of Kyle Pickens as Vice President of Strategy and Communications


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:48 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results


Feb. 23, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice


Feb. 17, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Wireless Communications Stocks Under Review -- Sprint, Globalstar, T-Mobile US, and Telefonica Brasil


Feb. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





SPOT Satellite Devices Set New Safety Record with 274 Rescues in Canada in 2016


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Globalstar Inc.


            
            Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services through satellite worldwide. The company offers duplex two-way voice and data products, including mobile voice and data satellite communications services and equipment for remote business continuity, recreational, emergency response, and other applications; fixed voice and data satellite communications services and equipment in rural villages, ships, industrial and commercial sites, and residential sites; and satellite data modem services comprising asynchronous and packet data services. Its two-way transmission products also include Qualcomm GSP-1700 satellite voice and data modem, which enables value added resellers to integrate the satellite modem processing with the specific application. The company provides SPOT products, such as SPOT satellite GPS messenger for personal tracking, emergency location, and messaging solutions; SPOT Global phone; and SPOT Trace, an anti-theft asset tracking device. It offers simplex one-way transmission products comprising of STX-2 and STX-3, which enable an integrator's product designs to access the company's simplex network. The company provides engineering services, such as hardware and software designs to develop specific applications; and installation of gateways and antennas. It serves to government; public safety and disaster relief; recreation and personal; telecommunications; oil and gas; maritime and fishing; natural resources; construction; utilities; and transportation markets. The company was founded in November 2003 and is headquartered in Covington, LA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 1
Full Ratings 





What The Comcast/Charter Deal Means For Wireless, Spectrum Companies


May. 8, 2017 at 3:58 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Why Today Could Be Filled With Telecom Rumors


Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:44 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Speculative Spectrum Names In Play Following AT&T, Straight Path Deal


Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:10 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Comtech Telecommunications Corp.
-1.26%
$431.57M


Loral Space & Communications Inc.
1.21%
$1.41B


ORBCOMM Inc.
-0.85%
$841.38M


EchoStar Corp.
0.11%
$5.83B


DISH Network Corp. Cl A
0.09%
$29.76B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








BLCM

-2.99%








CLVS

6.25%








ICPT

4.22%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







  GSAT:NYSE MKT LLC Stock Quote - Globalstar Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Globalstar Inc   GSAT:US   NYSE MKT LLC        1.88USD   0.06   3.09%     As of 6:40 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   1.94    Day Range   1.88 - 1.96    Volume   2,814,406    Previous Close   1.94    52Wk Range   0.73 - 2.59    1 Yr Return   57.98%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.94    Day Range   1.88 - 1.96    Volume   2,814,406    Previous Close   1.94    52Wk Range   0.73 - 2.59    1 Yr Return   57.98%    YTD Return   18.99%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.10    Market Cap (b USD)   2.099    Shares Outstanding  (m)   982.550    Price/Sales (TTM)   20.41    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.50%     Industry Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.50%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    6/30/2017   Penny Stocks to Watch for June 2017 (CYTR, DELT)  - Investopedia     5/31/2017   Penny Stocks to Watch for June 2017  - Investopedia     5/12/2017   Globalstar Works With Advisers to Explore Potential Sale     4/27/2017   Penny Stocks to Watch for May 2017  - Investopedia     4/17/2017   Wall Street Ends Its Losing Streak As Corporate Earnings Take Focus  - The Street     4/17/2017   Wall Street Brakes Its Losing Streak As Corporate Earnings Take Focus  - The Street    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/16/2017   Pivotal Commware Lands $17M Series A From The Thermo Companies - DIG Investments - Bill Gates and Others     5/4/2017   Globalstar Announces First Quarter 2017 Results     4/28/2017   Globalstar, Inc. Earnings Call Release Notice     4/24/2017   Three Tracking Technology Stocks -- How They Save Lives and Recover  What's Important: Gopher Protocol, Semtech Corp. and Globa     4/19/2017   SPOT Satellite Devices Reach Major Milestone with 5,000 Rescues Worldwide     4/19/2017   SPOT Satellite Device Reaches Major Milestone With 5000 Rescues Worldwide     4/11/2017   University of Miami Continues to Rely on SPOT for Oceanic Flow Study in the Gulf of Mexico     4/7/2017   Yippy, Inc. (YIPI) to Support Globalstar's (GSAT) Software Services Initiative to Market the Worldwide Distribution of Yippy's     4/7/2017   Globalstar to Launch New Satellite Software Services Using Yippy’s Compression Technology     4/6/2017   1,200 Long-Distance Runners in the 2017 MARATHON DES SABLES to use SPOT Gen3 for Safety and Tracking    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Globalstar, Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services via satellite. The Company primarily provides business and recreational communications to industry, government, and individual customers located in remote areas throughout the world.    Address  300 Holiday Square BlvdCovington, LA 70433United States   Phone  1-985-335-1500   Website   www.globalstar.com     Executives Board Members    James Monroe "Jay"  Chairman/CEO    Rebecca S Clary  VP/CFO    L Barbee Ponder  VP:Regulatory Affairs/Gen Cnsl    Kyle Pickens  VP:Strategy & Communications    Richard S Roberts  Secretary     Show More         


Globalstar - Wikipedia






















 






Globalstar

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Globalstar, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE MKT: GSAT


Founded

Predecessor company Globalstar LP founded March 24, 1991; restructured as Globalstar, LLC in 2003.
Current company incorporated into Globalstar, Inc. in Spring of 2006.


Headquarters
Covington, Louisiana, U.S.


Products
Satellite phones, satellite data modems, SPOT Satellite Messenger(TM)


Services
Satellite communication, Asset tracking


Parent
Thermo Capital Partners LLC


Subsidiaries
Spot LLC


Website
globalstar.com


Globalstar is a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite constellation for satellite phone and low-speed data communications, somewhat similar to the Iridium satellite constellation and Orbcomm satellite systems. A Globalstar second-generation constellation will consist of 24 Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services

2.1 Portable Telephones
2.2 Fixed Telephones
2.3 Simplex Data Modems
2.4 Duplex Voice/Data Modules
2.5 Services


3 System architecture

3.1 Gateways
3.2 First Generation Satellites

3.2.1 First-Generation satellite problems
3.2.2 Globalstar's interim solution


3.3 Second-generation satellites


4 Business operations

4.1 Corporate structure and financing
4.2 SPOT LLC
4.3 Employees


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
The Globalstar project was launched in 1991 as a joint venture of Loral Corporation and Qualcomm. On March 24, 1994, the two sponsors announced formation of Globalstar LP, a limited partnership established in the U.S., with financial participation from eight other companies, including Alcatel, AirTouch, Deutsche Aerospace, Hyundai and Vodafone. At that time, the company predicted the system would launch in 1998, based on an investment of $1.8 billion.
Globalstar received its US spectrum allocation from the FCC in January 1995, and continued to negotiate with other nations for rights to use the same radio frequencies in their countries.
The first satellites were launched in February 1998, but system deployment was delayed due to a launch failure in September 1998 that resulted in the loss of 12 satellites in a launch by the Russian Space Agency. In February 2000, it launched the last of 52 satellites—48 satellites and four in-orbit spares. Another eight unlaunched satellites were maintained as ground spares.
The first call on the original Globalstar system was placed on November 1, 1998, from Qualcomm chairman Irwin Jacobs in San Diego to Loral Space & Communications CEO and chairman Bernard Schwartz in New York City.
In October 1999, the system began "friendly user" trials with 44 of 48 planned satellites. In December 1999, the system began limited commercial service for 200 users with the full 48 satellites (no spares in orbit). In February 2000, it began full commercial service with its 48 satellites and 4 spares in North America, Europe and Brazil. Initial prices were $1.79/minute.
On February 15, 2002, the predecessor company Globalstar (old Globalstar) and three of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
In 2004, restructuring of the old Globalstar was completed. The first stage of the restructuring was completed on December 5, 2003, when Thermo Capital Partners LLC was deemed to obtain operational control of the business, as well as certain ownership rights and risks. Thermo Capital Partners, became the principal owner.
Globalstar LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in November 2003, and was converted into Globalstar, Inc., on March 17, 2006.
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight additional first-generation spare satellites into space to help compensate for the premature failure of their in-orbit satellites. Between 2010 and 2013, Globalstar launched 24 second-generation satellites in an effort to restore their system to full service.
Between 2010 and 2011, Globalstar moved its headquarters from Silicon Valley to Covington, Louisiana in part to take advantage of the state's tax breaks and low cost of living.[2]
Products and services[edit]
Globalstar is a provider of mobile satellite voice and data services. Globalstar offers these services to commercial and recreational users in more than 120 countries around the world.
The Company's products include mobile and fixed satellite telephones, simplex and duplex satellite data modems and satellite airtime packages.
In late 2007, Globalstar subsidiary SPOT LLC launched a handheld satellite messaging and tracking personal safety device known as the SPOT Satellite Messenger.
Many land based and maritime industries make use of the various Globalstar products and services from remote areas beyond the reach of cellular and landline telephone service.
Global customer segments include: oil and gas, government, mining, forestry, commercial fishing, utilities, military, transportation, heavy construction, emergency preparedness, and business continuity as well as individual recreational users.
Globalstar data solutions are used for a variety of asset and personal tracking, data monitoring and "Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition" or SCADA applications.




A Qualcomm GSP-1600 Satellite Phone


Portable Telephones[edit]

Ericsson R290
Globalstar GSP-1600
Globalstar GSP-1700 (current)
Telit SAT550
Telit SAT600

Fixed Telephones[edit]

Globalstar GSP-2900

Simplex Data Modems[edit]

Globalstar STX-2
Globalstar STX-3
Geoforce Myte

Duplex Voice/Data Modules[edit]

Globalstar GSP-1720

Services[edit]

Voice Telephony
One-way mobile-terminated SMS text messaging
9,600 bit/s circuit-switched data calls
9,600 bit/s packet-switched Internet access
One-way mobile originated short-burst messages (simplex devices only)
Device geolocation within approximately 30 km

System architecture[edit]
Gateways[edit]
Globalstar satellites are simple "bent pipe" analog repeaters,[3] unlike Iridium.[4]
A network of ground gateway stations provides connectivity from the 40 satellites to the public switched telephone network and Internet. A satellite must have a Gateway station in view to provide service to any users it may see. Twenty Four Globalstar Gateways are located around the world, including 7 in North America.[5] Globalstar Gateways are the largest cellular base stations in the world with a design capacity for over 10,000 concurrent phone calls over a coverage area that is roughly 50% of the size of the USA. Globalstar supports CDMA technology such as the rake receiver and soft handoffs, so a handset may be talking via two spot beams to two Gateways for path diversity.
Globalstar users are assigned telephone numbers on the North American Numbering Plan in North America or the appropriate telephone numbering plan for the country that the overseas gateway is located in, except for Brazil, where the official Globalstar country code (+8818) is used. The use of gateway ground stations provides customers with localized regional phone numbers for their satellite handsets. But if there are no gateway stations to cover certain remote areas (such as areas of the South Pacific and the polar regions), service cannot be provided in these remote areas, even if the satellites may fly over them. As of May 2012, voice and full-duplex data service is currently non-functional over much of Africa, the South Asian subcontinent and most mid-ocean regions due to lack of nearby gateway earth stations.[6]
The Globalstar system uses the Qualcomm CDMA air interface; however, the Ericsson and Telit phones accept standard GSM SIM cards, while the Qualcomm GSP-1600/1700 phones do not have a SIM card interface, but use CDMA/IS-41 based authentication. Therefore, the Globalstar gateways need to support both the CDMA/IS-41 and the GSM standards.
Globalstar has roaming agreements with local cellular operators in some regions, enabling the use of a single phone number in satellite and cellular mode on multi-mode Globalstar handsets.[7] These cellular roaming agreements are not in place in North America. Because of improvements in cellular phones and networks and the limitations inherent to satellite phones, the newest Globalstar handset (released in 2006) does not include cellular connectivity as Globalstar does not expect subscribers to carry it as their only mobile phone.[8]
First Generation Satellites[edit]
Globalstar orbits have an inclination of 52 degrees. Therefore, Globalstar does not cover polar areas, due to the lower orbital inclination.
Globalstar orbits have an orbital height of approximately 1400 km and latency is still relatively low (approximately 60ms).
A Globalstar satellite has two body-mounted, Earth-facing arrays. First-generation Globalstars weigh approximately 550 kg, However, the second-generation Globalstar design will gain significant mass.
In 2005, some of the satellites began to reach the limit of their operational lifetime of 7.5 years. In December 2005, Globalstar began to move some of its satellites into a graveyard orbit above LEO.[9]
First-Generation satellite problems[edit]
According to documents filed with the SEC on January 30, 2007, Globalstar's previously identified problems with its S-band amplifiers used on its satellites for two-way communications are occurring at a higher rate than expected, possibly eventually leading to reduced levels of two-way voice and duplex data service in 2008. The company's simplex data services used to support the asset tracking products as well as the SPOT Satellite Messenger are not affected by the S-band satellite issue mentioned above. Globalstar also launched eight ground spare satellites in 2007 to help reduce the impact of the issue.
In the filing, Globalstar made the following statements:

"Based on data recently collected from satellite operations, the Company has concluded that the degradation of the amplifiers is now occurring at a rate that is faster than previously experienced and faster than the Company had previously anticipated."


"Based on its most recent analysis, the Company now believes that, if the degradation of the S-band antenna amplifiers continues at the current rate or further accelerates, and if the Company is unsuccessful in developing additional technical solutions, the quality of two-way communications services will decline, and by some time in 2008 substantially all of the Company’s currently in-orbit satellites will cease to be able to support two-way communications services." [1]

Industry analysts speculate the problem is caused by radiation exposure the satellites receive when they pass through the South Atlantic Anomaly in their 876-mile (1414 km) altitude orbits.[10]

"The S-band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the Company’s one-way “Simplex” data transmission services, which utilize only the L-band uplink from a subscriber’s “Simplex” terminal to the satellites."[11]


"The Company is working on plans, including new products and services and pricing programs, and exploring the feasibility of accelerating procurement and launch of its second-generation satellite constellation, to attempt to reduce the effects of this problem upon its customers and operations. The Company will be able to forecast the duration of service coverage at any particular location in its service area and intends to make this information available without charge to its service providers, including its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, so that they may work with their subscribers to reduce the impact of the degradation in service quality in their respective service areas. The Company is also reviewing its business plan in light of these developments."[11]


"The Company’s liquidity remains strong. At December 31, 2006, in addition to its credit agreement, the Company had unrestricted cash on hand and undrawn amounts under the Thermo Funding Company irrevocable standby stock purchase agreement of approximately $195 million."[11]

Globalstar's interim solution[edit]
In 2007, Globalstar launched eight spare satellites for its existing constellation with a view to reducing the gaps in its two-way voice and data services pending commercial availability of its second-generation satellite constellation, scheduled for initial launch in the second half of 2009. Globalstar will continue to operate its existing satellite constellation to provide and support services until the second-generation Globalstar satellites are available for service.
Until the new second-generation Globalstar satellite constellation is operational, Globalstar is offering its Optimum Satellite Availability Tool (OSAT) on its Internet site, which subscribers may use to predict when one or more unaffected satellites will be overhead at any specific geographic location.
To help customers deal with the S-band communication issues, Globalstar has provided a call times tool which calculates optimum calling times for a given location.
Second-generation satellites[edit]
In December 2006, Globalstar announced that Alcatel Alenia Space, now Thales Alenia Space in its Cannes headquarters, has been awarded a €661 million contract for the second-generation constellation. The satellites were designed with a life expectancy of 15 years, significantly longer than the design life of Globalstar’s first-generation constellation. The second generation constellation will consist of 24 satellites.[1]
In addition, Globalstar announced on April 3, 2007 that it has signed a €9 million agreement with Thales Alenia Space to upgrade the Globalstar satellite constellation, including necessary hardware and software upgrades to Globalstar’s satellite control network facilities.[12]
In August 2008, Thales Alenia Space began production assembly, integration and testing of the second-generation flight model satellites, in its Rome factory, for launch as early as Q3 2009.[13]
In July 2009, Globalstar, Inc. announced that it has received complete financing for its second-generation satellite constellation and signed an amendment to the initial contract, specifying in particular the adjusted conditions for production and the new satellite delivery timetable.[14]
The first six second-generation satellites were launched on October 19, 2010, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.[15][16] The launch used a Soyuz-2 launch vehicle with a Fregat upper stage.[17] These second-generation satellites are expected to provide Globalstar customers with satellite voice and data services until at least 2025. Six more second-generation satellites were launched in July 2011[18] followed by another six satellites in December 2011.[19] As of July 16, 2012, 18 of 24 new satellites had been launched.[20] Launch of the second generation constellation was completed February 6, 2013, with the launch of the final six satellites using a Soyuz 2-1a launch vehicle.[21] The 24 second-generation spacecraft weighed approximately 700 kg (1,500 lb) each at launch, and are 3-axis stabilized.[22]
Business operations[edit]
Corporate structure and financing[edit]
Predecessor Company - Globalstar LP. In February 1995, Globalstar Telecommunications Ltd. raised $200 million from its initial public offering in the NASDAQ market. The IPO price of $20 per share was equivalent to $5 per share after two stock splits. The stock price peaked at (post split) $50 per share in January 2000, but institutional investors began predicting bankruptcy as early as June 2000. The stock price eventually fell below $1 per share, and the stock was delisted by NASDAQ in June 2001.
After the IPO, the publicly traded Globalstar Telecommunications (NASDAQ symbol GSTRF) owned part of system operator Globalstar LP. From that point on, the primary financing for Globalstar LP was vendor financing from its suppliers (including Loral and Qualcomm), supplemented by junk bonds.
After a total debt and equity investment of $4.3 billion, on February 15, 2002, Globalstar Telecommunications filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing assets of $570 million and liabilities of $3.3 billion. The assets were later bought for $43 million by Thermo Capital Partners LLC.
Globalstar LLC and Globalstar, Inc. When the new Globalstar emerged from bankruptcy in April 2004, it was owned by Thermo Capital Partners (81.25%) and the original creditors of Globalstar L.P. (18.75%). Globalstar LLC was incorporated in April 2006 to become Globalstar, Inc.
Globalstar, Inc. completed an IPO in November 2006. The stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol GSAT.
SPOT LLC[edit]
In August 2007, Globalstar announced the introduction of the SPOT Satellite Messenger product, to be marketed through its latest subsidiary SPOT, Inc., later named SPOT LLC. The SPOT Messenger is manufactured by Globalstar partner Axonn LLC and combines the company's simplex data technology with a Nemerix GPS chipset. SPOT is intended to leverage Globalstar's still adequate L-Band uplink, which is used by simplex modems. The product was launched early November 2007.
Employees[edit]
The first five employees of Globalstar were transferred from the founding companies in 1991. Although few figures were publicly disclosed, the company apparently reached a peak of about 350 employees until layoffs in March 2001. However, this figure was misleading, as most of the development, operations and sales employees were employed by the company’s strategic partners.[citation needed]
Loral's chairman Bernard Schwartz served as Globalstar’s chairman and CEO until May 2001.
The company then appointed satellite telecommunications veteran Olof Lundberg to lead a turnaround at the company to serve as chairman and CEO. After beginning his career with Swedish Telecom, Lundberg had been founding Director General (later CEO) of Inmarsat from 1979 to 1995. He served as founding CEO and later CEO and Chairman ICO Global Communications from 1995 to 1999.
Lundberg resigned from the company (then in bankruptcy) on June 30, 2003.
See also[edit]


Mobile-satellite service
Satellite phone
Broadband Global Area Network
Gonets
ICO Satellite Management
Inmarsat
Iridium Satellite LLC
O3b
SkyWave Mobile Communications
Teledesic
TerreStar
Thuraya
Thales Alenia Space
Orbcomm


References[edit]


^ a b Globalstar web page: Second-Generation Satellite Constellation (accessed 6 June 2016).
^ "Globalstar Hits Milestone Exceeding 100 Jobs After Moving From Silicon Valley to Covington". Silicon Bayou News. 
^ "New satellites to revolutionise communications". BBC News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Tanenbaum, Andrew S.; Wetherall, David J. (23 July 2013). Computer Networks (PDF). Pearson Education. ISBN 9781292024226. Retrieved 30 November 2015.  Chapter 2.4.3 "Low-earth orbit satellites".
^ http://www.globalsatellitecommunications.com/gateways.html
^ "Coverage Map - Voice/Duplex". 
^ Reily Gregson. "Globalstar roaming offered in 30 countries". RCR Wireless News. 
^ http://www.tmfassociates.com/DualmodeMSS.pdf
^ ODQN 10-1.indd
^ "Space Intelligence News" (PDF). Ascend. March 2007. 
^ a b c http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1366868/000110465907007275/a07-3495_18k.htm
^ Globalstar press release
^ "Globalstar begins production assembly and testing of new second-generation satellites". Globalstar. August 27, 2008. 
^ "Thales Alenia Space welcomes Globalstar funding news ensuring second-generation constellation production". Thales Alenis Space. July 6, 2009. 
^ "Arianespace.TV > Livestream video coverage". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Globalstar Launch Campaign Continues at Baikonur". Roscosmos. 2010-09-28. 
^ "Soyuz Rocket Launch Beefs Up Globalstar Satellite Fleet". Space.com. 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ "Press Releases". 
^ Stephen Clark (February 6, 2013). "Six new Globalstar satellites ride Soyuz rocket to orbit". Spaceflight Now.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Arianespace/Starsem completes the deployment of Globalstar’s constellation with a Soyuz mission from Baikonur Cosmodrome". Arianespace. February 6, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Globalstar satellite tracking
IMPORTANT INFORMATION Concerning the Globalstar Satellite Constellation







v
t
e


Satellite communications



Main articles



Satellite television
Satellite radio
Relay satellite
Transponder
Satellite Internet access
Amateur satellites
List of communications satellite firsts
List of communication satellite companies
Ground station
more...





Hardware



Satellite Data Unit
Satellite dish
Satellite modem
Satellite phone
Very small aperture terminal





Satellite radio/TV



DVB-SH
S-DMB
DVB-RCS
DVB-S2
Digital audio radio service
more sat radio...
more sat tv...





Broadcast radio/TV companies



AfriStar
Astra Digital Radio
DirecTV
Dish Network
Sirius XM Radio
Sky Television plc
1worldspace





Relay satellite companies



EchoStar
Eutelsat
Globalstar
Hughes
Inmarsat
Intelsat
Iridium
SED Systems
SES
Telesat
Tooway
Viasat





Satellite manufacturers



Airbus
Arianespace
Boeing
INVAP
Lockheed Martin
Loral
Orbital ATK
Thales Alenia Space





Trade organizations



Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio






See also: Category:Communications satellites










v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Globalstar&oldid=784899682"					
Categories: Companies listed on NYSE MKTMobile phone companies of the United StatesSatellite telephonyCommunications satellite operatorsCompanies established in 1998QualcommLoral Space & CommunicationsHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from April 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from April 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from April 2008Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ItalianoLatviešuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 June 2017, at 16:06.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 































	Globalstar, Inc. :: Worldwide Satellite Voice and Data Products and Services for Customers Around the Globe
















 
	
	











|
(0)
 















































		Phones & Accessories



Sat-Fi
Phones
Docking Kits
Globalstar 9600



		Voice Services



Voice Pricing
Voice Mail
Roaming and Long Distance
Call Forwarding
Coverage Maps



		Data Modems



Simplex
Duplex



		Data Services



Data Pricing
Short Message Service
Position Location










		Our Story



Innovation
Business Benefits
Testimonials



		Opportunities



Develop Products With Us
Become A Dealer



		Value Added Resellers



Become A VAR
Find A VAR











		Knowledge Base



FAQ
Coverage Maps
Regulatory



		Product/Service Support



Warranty
Contact Customer Care
Make a Payment
Request More Information



		Locator Tools



Find a Dealer
Become A Dealer











		Tools



SMS Tool
Locate A Dealer
Secondary Phone Number



		Online Billing



Overview
Sign In
Register



		E-commerce Account



Login / Register
View Cart
Checkout



		Other Resources



Shipping and Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Warranty
Service Agreement
Contact Us









































  













  























    


Two EU Peacekeeping Forces Select Globalstar-enabled SafeFleet Telematics to Track Vehicles and Protect Staff


General Electric Wind Energy chooses Globalstar's SPOT Gen3 to Safeguard Workers in EMEA and Asia


Intermodal 2016: Globalstar launches STINGR satellite chipset


Globalstar and Manx Telecom Join Forces to Develop World's First Integrated Cellular and Mobile Satellite Service

Globalstar and Manx Telecom Join Forces to Develop World's First Integrated Cellular and Mobile Satellite Service 
Ovinto and Globalstar underpin brewing industry's first Internet of Things (IoT) deployment for beer shipment monitoring
Global Telesat Communications Awarded Contract with UK's Forestry Commission for Emergency Response System






 


 
 Globalstar brings you the most affordable, most accessible and most advanced Pre-paid service on the market,  click here »

 
 Globalstar products are available  only at Globalstar retail locations. To find an authorized Dealer near you,  click here » 

 

                	View or pay your bill online by signing up and logging into Globalstar My Account. To log in,  click here »


 
 Have a question? We're here to help you! You can  browse our FAQ section, check popular pages found in the toolbox or log in to My Account for billing information and account status. If you still need to  speak to us, please  click here »









                    Get the latest Globalstar news and updates,   click here » 








 









HomeProducts & ServicesWork With UsSupportToolboxInvestorsPress CenterAbout GlobalstarContact Us




				Copyright &copy 2017 Globalstar. All rights reserved. 
				Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

				All SPOT products described on this website are the products of Spot LLC, which is not affiliated  
				in any manner with Spot Image of Toulouse, France or Spot Image Corporation of Chantilly, Virginia.

			






 Note
 You are about to enter the Globalstar corporate site. 
 Proceed »





 












GLOBALSTAR AFRICA


Sean McCormick
        Plot 50362, Fairgrounds, Gaborone, Botswana
Sean.McCormick@globalstar.com

Corry Brennan
        Simplex Regional Sales Manager – Europe, Middle East, North Africa
        Globalstar Europe Satellite Services Ltd.
        Unit 10, The Hyde Building
        The Park, Carrickmines
        Dublin 18, Ireland
        +353 1 2909571
Corry.Brennan@Globalstar.com








Globalstar International Landing Page















 









Region: 
		
 --- Select Your Region --- 
USA
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
Europe (English)
Europe (Français)
Europe (Español)
Latin America (Português)
Latin America (Español)
Africa (English)
-----------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Azores
Bahrain
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Caribbean
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
CostaRica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech-Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faeroe Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Iraq (Eurasia)
Israel
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Korea
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanaon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Madeira
Malawi
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Melilla
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Palestine
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
San Marino
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tadjikistan
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
USA
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Venezuela
Western Sahara
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Other



Remember Selection 



Japan

				Great News: 
				Our products work here! Currently there is not a retail network in this area. For product information, coverage and distribution inquiries, please contact: 

				Mark O'Connell
Mark.OConnell@globalstar.com






United States | Canada (EN) | Canada (FR) | Latin America (SP) | Latin America (PR) | Europe (EN) | Europe (FR) | Europe (SP)







Globalstar International Landing Page















 









Region: 
		
 --- Select Your Region --- 
USA
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
Europe (English)
Europe (Français)
Europe (Español)
Latin America (Português)
Latin America (Español)
Africa (English)
-----------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Azores
Bahrain
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Caribbean
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
CostaRica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech-Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faeroe Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Iraq (Eurasia)
Israel
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Korea
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanaon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Madeira
Malawi
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Melilla
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Palestine
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
San Marino
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tadjikistan
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
USA
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Venezuela
Western Sahara
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Other



Remember Selection 



Japan

				Great News: 
				Our products work here! Currently there is not a retail network in this area. For product information, coverage and distribution inquiries, please contact: 

				Mark O'Connell
Mark.OConnell@globalstar.com






United States | Canada (EN) | Canada (FR) | Latin America (SP) | Latin America (PR) | Europe (EN) | Europe (FR) | Europe (SP)








	Investors-Globalstar USA








 


































 
	
	












|
(0)
 

















  
































                           				 Phones & Accessories
                                    


Aviation Packages
Sat-Fi
Sat-Fi Data Access Vouchers
Phones
Docking Kits
Globalstar 9600
Extreme Systems




                           				 Voice Services
                                    


Voice Pricing
Voice Mail
Call Forwarding
Exclusive Toll Free Dialing
Coverage Maps




                           				 Data & Tracking Products
                                    


Simplex
Duplex
SPOT for Business




                           				 Data Services
                                    


Data Drivers and Software
Data Pricing
Email
GRIB Explorer
Weather Software
Short Message Service











                           				 Our Story
                                    


Innovation
Business Benefits
Testimonials
Globalstar News




                           				 Opportunities
                                    


Develop Products With Us
Become A Dealer
Request for Pricing




                           				 Value Added Resellers (VAR)
                                    


Become A VAR
Find A VAR












                           				 Knowledge Base
                                    


FAQ
Coverage Maps
California MTS Surcharge
Regulatory
How-To Video




                           				 Product/Service Support
                                    


Warranty
Contact Customer Relations
Make a Payment
Product Catalog & Guides




                           				 Locator Tools
                                    


Find a Dealer
Aviation Dealer Locator
Become A Dealer












                           				 Tools
                                    


 Short Messaging Tool
Roaming and Long Distance
Locate A Dealer
Aviation Dealer Locator




                           				 Online Billing
                                    


Overview
Sign In
Register




                           				 E-commerce Account
                                    


Login / Register
View Cart
Checkout




                           				 Other Resources
                                    


Shipping and Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Warranty
Service Agreement
Contact Us
Careers
CPNI Policy










HOME > Investors > Investors Overview






Investors
Investors OverviewCorporate GovernanceStock InformationSEC FilingsE-mail AlertsAnnual ReportsSelect FCC FilingsPress Releases





Contact Us
Email

InvestorRelations@Globalstar.com





Follow Us


 @GSATNews






GSAT NOW ON THE NYSE


Photos of opening bell ceremony 


Video of opening bell ceremony 


Jay Monroe on CNBC 



 


















Investors


Webcasts


Q1 2017 Globalstar Inc Earnings Conference CallThursday, May 4, 2017

		at 8:30 am ET 
		
			 
					Listen » 
				



 Globalstar Inc Annual Meeting of Stockholders (May 16, 2017)  

 Download Presentation 

 Globalstar Presentation: Burkenroad Conference (April 28, 2017) 

 Download Presentation 

 New York Analyst Presentation (January 30, 2017)  

 View Details 

 Globalstar Inc. Conference Call to Discuss FCC Report and Order (January 6, 2017)  

 View Details 

 Globalstar Presentation: Burkenroad Conference (April 22, 2016)  

 View Details 

 Odeon Capital Group LLC Conference Call (January 11, 2016)  

 View Details 

 Globalstar Inc Annual Meeting of Stockholders (May 28, 2015)  

 Download Presentation 

 Globalstar Presentation: Burkenroad Conference (April 24, 2015)  

 Download Presentation 

 Wi-Fi Innovation Summit Presentation Handout (April 21, 2015)  

 Download Presentation 

 Globalstar Sets the Record Straight - Response to Kerrisdale Capital (October 9, 2014) 

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Presentation: Bank of America Merrill Lynch's 2014 Media, Communications and Entertainment Conference (September 17, 2014) & Imperial Capital's 8th Annual Global Opportunities Conference (September 18, 2014)

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Presentation: Cowen and Company's 42nd Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference (May 29, 2014)

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Update: Annual Meeting of Stockholders (May 21, 2014)

 Download PDF 

 Notice Of Annual Meeting Of Stockholders (May 21, 2014)

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Annual Report (2013)

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Presentation: Burkenroad Conference (April 25, 2014)

 Download PDF 

 FCC Releases Proposed Rules For Globalstar Terrestrial Broadband Services Over 22 MHz Of Spectrum (November 03, 2013)

 Download PDF 

 Globalstar Congratulates Tom Wheeler and Michael O'Rielly (October 31, 2013)

 Download PDF 

 Senator Mary Landrieu Supports Globalstar FCC Petition

 Download PDF 

 Congressman Cedric Richmond Supports Globalstar FCC Petition

 Download PDF 

 Global Opportunities Conference (September 19, 2013)

 Globalstar Presentation Imperial 

 TLPS Presentation (June 20, 2013)

 June 20 Presentation to Chairwoman Clyburn 

 FierceWireless Webinar (January 22, 2013)

 Globalstar's New "Wi-Fi" Super Highway  
 Download MP4 file: Click Here 

 IMPORTANT Information Concerning Globalstar's FCC Petition for Increased Flexibility and Use of its Big LEO Spectrum Authority:  

 
		 Consolidated Reply of Globalstar, Inc. (January 29, 2013)
	


 
		Globalstar's Initial Response to Comments on its Petition for Rulemaking (January 15, 2013)
	


 
		Globalstar's Statement Concerning the FCC's Recent AWS-4 Order (December 19, 2012)
	


 
		FCC Public Notice (November 30, 2012)
	


 
		FCC Filing (November 13, 2012)
	



Stock Quote
Jul 28 2017  6:30PM EST

GSAT.QBB (Common Stock)
Exchange: NYSE (US Dollar)


Price
$1.88
Change
-0.06


% Change
-3.09%

Data as of Jul 28 2017  6:30PMMinimum 20 minute delay

Disclaimer: Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions.













Products & Services
Work With Us
Support
Toolbox
Investors
Press Center
About Globalstar
Careers
Contact Us




Copyright © 2017 Globalstar. All rights reserved. 
					Privacy Policy
CPNI Policy
Terms of Use
				
					All SPOT products described on this website are the products of Spot LLC,  which is not affiliated in any manner with Spot Image of Toulouse,
					France or Spot Image Corporation of Chantilly, Virginia.
				


















