

Global Blood Therapeutics Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:55 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its lead product candidate is GBT440, a hemoglobin modifier that binds to hemoglobin molecules, which is in Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of sickle cell disease (SCD) in adult and adolescent patients, as well as evaluates the safety and pharmacokinetics of single and multiple doses of GBT440 on adolescent patients with SCD. The company is also involved in conducting Phase 2 clinical trials of GBT440 for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which is a hypoxemic pulmonary dis...
Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its lead product candidate is GBT440, a hemoglobin modifier that binds to hemoglobin molecules, which is in Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of sickle cell disease (SCD) in adult and adolescent patients, as well as evaluates the safety and pharmacokinetics of single and multiple doses of GBT440 on adolescent patients with SCD. The company is also involved in conducting Phase 2 clinical trials of GBT440 for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which is a hypoxemic pulmonary disorder; and other pre-clinical research and development activities. Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, California.
Detailed Description


400 East Jamie CourtSuite 101South San Francisco, CA 94080United StatesFounded in 201195 Employees



Phone: 650-741-7700

www.globalbloodtx.com







Key Executives for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc.




Dr. Ted W. Love M.D.


      	President, CEO & Director
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $479.4K








Mr. Jeffrey S. Farrow


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $298.7K








Dr. Hing Sham Ph.D.


      	Senior Vice President of Research
      


Age: 65
        

Total Annual Compensation: $306.3K








Ms. Tricia Borga Suvari Esq.


      	Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $81.7K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Key Developments

Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. Receives European Medicines Agency Prime Designation for GBT440 for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease
Jun 28 17
Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. (GBT) announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has determined that GBT440 for the treatment of sickle cell disease is eligible for its Priority Medicines (PRIME) program. The PRIME program is a new regulatory mechanism that provides for early and proactive EMA support to medicine developers to help patients benefit as early as possible from innovative new products that have demonstrated the potential to significantly address an unmet medical need. To be accepted for PRIME, a therapy must demonstrate the potential to benefit patients with unmet medical needs through early clinical data. The GBT440 acceptance was supported by data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial (GBT440-001) evaluating the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of GBT440 in both healthy subjects and adults with SCD. Additionally, results from this trial, coupled with the well understood molecular pathophysiology of SCD and the mechanism of action of GBT440, support the scientific rationale that improvement in hemolysis and hemoglobin may be likely to translate into an improvement in patient symptoms and important disease modification. PRIME is a program launched by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to enhance support for the development of medicines that target an unmet medical need. This voluntary program is based on enhanced interaction and early dialogue with developers of promising medicines, to optimize development plans and speed up evaluation so these medicines can reach patients earlier. Through PRIME, the EMA offers early and proactive support to medicine developers to optimize the generation of robust data on a medicine’s benefits and risks and enable accelerated assessment of medicines applications. The goal of the initiative is to help patients benefit as early as possible from therapies that may significantly improve their quality of life. SCD is a lifelong inherited blood disorder caused by a genetic mutation in the beta-chain of hemoglobin, which leads to the formation of abnormal hemoglobin known as sickle hemoglobin (HbS). In its deoxygenated state, HbS has a propensity to polymerize, or bind together, forming long, rigid rods within a red blood cell (RBC). The polymer rods deform RBCs to assume a sickled shape and to become inflexible, which can cause blockage in capillaries and small blood vessels. Beginning in childhood, SCD patients suffer unpredictable and recurrent episodes or crises of severe pain due to blocked blood flow to organs, which often lead to psychosocial and physical disabilities. This blocked blood flow, combined with hemolytic anemia (the destruction of RBCs), can eventually lead to multi-organ damage and early death. GBT440 is being developed as an oral, once-daily therapy for patients with SCD. GBT440 works by increasing hemoglobin's affinity for oxygen. Since oxygenated sickle hemoglobin does not polymerize, GBT believes GBT440 blocks polymerization and the resultant sickling of red blood cells. With the potential to restore normal hemoglobin function and improve oxygen delivery, GBT believes that GBT440 may potentially modify the course of SCD. In recognition of the critical need for new SCD treatments, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted GBT440 both Fast Track and Orphan Drug designations for the treatment of patients with SCD, and the European Commission (EC) has designated GBT440 as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of patients with SCD. GBT is currently evaluating GBT440 in the HOPE (Hemoglobin Oxygen Affinity Modulation to Inhibit HbS PolymErization) Study, a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients age 12 and older with SCD. Additionally, GBT440 is being studied in the ongoing Phase 1/2 GBT440-001 trial and in the ongoing HOPE-KIDS 1 Study, an open-label, single- and multiple-dose study in adolescents (age 12 to 17) with SCD designed to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and exploratory treatment effect of GBT440.


Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Announces New Data Supporting Ongoing Clinical Development of GBT440 in Adolescents with Sickle Cell Disease
Jun 23 17
Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. announced the presentation of preliminary results from the single-dose adolescent cohort of the ongoing HOPE-KIDS 1 Study, a Phase 2a open-label study of GBT440 in adolescents with sickle cell disease (SCD). The results, which demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of GBT440 are similar in adolescents and adults, were presented at the 22nd Congress of the European Hematology Association (EHA) in Madrid. The Pharmacokinetics (PK) of GBT440 Are Similar in Adolescents and Adults with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) HOPE-KIDS 1 (GBT440-007) is an open-label, single- and multiple-dose study that is evaluating the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and exploratory treatment effect of GBT440 in adolescents age 12 to 17 years with SCD. Results presented at EHA showed that, in adolescents who received a single oral dose of 600 mg of GBT440, The pharmacokinetics and half-life of GBT440 were similar in adolescents and adults, with results supporting once-daily dosing and a high specificity for hemoglobin and GBT440 was well tolerated, with no serious or severe adverse events related to study drug observed.


Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Presents at Goldman Sachs 38th Annual Global Healthcare Conference, Jun-13-2017 03:20 PM
May 31 17
Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Presents at Goldman Sachs 38th Annual Global Healthcare Conference, Jun-13-2017 03:20 PM. Venue: Terranea Rancho Palos Verdes, Rancho Palos Verdes, California, United States. Speakers: Jeffrey S. Farrow, Chief Financial Officer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., please visit www.globalbloodtx.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 




Contact Information for Global Blood Therapeutics





























Contact







Global Blood Therapeutics
400 East Jamie Court, Suite 101
South San Francisco, CA 94080
(650) 741-7700
info@globalbloodtx.com
 
Investor inquiries:
investor@globalbloodtx.com
Media inquiries:
media@globalbloodtx.com
Business development inquiries:
bd@globalbloodtx.com
Stay Informed
Sign up to receive email updates about ongoing sickle cell disease and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis clinical studies, awareness and educational information and GBT news at: enroll.globalbloodtx.com












 




Patient Community | Global Blood Therapeutics





























Patients


GBT’s Commitment
Our team at GBT is passionate about making a difference in the lives of patients with grievous and inadequately treated conditions.
Through our ongoing drug discovery and development work, we are creating treatments that address the root causes of various blood-based disorders, thus potentially providing patients a way to better manage their health.
GBT is deeply committed to developing meaningful therapies that transform patients' lives.  We strive to understand the needs of the patients we hope to serve, and incorporate patients' perspectives and needs into our development programs.
In this section you will find background on sickle cell disease and hypoxemia.










 




Senior Management | Global Blood Therapeutics





























About





Management Team
Global Blood Therapeutics has assembled a team of employees, directors and scientific founders rich in scientific experience and capabilities in drug discovery, development and commercialization. Our management has a successful track record in developing and commercializing drug candidates in a wide range of therapeutic areas. We intend to leverage this expertise and experience to further advance our development pipeline.


Ted W. Love, M.D. 
Chief Executive Officer


Dr. Love joined GBT in June 2014 as president and chief executive officer with broad leadership and management experience in the biotech/pharmaceutical industry. Before that, he was executive vice president, research and development and technical operations at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he played an instrumental role in initiating and completing several of Onyx’s first Phase 3 clinical trials. Prior to Onyx, Dr. Love served as president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, Inc., where he led growth of the company to a market capitalization of $1 billion. Prior to that, he served as senior vice president, development at Theravance, Inc. Earlier in his career, Dr. Love held a number of senior management positions in medical affairs and product development at Genentech, where he served as chairman of Genentech’s Product Development Committee. As vice president, product development, Dr. Love oversaw the development strategy and execution leading to approvals of Rituxan®, Herceptin®, Xolair®, TNKase®, Raptiva and Avastin®. Dr. Love has served as a consultant in medicine in the Department of Cardiology at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He currently serves on the board of directors of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc., and Cascadian Therapeutics (formerly Oncothyreon). Dr. Love holds a B.A. in molecular biology from Haverford College and an M.D. from Yale Medical School. He completed a residency in internal medicine and a fellowship in cardiology at the Massachusetts General Hospital.




Jeffrey Farrow
Chief Financial Officer


Mr. Farrow joined GBT in April 2016 as chief financial officer with expertise in leading finance, risk management and investor relations for several public biotech companies as they evolved from discovery and development to commercial stage. Mr. Farrow previously served as chief financial officer of ZS Pharma, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company acquired by AstraZeneca. Prior to ZS Pharma, he served as chief financial officer at Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc., where he led Hyperion’s initial public offering and follow-on offering and was part of the team responsible for the successful regulatory approval and commercial launch of RAVICTI® for the treatment of urea cycle disorders. He previously served as vice president of finance at Evotec AG, a drug discovery and development company. Prior to Evotec, Mr. Farrow served as vice president of finance and chief accounting officer at Renovis, Inc., a drug discovery and development company acquired by Evotec AG. Earlier in his career, Mr. Farrow worked in the audit practice of KPMG LLP. Mr. Farrow holds a B.A. in business administration with a concentration in corporate finance from California State University at Fullerton. He is a certified public accountant (inactive).




Jung E. Choi
Chief Business and Strategy Officer


Ms. Choi joined GBT in April 2015 as chief business and strategy officer. She is responsible for spearheading the company’s business development activities and corporate strategy, including identifying and executing strategic transactions to drive corporate value. She also oversees patient advocacy activities. During her career, Ms. Choi has led or managed over 50 transactions exceeding $13 billion in value. Prior to GBT, she served as senior vice president, corporate development for InterMune, Inc., a biotechnology company acquired by Roche Holding AG, and served as an adviser on strategy and business development. Before that, Ms. Choi led corporate and business development for Chimerix, Inc. as a consultant and senior vice president, corporate development. Prior to that, she held various management positions at Gilead Sciences, Inc., including leadership of business development, licensing and mergers and acquisition activities. During her tenure at Gilead, she built and oversaw the corporate development group and led the U.S. commercial launch of Hepsera® for the treatment of hepatitis B virus. She also has venture capital and strategy experience having served as a vice president at Bay City Capital and an engagement manager at McKinsey & Company. Ms. Choi received a B.A. in human biology and an M.B.A. from Stanford University.




Tricia Suvari 
Chief Legal Officer


Ms. Suvari joined GBT in October 2016 as chief legal officer with extensive experience in the life sciences industry. Previously, she served in several senior roles at CV Therapeutics, Inc. (which was acquired by Gilead Sciences, Inc.), ultimately as senior vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer. In that position, she led the in-house legal team as the company transitioned from an R&D-stage company to a commercial-stage company with marketed products in the U.S. and EU and multiple partnering arrangements. Prior to CV Therapeutics, she served as corporate counsel at Genentech, Inc. in increasingly senior roles where she completed many complex business development and licensing transactions and advised on legal compliance for several commercial products. Before joining GBT, Ms. Suvari served as a vice president and general counsel at the non-profit Peninsula Open Space Trust. She has also served as an independent consultant supporting early-stage private and public biopharmaceutical companies. Ms. Suvari earned a B.S. in geology and geophysics from Yale University and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.




Hing Sham, Ph.D. 
Senior Vice President, Research


Dr. Sham joined GBT in July 2014 as senior vice president, chemistry and was appointed senior vice president, research in May 2016. He has significant experience and accomplishments in pharmaceutical research and discovery. Prior to GBT, he served as head of research and development at iOneWorldHealth/Path.org (PATH), a non-profit pharmaceutical development organization. Prior to that, he served as senior vice president of research and head of chemical sciences at Elan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he led the chemistry team in the discovery of two clinical candidates for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. Before that, he worked at Abbott Laboratories Inc., where he and his team discovered and advanced 10 clinical candidates spanning cardiovascular disease, HIV, oncology and diabetes. His 24-year tenure at Abbott Laboratories culminated in his appointment as a distinguished research fellow in global pharmaceutical discovery. Dr. Sham is the co-inventor of Norvir® and the primary inventor of Kaletra®, Abbott Laboratories’ first- and second-generation HIV protease inhibitors approved for the treatment of HIV. Dr. Sham has published more than 180 scientific articles in peer-reviewed journals and is a named inventor on 81 issued U.S. patents. Dr. Sham was named Hero of Chemistry by the American Chemical Society in 2003. Dr. Sham holds a Ph.D. in synthetic organic chemistry from the University of Hawaii and completed his post-doctoral training in the department of chemistry at Indiana University.




Peter Radovich 
Senior Vice President, Operations


Mr. Radovich joined GBT in November 2014 as vice president, program leadership and business strategy and was appointed senior vice president, operations in September 2016. He is responsible for the Company’s program management, technical operations, commercial strategy and quality assurance functions. Prior to joining GBT, he served as vice president of program leadership at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which was acquired by Amgen, Inc. Before that, he was senior director at Onyx, where he led the company’s global, cross-functional product team responsible for the development and commercialization of Kyprolis®. Prior to that, he held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in Onyx’s commercial organization supporting Kyprolis and Nexavar® and was a key member of the deal team for Onyx’s acquisition of Proteolix. Prior to Onyx, he was at Chiron Corporation (now Novartis AG) in product marketing supporting Proleukin® (interleukin-2) in multiple oncology indications. Mr. Radovich holds a B.A. in biology and chemistry from Texas Christian University and an M.B.A. from Washington University.




























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


 




Careers Opportunities at Global Blood Therapeutics





























Careers



Careers
We are looking  for exceptional individuals who share our passion for great science and  an authentic commitment to making a difference in the lives of patients with grievous blood-based disorders. 
We are currently  hiring for the following positions:

 
 











 




Social Community Guidelines | Global Blood Therapeutics





























About


GBT’s Social Media Community Guidelines
Thanks for your interest in GBT, we love connecting with you! We use social media as part of our commitment to support and educate patients, caregivers, healthcare professionals, advocacy organizations, job seekers and other stakeholders. Our goal is to be accurate and authentic and to share information that’s important to you.
We look forward to engaging with you and appreciate your feedback.
Understand that we work in a highly regulated environment, so please follow these community guidelines:

Tweets from @GBT_news are intended for US audiences only and those 18 years or older.
We may share links to third-party sites; however, GBT does not endorse and is not responsible for content from those websites. Please note that following or retweeting by GBT does not imply endorsement.
The content posted by GBT is for informational and educational purposes only and is NOT intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Your doctor is the best resource for medical advice and information. Please note that we cannot engage in discussions regarding specific products and treatments.
Please do not use these channels to report adverse events or medical side effects. If your comment does include possible side effects associated with an GBT product, we may be required to contact you for further information. You are encouraged to report side effects of prescription drugs to your physician, pharmacist or other healthcare professional immediately. You can also report these to the U.S. FDA. Visit http://fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. You may also report side effects to GBT at drugsafety@globalbloodtx.com.
We welcome your comments, but GBT is not responsible for user generated content.
Mentions, comments, likes, favorites and retweets are encouraged. Please note that due to federal regulations, discussions need to remain on topic and we may not be able to respond to all comments (mentions, replies or direct mentions). Additionally, we cannot address comments that contain any of the following, and users who violate these terms may be blocked:
	
Content that:
		
Is profane
Is defamatory or libelous
Is offensive or abusive
Is discriminatory, demeaning or disparaging
Is threatening
Is misleading, fraudulent or deceptive
Condones violence or illegal behavior
Mentions specific products or treatment options
Is disruptive to the community 
Is spam  
Contains proprietary, confidential, sensitive or non-public information about, or related to, GBT or any other person or company





Please be aware that when you publically comment to GBT on social media, you give us the right to use your ideas, your name/handle or posts in any way including the media, so do not post anything private or confidential. We love connecting with you and monitor our channels Monday through Friday from 9 am to 5 pm PST, so if you ask a question outside of these hours please understand that a reply may be delayed.
While we encourage everyone to participate in active discussion and share content, where appropriate, we cannot be responsible for views expressed other than our own.
We reserve the right to delete any of our social media platforms and its contents at any time. While these community guidelines cover the most common situations, we cannot anticipate everything. We may take actions not outlined in these guidelines, as deemed necessary and appropriate.
In addition to the privacy policy and terms of use of the third-party social media platform, your use of our social properties are governed by our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.










 




Global Blood Therapeutics

















TransformingTreatment of SevereBlood Disorders
learn more »







Committed to Serving Patients and Their Families 
learn more »









1


2





























About GBT
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need. GBT is developing its lead product candidate, GBT440, for the treatment of sickle cell disease and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
more »
Innovative Science
We are passionate and committed to developing our product candidate GBT440, an oral, once-daily therapy that is designed to modulate hemoglobin affinity for oxygen. GBT440 has the potential to treat sickle cell disease and improve hypoxemia in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
more »
Latest News
07-26-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Employment Inducement Grants07-10-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Expands Ongoing Phase 2a HOPE-KIDS 1 Study into Younger Pediatric Population06-28-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Receives EMA PRIME Designation for GBT440 for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)
more news »








 




Global Blood Therapeutics

















TransformingTreatment of SevereBlood Disorders
learn more »







Committed to Serving Patients and Their Families 
learn more »









1


2





























About GBT
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need. GBT is developing its lead product candidate, GBT440, for the treatment of sickle cell disease and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
more »
Innovative Science
We are passionate and committed to developing our product candidate GBT440, an oral, once-daily therapy that is designed to modulate hemoglobin affinity for oxygen. GBT440 has the potential to treat sickle cell disease and improve hypoxemia in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
more »
Latest News
07-26-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Employment Inducement Grants07-10-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Expands Ongoing Phase 2a HOPE-KIDS 1 Study into Younger Pediatric Population06-28-17 Global Blood Therapeutics Receives EMA PRIME Designation for GBT440 for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)
more news »













Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. - IPO Candy






































 Skip to primary navigation Skip to content 



BecomeaMember





 


IPO CandyEveryone's favorite site for IPO insights and analysis.Main navigationHome » Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.
01/20/2016 by   Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its product candidate is GBT440, a hemoglobin modifier that binds to hemoglobin molecules, which is in double-blind Phase I/II clinical trial indicated for the treatment of sickle cell disease. The company also focuses on developing an oral prophylactic therapy for hypoxemic pulmonary disorders and hereditary angioedema. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in South San Francisco, California.
 


Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.


Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its product candidate is GBT440, a hemoglobin modifier that binds to hemoglobin molecules, which is in double-blind Phase I/II clinical trial indicated for the treatment of sickle cell disease. The company also focuses on developing an oral prophylactic therapy for hypoxemic pulmonary disorders and hereditary angioedema. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in South San Francisco, California.

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn




Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.<p>Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its product candidate is GBT440, a hemoglobin modifier that binds to hemoglobin molecules, which is in double-blind Phase I/II clinical trial indicated for the treatment of sickle cell disease. The company also focuses on developing an oral prophylactic therapy for hypoxemic pulmonary disorders and hereditary angioedema. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in South San Francisco, California.</p>
CAUnited StatesPhone: 650-741-7700




GBT


                drugs to treat blood-based disorders
            

Documents
Roadshow



Main CategoryHealthcare
CategoriesDrugs


Contact


        http://www.globalbloodtx.com
    
650-741-7700
    








Address400 East Jamie Court, Suite 101, South San Francisco, California, 94080, United States
            





 









We love IPOs
The IPO market provides a magical window into the most exciting technologies, emerging consumer trends and important business developments - all testing their mettle in the crucible of the public markets. We are constantly learning and researching to deliver the best insights available.










We are independent
We have no vested interests driving our work. All the investment banks and brokers on a deal are paid to do a sales and marketing job. Our job is to remain objective and use a fact-based approach to evaluate the potential for an IPO.










We get the best ratings
IPO Candy has been recognized since 2009 as the single best place to get commentary, analysis and assets in the IPO market. The most common write-in comment we get from users is that they "love what we do."










We share everything we know
With three decades of research under our belt we want to share what we have learned and the best practices we have discovered. Our IPO University contains texts, videos and resources to share our process and help everyone develop their skills.






Become an IPOCandy Member
Enjoy the benefits of full access to our content including access to IPO roadshow slideshows and transcripts included in our posts. Members also get additional insights via email, receive our monthly Candygram and have access to our IPO calendar.
Become a Member













Company Overview | Investors | Global Blood Therapeutics

InvestorsCorporate ProfileGlobal Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need. GBT is developing its lead product candidate, GBT440, for the treatment of sickle cell disease and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.Stock Quote
GBT (Common Stock)
			  ExchangeNASDAQ GS (US Dollar)Price$26.35Change (%)  0.65 (2.41%)Volume811,872Data as of 07/28/17 4:00 p.m. ETRefresh quoteFeatured EventsWebcastGBT at the 2016 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting (Replay)12/05/16 at 12:15 p.m. PTASH 2016 Poster: Long-Term Dosing in Sickle Cell Disease Subjects with GBT440, a Novel HbS Polymerization InhibitorASH 2016 Poster: The 9-Item Sickle Cell Disease Severity Measure (SCDSM): A Novel Measure of Daily SCD Symptom Severity Developed to Assess Benefit of GBT440, an Experimental HbS Polymerization InhibitorASH 2016 Poster: Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of GBT440, a Novel Hemoglobin S (HbS) Polymerization Inhibitor for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD), in Healthy Male SubjectsCorporate Presentation Corporate Presentation (July 2017) Get help downloading or viewing the above file typesRecent NewsMore >>DateTitle 07/26/17Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Employment Inducement GrantsSOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., July  26, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) (NASDAQ:GBT) today announced that on July 24, 2017, the compensation committee of the Company’s board of directors granted one new employee an option to purchase 30,000 shares of the Company’s common stock with a per share exercise price of $30.25, the closing trading price on the grant date, and a restricted stock unit award for 25,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, in each case under t... 07/10/17Global Blood Therapeutics Expands Ongoing Phase 2a HOPE-KIDS 1 Study into Younger Pediatric PopulationSOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., July  10, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) (NASDAQ:GBT) today announced that it has expanded the ongoing HOPE-KIDS 1 Study (GBT440-007), a Phase 2a open-label study of GBT440 in pediatric patients with sickle cell disease (SCD), to include a new single-dose cohort in children age 6 to 11.

“Following positive pharmacokinetic and safety results from the single-dose cohort of adolescent patients age 12 to 17, which were recently present... 06/28/17Global Blood Therapeutics Receives EMA PRIME Designation for GBT440 for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)– GBT440 is First Potential Treatment for SCD To Be Accepted for PRIME –

– PRIME Designation Allows for Frequent and Early Interactions with the Agency Aimed at Assisting Accelerated Evaluation and Approval –
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June  28, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) (NASDAQ:GBT) today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has determined that GBT440 for the treatment of sickle cell disease is eligible for its Priority Medicines (PRIME)... 06/23/17Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Data Supporting  Ongoing Clinical Development of GBT440 in Adolescents with Sickle Cell DiseaseSOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June  23, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) (NASDAQ:GBT) today announced the presentation of preliminary results from the single-dose adolescent (age 12 to 17) cohort of the ongoing HOPE-KIDS 1 Study, a Phase 2a open-label study of GBT440 in adolescents with sickle cell disease (SCD). The results, which demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of GBT440 are similar in adolescents and adults, were presented at the 22nd Congress of the Europ... Upcoming EventsMore >>There are currently no events scheduled.					Receive E-mail AlertsSign up to receive e-mail alerts whenever Global Blood Therapeutics Inc posts new information to the site. Just enter your e-mail address and click Submit.







                     Data provided by Nasdaq.  Minimum 15 minutes delayed.Print PageE-mail PageRSS FeedsE-mail AlertsIR ContactFinancial Tear Sheet








































































            
    Here's Why Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Is Tanking -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Here's Why Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Is Tanking
Shares tumble after pricing details are released from the company's recently announced common stock offering.











                Brian Feroldi
            

                (TMFTypeoh)



            
            Feb 22, 2017 at 11:52AM
            
            





What happened
After Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT), a clinical-stage biotech focused on blood-based disorders, announced the pricing details of a secondary offering, its shares fell as much as 11% in early-morning trading on Wednesday. 
So what
Global Blood Therapeutics said it is selling 5.1 million shares of common stock to the public for $24.50 per share. That should net the company $125 million after deducting fees. The underwriters of the deal have also been granted the option to purchase up to 765,306 additional shares stock if they choose. The deal is expected to close within the next few days.
Wall Street is reacting harshly to this news because the company's closing share price on Tuesday was $28.50. Thus, it appears Global Blood had to offer a big discount to attract enough buyers. That could be because the original announcement of the share price offering only called for it to sell $75 million worth of its stock. Management's decision to supersize the offering could be the primary reason that a big discount was needed. 

Image source: Getty Images.

Given the extra dilution and less-than-hoped-for price, it is no surprise to see shares tumbling today.





Now what
Global Blood's stock has been on a monster run since the start of the year, rising more than 80% since Jan. 1. The jump is attributable to a handful of news items.
First, the first patient has been enrolled in the company's phase 3 HOPE study. This trial is researching its lead compound -- GBT440 -- as a hopeful treatment for sickle cell disease. Data from earlier trials suggests that GBT440 has a real shot at helping to treat this disease. If true, it is possible that the compound could go on to become a blockbuster.
Next, a paper describing the discovery of GBT440 was published online in ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters, a peer-reviewed publication. 
Finally, the company initiated a phase 1 study to evaluate the physiologic effects of using GBT440 in health patients under hypoxemic conditions. The goal of the trial is to further understand the safety and efficacy profile of the compound. 
Given that shares have responded so positively to this news, it seems like a good time to raise cash.
Of course, investors still have quite a bit of waiting to do to find out how well GBT440 performs in the HOPE trial -- top-line data isn't expected until 2019. Meanwhile, Global Blood's competitor bluebird bio continues to research its product candidate LentiGlobin as a potential cure for sickle cell disease. If Bluebird succeeds, then it is possible that GBT440 will quickly become obsolete. That makes Bluebird stock one that Global Blood's investors will want to follow closely. 




Brian Feroldi has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Bluebird Bio. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                                Brian Feroldi
                            

                                (TMFTypeoh)
                            

Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter.
Follow @brianferoldi








Article Info




                    
                    Feb 22, 2017 at 11:52AM
                    
                


                    Health Care
                












Stocks








Global Blood Therapeutics



                                        NASDAQ:GBT





                                    $26.35
                                

down



                                    $0.65
                                

                                    (-2.41%)
                                








Read More



Why Global Blood Therapeutics Rocketed Higher Today




















Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Here's Why Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Is Tanking @themotleyfool #stocks $GBT












































Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. - GBT - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
26.95


Day Low
26.10


Day High
27.25


52 Wk Low
13.35


52 Wk High
41.15


Avg. Volume
563,473


Market Cap
1.18 B


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
4.36





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
-8.33%


Most Accurate Est
-0.65


Current Qtr Est
-0.60


Current Yr Est
-2.51


Exp Earnings Date
8/9/17


Prior Year EPS
-2.48


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Medical » Medical - Biomedical and Genetics





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for GBT



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for GBT





Zacks Rank


Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 46%(121 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 31% (11  out of 16) 



Style Scores

D Value | F Growth | A Momentum | D VGM




Earnings ESP


-8.33%



Research Report for GBT

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.
GBT



BIOVERATIV INC
BIVV



Cellectis S.A.
CLLS



Enzo Biochem, Inc.
ENZ



Exelixis, Inc.
EXEL



Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
VRTX



AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
AVEO




See all Medical - Biomedical and Genetics Peers


 




Zacks News for GBT

Implied Volatility Surging for Global Blood Therapeutics (GBT) Stock Options
07/03/17-7:31AM EST  Zacks

5 Top Performing Stocks of the Best ETF of Q1
03/30/17-9:33AM EST  Zacks

GBT: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Company News for March 09, 2017
03/09/17-9:10AM EST  Zacks

Global Blood Therapeutics (GBT) in Focus: Stock Jumps 6.8%
03/02/17-7:40AM EST  Zacks

Why Global Blood (GBT) Might Surprise This Earnings Season
11/09/16-9:33AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company which is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders. Its product candidate consists of GBT440 is an oral, once-daily prophylactic therapy for sickle cell disease which is in clinical trial. The company in addition to GBT is involved in research and development activities targeted hypoxemic pulmonary disorders, including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and hereditary angioedema. Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. is based in South San Francisco, California.   





 






Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) Traded Significantly Above Its 50 Day Moving Average 












































 Finance DailyDaily markets, commodities, personal finance and economic newsGlobal Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) Traded Significantly Above Its 50 Day Moving Average
July 24, 2017 By Ted Blackburn Tweet
        Advertisement



Shares last traded at $29.95 which is marginally higher than $28.47, the stock’s 50 day moving average and a tad higher than the 200 day moving average of $27.58.  The 50 day moving average was up by +5.20% and the 200 day average moved up $2.37.  (NASDAQ:GBT) shares saw heavy trading volume with 838K shares changing hands by the end of trading on Friday.  Volume was up 44.66% over the stocks average daily volume. 
 There has been some selling insider activity on Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) recently.   Director Charles J. Homcy disclosed the sale of 100,000 shares. The shares were sold on June 2nd for a price of $27.04. The Director now owns $3,724,165 of the stock per the Form 4 SEC filing.
 Here are a few additional firms who have increased or decreased their stake in (GBT).   As of the end of the quarter Nisa Investment Advisors, LLC had disposed of  a total of 6,560 shares trimming its holdings by 55.1%. The value of the investment in GBT went from $439,000 to $145,000 a change of $294,000 quarter to quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc augmented its ownership by buying 59 shares an increase of 40.4% as of 06/30/2017. Meeder Asset Management Inc currently owns 205 shares valued at $6,000. The value of the position overall is up by 20.0%.
 Creative Planning grew its position by buying 40,600 shares an increase of 3,380.5% in the quarter. Creative Planning now controls 41,801 shares with a value of $1,143,000. The total value of its holdings increased 2,497.7%. As of quarter end Bank Of Montreal /can/ had sold 800 shares trimming its stake by 4.9%. The value of the total investment in Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. decreased from $597,000 to $421,000 a change of 29.5% for the reporting period.        Advertisement






  July 11 investment analysts at Morgan Stanley kept the stock rating at “Overweight” but moved down the price target  to $51.00 from $67.00. On November 1 analysts at Roth Capital added the stock to its research portfolio with a rating of “Buy”.
 Wells Fargo began coverage with an initial rating of “Outperform”. Equity analyst Empire Asset Management starting coverage on GBT by announcing an initial rating of “Buy” and setting a price target of $58.00.
 On September 8, 2015 Cowen & Company initiated coverage giving it an initial rating of “Outperform” and projecting a price target of $80.00. On September 8 analysts at Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on GBT setting a rating of “Overweight” and establishing a price target of $67.00.
 The company is now up by 4.36 percent from yesterday’s close.  As of the last earnings report the EPS was $-2.50 and is estimated to be $-2.54 for the current year with 43,613,000 shares presently outstanding.  Analysts expect next quarter’s EPS will be $-0.64 with next year’s EPS projected to be $-3.02. 
 Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., launched on February 04, 2011, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is involved in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company is developing its initial product candidate, GBT440, as an oral, once-daily therapy for sickle cell disease (SCD). The Company is evaluating GBT440 in SCD in a Phase III clinical trial of GBT440 in adult and adolescent patients with SCD. GBT440 inhibits abnormal hemoglobin polymerization, the underlying mechanism of red blood cell (RBC) sickling. The Company is also engaged in other research and development activities targeted towards hereditary angioedema (HAE)..
        Advertisement




TweetRevenue Generating Websites


EMCOR Group, Inc. (NYSE:EME) Sees Light Trading Volume with 69K Shares Changing HandsEmerge Energy Services LP Commo (NYSE:EMES) Trading Volume Significantly LowerTempleton Emerging Markets Fund (NYSE:EMF) Trading Volume Significantly LowerEmmis Communications Corporatio (NASDAQ:EMMS) Trading Volume Significantly LowerEastman Chemical Company (NYSE:EMN) Sees Light Trading Volume with 34K Shares Changing HandsClearBridge Energy MLP Opportun (NYSE:EMO) Experiences Light Trading VolumeEmerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Sees Significantly Lower Trading Volume
Markets

Economy
Peer-to-Peer Loans Growing in Popularity Among ConsumersIncrease in Young American Adults Not Owning Credit Cards For Various Reasons
Credit / Loans
Mortgage Rates Friday: HSBC, Commerce Bank Jul 28, 2017Commerce BankThe best 30 year fixed rate loans at Commerce Bank are on the books at 4.000% today yielding an APR of … [Read More...]
Categories 
Breaking
Technology
Auto
Health
Personal Finance
Economy
Mortgage

About Fi Daily 
Home
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Accessibility
Terms of Use

 Reuters: Business News
S&P lower as Amazon, tobacco stocks drag; Dow, Nasdaq flatNew York City Comptroller Stringer calls for new chairman at Wells FargoU.S. economy speeds up in second-quarter, wages continue to lagGoogle, Facebook show power of ad duopoly as rivals stumbleAirlines' Atlantic pact guards against budget rivals and Brexit





 




Pipeline | Global Blood Therapeutics





























Pipeline


Pipeline
GBT is advancing a strategic drug discovery, development and commercialization approach that leverages the team’s expertise in blood biology and structural and medicinal chemistry.
GBT440 Program Overview

Sickle cell disease

HOPE Study(all genotypes; chronic treatment of adults and adolescents)



    





HOPE-KIDS 1 Study(safety, exploratory efficacy and PK in 6-17 year olds)



    




Hypoxemia Program

Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis(IPF; oxygen independent)



    





ZEPHYR(IPF; oxygen dependent)



    





Basecamp(healthy volunteers)



    





































 




About Global Blood Therapeutics





























About


GBT is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need.
We are developing our initial product candidate, GBT440, as an oral, once-daily therapy for sickle cell disease, or SCD, and are currently enrolling patients in our pivotal trial program called the HOPE (Hemoglobin Oxygen Affinity Modulation to Inhibit HbS PolymErization) Study. More »
In addition to GBT440 for the treatment of SCD, we are evaluating GBT440 as a potential treatment for hypoxemia (low levels of oxygen in the blood). Specifically, we have three ongoing studies including two Phase 2a clinical trials in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, patients and a Phase 1 study evaluating the effect of GBT440 on oxygen saturation in healthy volunteers. More »












Insider Trading Activity Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) – Director Sold 27,053 shares of Stock | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Global Blood Therapeutics Inc    GBT










     GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS INC (GBT)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/28 10:00:00 pm

26.35
USD
 
-2.41%










07/27 INSIDER TRADING : GBT) – Director Sold 27,053 shares of Stock


07/27 GLOBAL BLOOD TH : Announces New Employment Inducement Grants


07/26 Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Employment Inducement Gra..

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Insider Trading Activity Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) – Director Sold 27,053 shares of Stock



































0






07/27/2017 | 07:50pm EDT 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Insider Trading Activity For Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT)
Deval L Patrick , Director of Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) 		reportedly Sold 27,053 shares of the company’s stock at an average price of 29.69 for a total transaction amount of  		$803,203.57 SEC Form
Insider Trading History For Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT)
On 12/22/2015Eleanor Ramos, insider, bought 11,000 with an average share price of $20.93  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $230,230.00.View SEC Filing
On 1/7/2016John Schembri, insider, bought 1,500 with an average share price of $21.57  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $32,355.00.View SEC Filing
On 12/16/2016 Kevin P Starr, Major Shareholder, sold 108,955 with an average share price of $16.00  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $1,743,280.00.View SEC Filing
On 4/6/2017 Robert I Tepper, Major Shareholder, sold 31,225 with an average share price of $33.23  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $1,037,606.75.View SEC Filing
On 7/21/2017Jung Choi, Insider, sold 3,000 with an average share price of $30.00  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $90,000.00.View SEC Filing
On 7/25/2017 Deval L Patrick, Director, sold 27,053 with an average share price of $29.69  					per share and the total transaction amounting to $803,203.57.View SEC Filing
Analyst Ratings For Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT)These are 11 Buy Ratings .The current consensus rating for Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) is Buy (Score: 3.00) with a consensus target price of  			$53.61 , a potential (98.54% upside)
Analyst Ratings History For Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT)
 with a price target of $43.00  to  $26.00On 9/30/2016 Wells Fargo & Company Initiated Coverage of rating Outperform with a price target of $75.00  to  $23.05On 12/5/2016 Cowen and Company Reiterated Rating Buy
On 3/1/2017 Nomura Initiated Coverage of rating Buy
On 3/1/2017 Instinet Initiated Coverage of rating Buy  to  Buy with a price target of $50.00On 3/15/2017 J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $44.00On 3/15/2017 Cantor Fitzgerald Initiated Coverage of rating Overweight  to  Overweight with a price target of $61.00Recent Trading Activity for Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.  (NASDAQ:GBT)Shares of Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.  closed the previous trading session at 27.00 down -0.90 -3.23% with 697,184  shares trading hands. 
The post Insider Trading Activity Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) – Director Sold 27,053 shares of Stock appeared first on Market Exclusive.© Market Exclusive 2017, source Market Exclusive




















































0






 






Latest news on GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS 




07/27 INSIDER TRADING ACTIVITY GLOBAL BLOO : GBT) – Director Sold 27,053 shares ..

07/27 GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS : Announces New Employment Inducement Grants

07/26 Global Blood Therapeutics Announces New Employment Inducement Grants

07/25 INSIDER TRADING ACTIVITY GLOBAL BLOO : GBT) – Insider Sold 3,000 shares of..

07/10 GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS, INC. (NAS : GBT) Files An 8-K Other Events

07/10 Global Blood Therapeutics Expands Ongoing Phase 2a HOPE-KIDS 1 Study into You..

06/29 GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS : Receives EMA PRIME Designation for GBT440 for the Tr..

06/28 GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS, INC. : Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibit..

06/28 Global Blood Therapeutics Receives EMA PRIME Designation for GBT440 for the T..

06/23 GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS, INC. (NAS : GBT) Files An 8-K Other Events



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




07/17 ROTY EDITION 1 VOLUME 12 : Updates And Several Trades

07/11 ROTY EDITION 1 VOLUME 10 : Insider Buying, Updates, And The Gunshot Technology C..

07/07 ROTY EDITION 1 VOLUME 9 : Updates And Presenting Our Seventh Idea

07/06 Global Blood Therapeutics Continues To Be An Attractive Run-Up Play

06/28 HEALTHCARE GAINERS / LOSERS AS OF 11 : 00 am


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
- 

            EBIT             2017            
-109 M 

            Net income             2017            
-110 M 

            Finance 2017            
114 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            


            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
            0            

            EV / Sales 2018
            
            0            

            Capitalization            
            
1 178 M 



More Financials
 



Chart GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS 




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS 
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsNeutralBullishBullish 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    10    
Average target price

56,3 $ 
Spread / Average Target

109% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleTed W. Love
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Peter Radovich
Senior Vice President-Operations
Jeffrey S. Farrow
Chief Financial Officer
Charles J. Homcy
Independent Director
Willie L. Brown
Independent Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS INC86.85%1 217





INCYTE CORPORATION32.36%28 093

QUINTILES IMS HOLDINGS INC20.58%19 791

LONZA GROUP41.51%18 096

CELLTRION, INC.--.--%12 524

ALKERMES PLC-1.22%8 819


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





 





Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT): Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT): Product News News | StockNews.com






















































   
        

   
        





Follow Us!
StockTwits
Twitter
























                Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT): Product News News              








GBT – Reports new data supporting ongoing clinical development of GBT440.

Jun 23, 2017 | 6:33am | By StockNews.com Staff 
 












 



Product News 





Key Facts Surrounding This News Item


GBT had a POWR Rating of C (Neutral) coming into today.
GBT was 2.72% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
GBT was 3.35% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
GBT was -0.30% below its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
GBT was -1.08% below its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
GBT was 23.02% above its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
GBT had returned +102.42% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a +9.64% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.

More Info About Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT)

Global Blood Therapeutics is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in San Francisco, California. View our full GBT ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
 






 


GBT at a Glance




                  GBT Current POWR Rating™
                   








                      Overall POWR Rating™
                    







GBT Current Price

                        $26.35 
                        2.41%                      



More GBT Ratings, Data, and News







 


GBT Price Reaction




The day of this event (Jun. 23, 2017)GBT Closing Price$29.85 2.05%GBT Volume3,199,100271.31% from avgLeading up to this eventGBT 1-mo return1.04%After this eventGBT 1-day return4.84%GBT 3-day return2.50%GBT 5-day return6.95% 



GBT Price Chart






























 



            More Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) News 
            View All





Event/Date
Symbol
News Detail
Start Price
End Price
Change
POWR Rating



Loading, please wait...



View All GBT News









Page generated in 0.8175 seconds.        










