










 













 














Indiegogo: From concept to market with crowdfunding






































































 



 






















              See all
            

                {{::i18n.t('homepage.tabs.for_you')}}
              

              {{::i18n.t('homepage.tabs.near_you')}}
            

              {{::i18n.t('homepage.tabs.trending')}}
            

              {{::i18n.t('tech-innovation')}}
            

              {{::i18n.t('creative-works')}}
            







            See all
 
          Explore categories
        








 


        Home
      





 


        Phones & Accessories
      





 


        Travel & Outdoors
      





 


        Film
      





 


        Community Projects
      





 


        Health & Fitness
      





 


        Fashion & Wearables
      





 


        Tabletop Games
      





 


        Music
      





 


        Equity
      









 


        Home
      





 


        Phones & Accessories
      





 


        Travel & Outdoors
      





 


        Film
      





 


        Community Projects
      





 


        Health & Fitness
      





 


        Fashion & Wearables
      





 


        Tabletop Games
      





 


        Music
      





 


        Equity
      






          See all
        







          Indiegogo Product Marketplace
        

          Buy products directly from the people who make them
        



See all
 
          Shipping now
        









        See all
 



          See all
 
          Explore InDemand
        













        Community highlights
      










                    Team Favorites
                  
Explore campaigns hand-picked by Indiegogo employees.











                    Success Stories
                  
Inspiration from the many shades of success on Indiegogo.











                    Travel Gear & Road Trip Products
                  
Have the best vacation ever with these great travel campaigns.










Get started today

          Discover new crowdfunding campaigns or start your own campaign to raise funds.
        


Explore campaigns
Start a campaign









Sign Up for Inspiration









 Private, secure, spam-free


Follow us


 

 

 

 

 



About Indiegogo


About Us
Indiegogo vs. Kickstarter
Careers
Partner Pages
Brand Resources
Press


Blog
Essential Guide to Crowdfunding
Trust & Safety
Help & Support
Contact Us




About Us
Indiegogo vs. Kickstarter
Careers
Partner Pages
Brand Resources


Press
Blog
Essential Guide to Crowdfunding
Trust & Safety


Help & Support
Contact Us






Language











Campaigning
Start Your Campaign
InDemand
Equity
Enterprise
Generosity
Success Stories
Pricing


Contributing
Explore
Collections
Partner Pages
Equity


Sign Up for Inspiration









 Private, secure, spam-free




About Indiegogo
How It Works
About Us
Indiegogo vs. Kickstarter
Careers
Brand Resources
Press
Blog


Help
Essential Guide to Crowdfunding
Trust & Safety
Help & Support
Contact Us


Follow us



 

 

 

 

 


Language







Terms of Use
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Partner Terms



            © 2017 Indiegogo, Inc. All Rights Reserved
          


























































 

Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc raised $504,975 on November 18th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/298722-gm-angel-backers-fund-i-a-series-of-master-syndicate-funds-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=298722  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc raised $504,975 on November 18th, 2014.Get alertedif Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc gets funded!Amount:$504,975Company:Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds LlcInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesUtahSalt Lake CityKey people:LLC AngelList Advisors, (Director) LLC Assure Fund Management, (Director) Jeremy Neilson (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC (0001625728) (Filer)Description:Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc has revealed it has landed a 500K capital raising (2014, November 18th). Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC  Funding details


GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001625728IRS Number: 300845363Address: PO BOX 171305  SALT LAKE CITY 84117Phone number: 8017133508



Latest news
GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC raised $959,975 from 22 investors on 2014-12-04.



GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-03Amended Form D$959,950$959,9500$10,0002306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-12-04Amended Form D$959,975$959,9750$10,0002206b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-11-25Amended Form D$959,975$959,9750$10,0002206b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-11-18New Form D$504,975$504,9750$10,0001906b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC raised $959,950 in total.



Directors and Executives of GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC
Key People in GM Angel Backers Fund I, a series of Master Syndicate Funds LLC:

LLC AngelList Advisors,LLC Assure Fund Management,Jeremy Neilson
Similar companiesGMB DYNAMIC ALPHA FUND, LP, GMB LOW VOLATILITY FUND, LP, GMB PERSISTENT ALPHA FUND, LP, GMI ES 14 LP, GMRC Holdings, Ltd, GMO ALPHA LIBOR (OFFSHORE), L.P., GMO GLOBAL ACTIVE EQUITY FUND, L.P., GMS ERISA GROUP TRUST, GMS Managed Portfolios LLC, GMP COMPANIES INC, GMT Exploration Co LLC, GMO Real Return Asset Allocation Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: Captain Fund I, LLC, Captain Fund I, LLC, Engage Co, LLC, Foodworthy, Inc., Giving Assistant, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Peer-to-Peer Small Business Lending &verbar; Funding Circle    Your business is exceptional.Your business loan experience should be too.Pictured: Dr. Celina Hatt of Pawsh Place Veterinary Center.Get a business loan of up to $500,00025,000 businesses globally already have.Get a business loanAffordable: term business loans starting at 4.99%Transparent: no hidden fees or prepayment penaltiesFast: apply in 10 minutes and receive a decision in as little as 24 hoursPersonal: dedicated support from your personal loan specialistInvest in successful small businessesMore than 60,000 people globally already have.Invest your moneyAttractive returnsAccess to a new asset class: secured term business loans underwritten by seasoned underwriters using robust data analyticsTransparency and control: passive and active online investment optionsOver $3 billion lent to small businesses globallyWe are building a better financial world. We connect investors to great American small businesses looking for capital through the Funding Circle online marketplace, and together, we help grow the economy.Learn more “With Funding Circle, I was able to bring yet another doctor on board… and open a children’s mental health center. That right there is rapid growth — thank you, Funding Circle.”Dr. Tonya Knox–Frazier of ExpressCare PediatricsWatch videoSmall Business Borrowers’ Bill of RightsOur mission is to build a better financial world, and we are proud to partner with industry leaders to set the first-ever gold standard for responsible business lending.Learn moreAs featured in…How it works






AngelList__Changing_The_Landscape_of_Investing - CASE E-520 DATE ANGELLIST CHANGING THE LANDSCAPE OF INVESTING In April 2014 Naval Ravikant took stock












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


UPenn


MGMT


MGMT 264


AngelList__Changing_The_Landscape_of_Investing






                                                                                                AngelList__Changing_The_Landscape_of_Investing - CASE E-520...
                                                                                    




SCHOOL


UPenn




COURSE TITLE


MGMT 264




TYPE
Notes




UPLOADED BY

yourhelpfulfriend





PAGES
                26
            




Click to edit the document details







This preview shows
                                            page                                                1. Sign up
                                                to
                                                view the full content.

View Full Document 








                                    This is the end of the preview. Sign up
                                    to
                                    access the rest of the document.
                                





Unformatted text preview: CASE: E-520
DATE: 06/15/14 ANGELLIST:
CHANGING THE LANDSCAPE OF INVESTING
In April 2014, Naval Ravikant took stock of AngelList, the company that he had cofounded four
years previously to help start-ups and entrepreneurs. AngelList had started as a blog1 with
advice and information for entrepreneurs—a “side project” that Ravikant and cofounder Babak
Nivi undertook to give back to the start-up community. The blog grew into an online platform
where start-ups and investors could discover each other, eventually evolving into a ubiquitous
tool in early stage investing (see Exhibit 1). AngelList had accomplished Ravikant’s initial goal
of breaking down the “old boy networks” of seed and venture capital investing. Now,
Ravikant’s vision for AngelList was to create even more transparent and liquid markets for
various services that start-ups consumed, including fundraising and talent acquisition. AngelList
had recently launched two products with the aim to upend the early stage investment and
recruiting industries.
Earlier, in September 2013, AngelList had launched Syndicates, a product that enabled the best
early stage investors to pool their own capital with that from a group of “backers” to make larger
investments in start-ups. AngelList had built a nearly completely automated online interface to
facilitate these transactions, removing much of the transaction costs and administrative friction
that previously made these types of investments difficult. Syndicates allowed more investors to
access early stage investments and to diversify their investment budget to amounts as low as
$1,000 per start-up. Over 70 Syndicate deals that had been completed on AngelList by April
2014. However, these were just the tip of the iceberg to Ravikant. He commented:
The world that I see coming is one in which a high-quality investor goes and
meets with a start-up. When they decide to invest, they pull up their iPad, they
sign their name with their finger, and they swipe a debit card. Others who believe
in this investor’s capability and know that he is credible from various signals, can
1 A blog is the truncated term for a web log, a set of individual postings that are published on the World Wide Web.
Yin Li (MBA 2013) and Lecturer Robert Siegel prepared this case as the basis for class discussion rather than to
illustrate either effective or ineffective handling of an administrative situation.
Copyright © 2014 by the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. Publicly available cases are
distributed through Harvard Business Publishing at hbsp.harvard.edu and The Case Centre at thecasecentre.org;
please contact them to order copies and request permission to reproduce materials. No part of this publication may
be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, used in a spreadsheet, or transmitted in any form or by any means ––
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise –– without the permission of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business. Every effort has been made to respect copyright and to contact copyright holders as
appropriate. If you are a copyright holder and have concerns, please contact the Case Writing Office at
[email protected] or write to Case Writing Office, Stanford Graduate School of Business, Knight Management
Center, 655 Knight Way, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-5015.
This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 2 put money behind this investor. All the documentation, legal paperwork, tracking,
and accounting occur in the cloud.2 If the company wants to take in money from
the crowd, it can do so by giving warrants or equity or advisory shares to
customers and other people who are helping the company. All of the processes,
all of the workflow, all monetary transactions associated with fundraising are
handled online.3
Now, in April 2014, Ravikant was working hard to grow the pool of capital behind AngelList’s
Syndicate leads. He hoped that in the future, both retail investors and institutional investors
would be able to investment through Syndicates. In fact, Syndicates would be a means for
institutional investors to directly access early-stage deals and bypass middlemen—fund-of-funds
and even venture capital funds—and their management and performance-based fees.
Since December 2013, AngelList had also started to monetize its talent portal, which for some
time had been making free matches between candidates on its platform and talent-hungry
technology companies. AngelList estimated that it was making approximately 4,000 matches
resulting in 200 hires each week. AngelList Talent had developed a reputation for delivering
high-quality leads to both candidates and employers, and it was being used by both start-ups and
later-staged technology companies such as Yelp and Uber. As of April 2014, AngelList was
charging companies $2,000 per full-time hire made through the platform, a small fraction of
prevailing recruiting fees. Ravikant wondered what other types of matches he could help startups make, for example, connecting them with lawyers, accountants, and even customers.
Ravikant was excited by the potential of AngelList. The platform had already brought several
innovations to the early stage investment ecosystem. Now the question was whether AngelList
could execute its full vision and make an even bigger “dent in the universe.”
COMPANY BACKGROUND
AngelList was founded by Naval Ravikant and Babak Nivi in 2010 as a platform to connect
entrepreneurs in need of seed funding with angel investors. AngelList was an extension of
Venture Hacks, a blog authored by Ravikant and Nivi to educate entrepreneurs on the ins and
outs of starting a company and raising money.
Naval Ravikant
Naval Ravikant graduated from Dartmouth College with degrees in computer science and
economics in 1995 and spent the following decade in Silicon Valley as a founder of technology
companies. In 1999, Ravikant cofounded Epinions, a consumer product review website. In
2003, Epinions was acquired by Dealtime in a transaction that rendered Ravikant and other
founders’ shares worthless. Yet, a year later, the new company went public as Shopping.com 2 The cloud refers to a model of computing where applications run on networks of servers, typically utilized by
multiple parties, rather than on a local computing device such as a personal computer, tablet or smartphone.
3
Interview with Naval Ravikant, April 2, 2014. Subsequent quotations are from the author’s interviews unless
otherwise noted. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 3 and ended its first trading day with a valuation of $750 million.4 Ravikant and the other founders
who had left sued the remaining founder and Epinons’ investors Benchmark Capital and August
Capital for withholding material information. After the suit was settled in 2005, Ravikant went
on to found online classified marketplace Vast.com. In 2007, Ravikant became an investor,
when he raised a $20 million fund called The Hit Forge, which invested in a number of notable
companies, including Twitter, Uber, and Foursquare.5
Babak Nivi
Babak Nivi graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with bachelor’s and
master’s degrees in electrical engineering and computer science, and was in the course of
completing his PhD when he decided to change direction and pursue a career as a venture capital
investor. Nivi worked as an associate at Seed Capital Partners, and also as an Entrepreneur-inResidence (EIR) at Bessemer and Atlas Venture. In 2005, Nivi became a vice president at
Songbird, an Atlas Ventures portfolio company. Nivi had a growing realization that there was a
great asymmetry of information between entrepreneurs and investors. Venture capital investors
were almost always more sophisticated and knew more about fundraising than entrepreneurs, and
the two parties’ interests were not always aligned.
Venture Hacks
While Nivi was working for Songbird, Ravikant advised him on how to manage the fundraising
process and conduct negotiations with investors. The duo decided to start Venture Hacks, a blog
that would distill the advice that Ravikant had given Nivi and other entrepreneurs over time.
Posts covered a variety of useful topics, including “How to pick a co-founder” and “How to
make a cap table.”6
Venture Hacks became a popular resource for entrepreneurs looking to understand the process of
starting a company. Nivi and Ravikant found themselves fielding frequent requests for referrals
to investors. The two soon realized that entrepreneurs needed more than advice—they were also
hungry for introductions to investors. Ravikant empathized with entrepreneurs in this area. He
commented:
Companies were connecting with investors in a very inefficient and slow manner.
Introductions were made one-by-one and then everybody would hoard
introductions like they were this magic currency. This is because when an
investor finds a company, they want to keep it to themselves. They want to
basically lock the deal down, make sure it doesn’t have a lot of options, and write
the check. The attitude was “if I give you an intro you owe me something.” 4 “Epinions,” Wikipedia, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epinions (March 31, 2014).
Connie Loizos, “His Brand Burnished, Naval Ravikant Plans New Fund with Babak Nivi,” PE HUB, November 5,
2010, http://www.pehub.com/2010/11/his-brand-burnished-naval-ravikant-plans-new-fund-with-babak-nivi/ (March
31, 2014).
6
A cap table records founders’, investors’, and employees’ percentage ownership of the company.
5 This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 4 So we said, “Let’s give it away.” Let’s give away the introductions. We believed
that if you’re a high-quality start-up, you should meet everybody, and everybody
should want to meet with you. Why should you be restricted to the few people
you’ve been able to talk to?
In February 2010, the Venture Hacks founders launched AngelList, which they announced as “a
curated list of super high-quality angel investors. And how to reach them.”7 The site debuted
with over 50 angels but quickly grew to 80 as additional investors created profiles.8 AngelList
became a platform where start-ups and investors created profiles and could follow each other,
send private messages, or request an introduction (see Exhibit 2).
In July 2011, eighteen months into its existence, AngelList announced that it had made 8,000
introductions between investors and start-ups. Of those introductions, 400 resulted in
investments.9 One entrepreneur described the experience of fundraising through the platform:
Recently, using AngelList has changed the way I've been fundraising. Where
traditionally, I've had to dedicate a block of time to fundraise full time, I can now
fundraise passively, meaning just by focusing on having an optimized AngelList
presence and a few specific techniques, I don't have to spend blocks of my time
finding high-quality angels. That is a game changer for us—fundraising is an
incredibly distracting process, and it's especially hard to innovate and iterate on
your start-up when you're distracted by bolstering the company's bank account.
Being able to have angels come to me has given me a freedom as an entrepreneur
that's just fantastic.10
By the end of 2012, there were some 40,000 companies (16,000 of which were raising money)
and 5,000 accredited investors on AngelList.11
SEARCHING FOR A BUSINESS MODEL
As AngelList grew rapidly, Ravikant and Nivi began to think about how they could turn the
platform into a business. AngelList had already accomplished bringing both start-ups and
investors together online. The next challenge was to figure out the best way to monetize the
connections that were being made on the platform while continuing to deliver on their mission of
helping entrepreneurs and start-ups. 7 Babak Nivi, “Launch: AngelList, a curated list of angel investors,” Venture Hacks, February 2, 2010,
http://venturehacks.com/articles/angellist (March 31, 2014).
8
Jason Kincaid, “The Venture Hacks StartupList Helps Fledgling Startups Pitch Top Angel Investors,”
TechCrunch, February 3, 2010, http://techcrunch.com/2010/02/03/startuplist-angel-investors/ (March 31, 2014).
9
Babak Nivi, “1.5 Years Of AngelList: 8000 Intros, 400 Investments And That's Just The Data We Can Tell You
About,” Venture Hacks, July 25, 2011, http://venturehacks.com/articles/centi-sesquicentennial (June 7, 2014).
10
Daniel Odio, “Deconstructing AngelList: How to Optimize Your Funding Profile,” DROdio, 2012,
http://danielodio.com/deconstructing-angellist (April 8, 2014).
11
Sarah Perez, “AngelList Gives Smaller Investors A Piece Of The Action With Launch Of AngelList Invest,”
TechCrunch, December 19, 2012, http://techcrunch.com/2012/12/19/angellist-now-gives-smaller-investors-a-pieceof-the-action-with-launch-of-angellist-invest/ (June 7, 2014). This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 5 Transaction Fee
AngelList decided against charging either investors or start-ups (or both) a transaction fee for
several reasons. First, U.S. financial regulations required AngelList to become a broker dealer in
order to charge a transaction fee, but broker dealers were highly regulated by the government.
Ravikant stated, “Being a broker dealer means you have all these regulations and requirements
that actually make it impossible to work with start-ups.”12
Further, the founders believed that there was a high likelihood of adverse selection if AngelList
were to charge a transaction fee. Both high-quality start-ups and investors who needed
AngelList less to access each other could choose to leave the platform in order to avoid the fee.
Ravikant and Nivi wanted to maximize the participation of both companies and investors on the
platform.
Finally, charging a transaction fee was at the time difficult to implement because the fundraising
activity that happened after the AngelList introductions was completed offline. Identifying and
getting access to high-quality start-ups—a very small fraction of start-ups on AngelList were of
investment quality—was a highly competitive process for investors. As such, while investors
were happy to browse and get introduced to companies, many took to using telephone, e-mail,
and in person meetings thereafter. Investors were hesitant to make public their interest in a startup (e.g., by following them) until post-transaction because they did not want others to discover
the company.
Due to investors’ preference to conduct investment activity off the AngelList platform, the
company was aware of approximately only half of all closed transactions that resulted from its
introductions. AngelList gathered transaction data primarily by indirect means. Ash Fontana,
who worked on AngelList’s fundraising products, commented on how the platform tracked
investment activity in its early days:
We heard anecdotes, but we also tried to automate it a bit. We’d ping the
founders when they got a lot of intros, to say, “Hey, you should add these folks as
your investors.” Alternatively, we’d see the investor later add themselves, and
then we’d see that they’d previously gotten an intro, so we could infer that the
investment was made as a result of an AngelList introduction.
Invest Online
In December 2012, AngelList launched a partnership with SecondMarket, an online marketplace
with broker dealer status. SecondMarket allowed investors to buy and sell illiquid assets online,
including limited partnership interests and private company stock. The partnership with
SecondMarket was a test of an investment vehicle—an LLC13, comprised of a group of investors
each individually contributing a small amount. The LLC pooled the capital the investors, and as
a single legal entity, made an investment in a startup.
12
13 HBS No. 9-814-036, p. 8.
Limited liability company. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 6 AngelList piloted Invest Online with 18 start-ups on its platform. To ensure the quality of the
companies in the pilot, each start-up had to have a lead investor willing to invest $100,000, a
sum that the company leadership considered to be the equivalent of a vote of confidence from a
community member with credibility. The minimum total investment by the LLC vehicle was
$200,000. Therefore, aside from the lead investor, there had to be at least an additional $100,000
of interest from other investors, who accepted the terms pre-negotiated by the lead. Only
accredited investors could participate in these transactions. In a press report, Ravikant
commented on the benefits of Invest Online for start-ups:
Instead of raising offline, you could get the bulk of your capital online without
hassle. And you could incorporate both small and large supporters in a round
without complication.
There were significant transaction costs and other frictions associated with the Invest Online
model, including creating the LLC and transferring money from all the investors into one
account. Additionally, a high level of coordination was needed to move a large group of
investors through the process. SecondMarket initially handled all of the back office operations.
AngelList estimated that it paid approximately $30,000 in legal and administrative fees per startup that fundraised using Invest Online
Over the next several months, AngelList automated each step of creating, marketing, and closing
an Invest Online transaction. By building its own back office and funds management
capabilities, AngelList was able to reduce the transaction costs by nearly 65 percent. These
included automating the tasks of bank account creation and the document signing.
Regulatory Relief
In response to the stock market crash of 1929, it had been illegal since the early 1930s for
American companies to fundraise publicly, known as engaging in “general solicitation.”
Companies raising funds through private offerings (i.e., not through an Initial Public Offering on
the stock market) were limited to word of mouth and other forms of private communications as
means of marketing their fundraising activity. These financial regulations had been crafted over
80 years previously with the aim of preventing companies from taking advantage of
unsophisticated investors, so called “widowers and orphans.” The ban on general solicitation put
many start-up fundraising-related activities, including those that took place in incubators and
various online crowd-funding platforms, in regulatory gray areas. Although AngelList did not
engage in crowd-funding and only worked with accredited investors,14 the regulatory
environment was nevertheless something of which the company had to be mindful.
In March 2013, AngelList received a “no action” letter from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), which served as assurance that Invest Online (later rebranded as Syndicates)
would not trigger enforcement action from the SEC. Additionally, the SEC confirmed that
AngelList could earn a performance-based fee (i.e., a carry) without broker-dealer status under 14 Accredited investors are sophisticated investors that have wealth or income levels above a certain threshold. The
U.S. government deems that only accredited investors can make certain types of investments. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 7 an exemption for venture capital investors. Fontana commented on the difference between
performance-based and transaction-based compensation:
When AngelList receives a carry from investors, it is considered performancebased compensation and not transaction-based as in we don't make more money
necessarily just based on doing more volume, and we don't make money based on
exactly how much investors are investing. We make money if investors make
money based on the performance of the investment.
Further, in July 2013, the SEC voted to implement a section of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups (JOBS) Act, which lifted the ban on general solicitation. With a great part of the
regulatory uncertainty lifted, AngelList moved forward with scaling Invest Online.
Fundraising
In September 2013, AngelList raised $24 million in financing. Industry press reported that the
valuation was approximately $150 million.15 Google Ventures and Atlas Ventures led the round,
but over 100 other investors participated as well. These included both several large venture
capital funds, including Draper Fisher Jurvetson and Kleiner Perkins, as well as dozens of angel
investors. AngelList completed its own fundraising using Syndicates, which it had debuted in
the same month.
SYNDICATES
Syndicates allowed a lead investor to bring other investors into a pre-negotiated transaction with
a start-up. A Syndicate lead had a band of “backers”—other AngelList investors who made a
non-binding commitment to invest in deals that the lead set up. Syndicate leads earned a carry of
zero percent to 15 percent from backers for each transaction. AngelList would also earn a 5
percent carry from backers for facilitating the transaction.
For example, Ben Davenport, an early stage investor and software engineer at Facebook, led a
Syndicate to invest in Bitcoin16 companies. As of March 2014, Davenport’s backers had soft
committed $532,000 to Davenport’s investments. On his profile, Davenport stated that he
expected his Bitcoin Syndicate to invest in six deals per year. In each of these transactions,
Davenport expected he would contribute $30,000 while backers would contribute a minimum of
$5,000 each to make up the balance of the investment (the minimum total investment size set by
AngelList for Syndicates transactions was $200,000). Backers of each of Davenport’s deals
would pay him a 10 percent carry and AngelList a 5 percent carry. Davenport’s Syndicate page
included the following description of why investors should back him:
I have been focused intensely on Bitcoin and start-ups in the cryptocurrency space
since mid-2011, and have been a seed investor in BitPay, Coinsetter, itBit and
15 Kim-Mai Cutler, “How AngelList Hacked Its $24M Round,” TechCrunch, September 23, 2013,
http://techcrunch.com/2013/09/23/angellist/ (March 27, 2014).
16
Bitcoin was an open-source payment system that uses peer-to-peer technology and operate with no central
authority or banks. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 8 Yoyocard. I run a private discussion group of entrepreneurs, engineers and
investors called SVBitcoin, which I would also invite my syndicate members to
participate in. I believe in 2014 and beyond, there will be a new wave of
entrepreneurs attacking the problems in the space: usability, security, liquidity, as
well as building the next layers on top of the base protocol. My angel investments
are not exclusively in Bitcoin start-ups, but they will be the focus for this
syndicate.17
Another example was Karl Jacob, an angel investor who led another Syndicate on AngelList.
Jacob’s Syndicate profile stated, “I have proprietary deal flow, and I am often the first call an
entrepreneur makes to raise funds. In two recent deals I was the only angel asked to invest…I
will try to Syndicate all my deals.” As of April 2014, Jacob had eight backers whose backings
totaled $16,500. Jacob expected that he would lead 15 Syndicate deals per year, with a typical
investment from him of $50,000 and a minimum backer investment of $1,000. Backers paid
Jacob a 15 percent carry, and AngelList a 5 percent carry.18
As of April 2014, start-ups had raised over $28 million through 72 completed Syndicates deals.
And 42 active Syndicates had made at least one investment in a start-up. Fontana estimated that
the average Syndicate transaction was close to $240,000, and that the average backer invested
approximately $10,000 per transaction.
How Syndicates Worked
Currently, AngelList carefully screened each potential Syndicate deal to ensure it had a high
likelihood of closing. To assess a deal’s viability, AngelList considered factors including the
number of backers behind the Syndicate lead. AngelList also considered whether the lead had
negotiated an investment allocation with a start-up that had limited access or was even
oversubscribed. If so, the Syndicate lead would be providing some of high value to backers.
Once a deal was syndicated on AngelList, the lead’s backers automatically received a
“reservation” to invest in the start-up. Up to this point, backers could still choose not to
participate, while other investors on AngelList that were not backers could also join. AngelList
sometimes helped market the deal by featuring it on the Syndicates web page. Additionally,
other investors could also discover and join the deal if they were following an existing backer.
If the interest level exceeded the lead’s allocation, then the lead (and sometimes the start-up)
curated the list of final investors, with priority generally going to the Syndicate’s backers. The
process of filling up a Syndicate transaction varied significantly with some deals being
oversubscribed early on and others requiring up to six to eight weeks of marketing.
The finalized set of investors then joined AngelList’s online closing environment. An
investment vehicle was formed, and a bank account was started where investors wired their
money (AngelList never directly touched the money). Investors also completed legal and
administrative paperwork online. As of April 2014, this process could take several weeks,
17
18 “Back Ben’s Syndicate,” AngelList, https://angel.co/bendavenport#syndicate (April 1, 2014).
“Back Karl’s Syndicate,” AngelList, https://angel.co/karl#syndicate (April 1, 2014). This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 9 depending on how quickly backers were able to complete all the necessary steps. Speed to close
was a competitive advantage for early stage investors—Syndicates that were dragging their feet
to close risked being displaced by another investor if the start-up became impatient. As such,
AngelList was working on shortening the time to close by automating as many steps as possible.
The platform was also considering moving towards having backers pre-fund accounts for their
Syndicates, in lieu of the current soft-commitment model.
Syndicate Leads
Syndicates allowed certain investors to put more money to work in companies that they had
identified and to earn a carry for providing other investors with access. Leads were also able to
invest in a larger universe of companies and were better positioned to negotiate with them, as a
result of being able to write larger checks. Many well-known and well-connected angel
investors quickly launched Syndicates on AngelList, as did lower-profile investors (such as those
that were employed at leading technology companies) who had a good pulse on start-ups that
were being formed within their networks. AngelList helped these investors gain greater reach by
featuring their Syndicates.
Additionally, some early stage and venture capital investment funds, as well as incubators, also
started Syndicates. These included Foundry Group, Social Leverage LLC, and 500 start-ups.19
Also, general partners of several venture funds also started Syndicates under their own name.
Brad Feld, managing director at Foundry Group commented in a blog post:
After joking that every VC [venture capitalist] in the U.S. was at this moment
discussing AngelList and how it might, or might not, impact them, we decided to
do something. Rather than talk, we decided to participate. After discussing a few
different ways to engage, we decided to form FG Angels, through which we’ll be
an active funder on AngelList.20
AngelList believed that funds and incubators were starting Syndicates because identifying and
vetting start-ups was a resource-intensive process and Syndicates allowed them to leverage their
brands to put more capital to work. Fontana predicted that some early stage funds would
effectively transfer their seed investment programs onto AngelList.
Syndicate Investors
Investors reaped several benefits by investing through Syndicates. Backers were able to access
in-demand start-ups and leverage the due diligence conducted by the lead investor. Syndicates
also had no management fees and often a lower total carry compared to early stage investment
funds, which typically charged a 1 to 2 percent annual management fee in addition to a 20
percent carry. With minimum investments from backers starting at $1,000, AngelList also
enabled more individuals to become early stage investors. Additionally, existing investors could
also diversify their investment budget over a larger set of companies.
19 For a complete list of Syndicates on AngelList, see https://angel.co/syndicates.
Brad Feld, “AngelList – Do Or Do Not, There is No Try,” Foundry Group, October 1, 2013,
http://www.foundrygroup.com/wp/2013/10/angellist-do-or-do-not-there-is-no-try/ (April 7, 2014).
20 This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 10 However, there were some potential downsides for investors. Regarding the behavior of
investing in deals discovered socially on AngelList, Mark Suster, a venture capital investor,
commented, “social proof can be helpful. But it can also be destructive. It certainly shouldn’t be
a proxy for good judgment.”21
Hunter Walk, who managed a seed stage venture fund, wrote a blog post titled “AngelList
Syndicates Will Also Pit Angel Against Angel.” Walk predicted that since Syndicate leads
commanded larger check sizes, there would be fewer spots for angels investing in smaller
amounts in any given transaction, which would increase competition between angels going
forward.22
Start-ups with Syndicated Investors
Syndicates had several near-term benefits for start-ups, but also possibly some long-term
drawbacks that were difficult to predict because of the short track record of the investment
model. Syndicates allowed a start-up to raise money from a large group of investors but only
interface with the lead investor. Investments were completed through a hassle-free online
interface. Start-ups with a small amount of space left in their fundraising round could also have
multiple investors participate through a Syndicate, which was particularly valuable when a
vertical-focused group, such as the Bitcoin Syndicate, could bring many experts within one
vehicle. These specialized Syndicates were quickly becoming must-have investors for start-ups
in some verticals.
With the ability to invest larger amounts, angel investors could better compete with venture
capital funds in larger financing rounds, allowing companies to be funded by angel investors for
longer periods of their life. This was significant because angel investors had a reputation of
being more “start-up” friendly than venture capital funds. One reason for the perception was that
some venture capital funds managed large pools of capital from institutional investors and were
not incentivized to provide portfolio companies with attention and support unless they had the
potential to be home-runs that could move the needle on the fund’s returns. Angel investors
typically invested their personal capital and were perceived to want to work with start-ups out of
a balance of personal interest and financial gains.
However, pundits also warned of potential negative consequences for start-ups that take
investments from Syndicates. Semil Shah, a technology columnist and investor, wrote on his
blog that, “founders will need to stay vigilant about the benefits/risks of having their leads
syndicate to retail level.”23 Shah questioned the ability of certain types of syndicates, especially
those formed by large and disparate groups of investors, to provide start-ups with support and
bridge financing during difficult times. AngelList pointed out that the vast majority of Syndicate
21 Mark Suster, “Is AngelList Syndicates Really Such a Big Deal,” BOTHSID.ES, September 29, 2013,
http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2013/09/29/is-angellist-syndicates-really-such-a-big-deal/ (April 1, 2014).
22
Hunter Walk, “AngelList Syndicates Will Also Pit Angel Against Angel,” Hunter Walk, September 28, 2013,
http://hunterwalk.com/2013/09/28/angellist-syndicates-will-also-pit-angel-against-angel/ (April 1, 2014).
23
Semil Shah, “Some Thoughts On The Big AngelList Deal,” Haywire, September 24, 2013,
http://blog.semilshah.com/2013/09/24/the-big-angellist-deal-is-important/ (April 1, 2014). This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 11 transactions had backers that were highly screened for their ability to add value, thus mitigating
the risk that Shah brought up.
Maiden Lane
In March 2014, industry press reported that a firm named Maiden Lane (the street in San
Francisco where AngelList’s office was then located) had raised a $25 million fund to invest in
AngelList Syndicates. Laws, AngelList’s COO, would be a partner of Maiden Lane and
Ravikant would be on the fund’s investment committee.24
Maiden Lane was a fund backed by institutional investors and was designed to allow them to
access early stage companies without the fees associated with typical seed funds. Instead,
Maiden Lane’s limited partners would make investments through AngelList’s Syndicate leads,
which Ravikant believed were the best-positioned and best-trained people to identify and
evaluate early stage investments. Maiden Lane would have no management fee. Further, while
the fund would earn a carry from its investors, the carry would be distributed to the Syndicate
leads. Ravikant elaborated:
Maiden Lane will create a new breed of micro-venture capitalists [syndicate
leads] who don’t charge management fees and who lead with their own capital.
Institutional investors can track and trace them every step of the way, and an
investor can fire and hire a lead with one click on their dashboard. And on the
other side the Syndicate leads are now managers who can start or stop investing at
any time. They can raise their carry if they are successful, they can pull in more
funds every single day. They don’t have to be locked in to the status quo
fundraising cycle and fund structure. Maiden Lane and AngelList create a
dynamic, smooth, liquid market for venture capital at the early stages where today
no market exists.
Maiden Lane was Ravikant’s vision for the future of early stage investing. Under existing
industry standards, institutional investors often paid several layers of management and
performance-fees to access early stage companies. If successful, Maiden Lane-like investment
vehicles would allow investors to pay only one performance-based fee to Syndicate leads.
Self-Syndication
In April 2014, AngelList launched self-syndication—a variation on Syndicates where start-ups
can create Syndicate on their own. Self-syndication required a start-up to have a $100,000
commitment from a high-quality investor. However, self-syndicated start-ups had no lead
investor and backers of a self-syndicated start-up paid 10 percent carry to AngelList (see Exhibit
5). 24 Dan Primack, “Maiden Lane launches to back AngelList syndicates,” Fortune, March 13, 2014,
http://finance.fortune.cnn.com/2014/03/13/maiden-lane-angellist-syndicates/ (April 13, 2014). This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 12 ANGELLIST TALENT
Meanwhile, AngelList was also working on monetizing the talent introductions it had been
making between candidates and companies since August 2012. Talent began as a byproduct of
the fundraising platform when start-ups that failed to fundraise or otherwise fizzled began to
approach the AngelList team for ideas on their next steps. AngelList recognized that many of
the founders from these failed start-ups were highly employable developers that were needed by
other start-ups that were successful and hungry for more talent. Kyan Pardiwalla, an AngelList
engineer, took on the project of building a product to connect the talent from start-ups that didn’t
make it with start-ups that did.
AngelList Talent was composed of profiles of companies and available jobs and profiles of
candidates. AngelList made matches between companies and candidates by having both sides
evaluate each other using a yes/no interface. Candidate could browse jobs on the site.
AngelList’s site described the different ways candidates could respond to job postings:
When you press “Yes, I'm Interested” the startup is notified. If they click “Yes”
on your profile too, we do an email introduction…add a note to the startup with a
few words on why you'd be a great fit.
When you press “No, Archive” the startup is not notified and they never see your
profile. You can press ☆ to add the startup to your Starred list and return to it
later.
Startups can see how many times you've clicked “Yes” in the last 30 days.
Pardiwalla designed AngelList Talent to maximize the opportunity for matches to occur, and to
eliminate what he termed “recruiter spam” which was typical of existing talent platforms.
Pardiwalla commented:
I was pretty personally dissatisfied how recruiting in the industry was happening
and how many unwanted communications I received from recruiters. I thought it
was just not the best way the world could work. For example, on most online
services, I am just one of a large pile of résumés that recruiters who have paid
$1,000 to $2,000 a month have access to. All they do is search for the term
“Ruby” in those resumes and maybe I did a Ruby project at some point in the past
and now I get all this spam for the rest of my life. So it's not really the best way
for recruiting to work.
AngelList asked candidates to fill out profiles with the aim of accurately and succinctly
summarizing “what a person was all about.” The profile collected and structured information
such as education and employment history and also links to projects that candidates had
completed (see Exhibit 6). Further, candidates were asked to provide a “Headline” about
themselves as well as description of their most impressive accomplishment. Additionally,
companies could see how many times a candidate had said “Yes” to a job posting within the last
30 days, which let them know the candidate’s level of selectivity. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 13 Companies provided information on the product, founders, funding, and level of traction. They
also wrote an answer to the prompt “Why us” and included the salary and equity range for each
job posted. AngelList also identified and put in a special section jobs that were from candidates’
personal networks.
AngelList also added privacy controls, which were designed to make candidates feel comfortable
about creating a talent profile without drawing the attention of their existing employers,
investors, and coworkers. Candidates could label themselves as “Actively Looking,” “Just
Browsing,” or even “Secret.” If a candidate created a secret profile, only start-ups that s/he had
said “Yes” to could view the profile.
Monetizing AngelList Talent
Initially, AngelList provided talent introductions for free. The product had been designed to
“make the intro and get out of the way.” However, by December 2013, AngelList was making
almost 3,000 introductions on a weekly basis, and the platform was generating very positive user
feedback from the technology community. One company that had successfully recruited through
AngelList wrote the following glowing review on the question-and-answer community website
Quora:
AngelList Talent is the best kept secret in hiring—although probably not for long.
We found our server-side architect, our RF [radio frequency] engineer, and our
hopefully-soon-to-be UX [user experience] lead via AngelList…The quality of
the talent has been really high and most importantly everyone we've interacted
with has had very realistic expectations about what a role in a start-up implies,
which has been refreshing. Part of it is due to the quality of companies and people
on AL [AngelList], but IMO [in my opinion] it is also due to the lack of
anonymity and lack of any contrived gamification/points/ratings systems on the
site.25
Another user commented:
My own theory is AL is different because it doesn't focus on what a start-up "will
do," but rather focuses on what a start-up "is doing". For example, screen shots,
demonstrations, lists of team members, founders, advisors, & investors. I'd take a
1 page AL profile over a 20 page business plan every day of the week.
AngelList decided to test charging companies for hires through AngelList introductions. Market
research showed that recruiters typically charged companies approximately 30 percent of the first
year’s salaries per hire that they enabled, or approximately $40,000 per hire and up to $70,000
for a very senior level hire. 25 “What do people think about AngelList Talent?,” Quora, http://www.quora.com/AngelList/What-do-peoplethink-about-AngelList-Talent (June 7, 2014). This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 14 AngelList experimented with a pricing model where companies could choose to pay either 10
percent of the first year salary or 0.25 percent of equity. The equity payment had been designed
to help small start-ups that did not have very much cash to spend on recruiting fees. However,
very small start-ups were confused by paying with equity, but also thought the cash fee was too
high. AngelList subsequently lowered the fee to $2,000 per full-time hire, and free for
contractors and part-time hires.
AngelList believed the right price was somewhere between $2,000 to $10,000 per hire, and were
continuing to test different pricing strategies. The company was also working to “close the loop”
on hires: tracking when companies hired someone as a result of an AngelList introduction and
collecting its fee. While AngelList kept track of introductions to hires by analyzing profile tags,
it currently only charged companies that confirmed by e-mail in an honor-based system.
The company was also looking forward to growing its talent profiles to functions and roles
beyond its current demographics, which were skewed towards developers and designers. For
example, AngelList would like to see more profiles for sales and marketing and business
candidates. Helping cofounders identify and connect with each other, too, was a goal.
LOOKING FORWARD
Ravikant was proud of how AngelList had helped numerous start-ups raise money and make key
hires over the previous several years. In the process, AngelList products had also increased the
access investors had to deals and enabled the most successful investors build their own
investment businesses.
Ravikant was also excited by the potential of AngelList to further transform the landscape of
early stage investing. Syndicates had many growth opportunities, including entering new
verticals such as real estate and entertainment, penetrating geographies outside Silicon Valley,
and covering later stage financing rounds. AngelList was also working hard to persuade
institutional investors to adopt this new investment channel, which could save them several
layers of fees. Already, there was some traction, as demonstrated by the Maiden Lane fund.
However, Ravikant also kept in mind several risks and uncertainties that AngelList would need
to weather. These included the regulatory risk that would likely always be an overhang.
Although AngelList had received a “no action” letter from the SEC which had provided a
reasonable amount of comfort, Ravikant was nevertheless aware that he was operating in a
highly regulated industry.
There was execution risk as well. To scale Syndicates, AngelList needed to accelerate the speed
with which deals could be completed on the platform. Ravikant had already noticed some
venture capital investors trying to displace Syndicates in transactions that were taking too long to
close. These investors tried to persuade startups who were in the process of a Syndicates
transaction on AngelList to take money for other sources instead. To that end, the company was
trying to move towards a pre-funded account approach, which would ensure that funds moved
quickly once a Syndicate lead decided to invest. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 15 AngelList was also vulnerable to the timing of the end of the current cycle of economic growth.
When that time came, there would be a pullback in investors’ appetites for new investments. As
such, the best time for AngelList to gain traction with institutional investors would be while the
cycle was still in its upward phase. Could Ravikant and his team execute on the scaling of
Syndicates within this window? The pullback would also be a test of how investors on the
platform would behave in AngelList’s first trough. Laws believed that AngelList investors were
better capitalized than the industry on average and would weather the downturn relatively well.
The sentiment of the community towards AngelList as a social platform, though it had been
positive to date, was also unpredictable. Laws commented:
We are riding a social wave that we don’t have control over. We don’t have the
numbers to know what the market we’re growing into is and so I don’t even know
when we start to top out. It’s all a social phenomenon that we’re a part of and you
always have this little thought, “what if it stops?” in the back of your mind. If it
was another type of business, I can turn up the marketing spend and get more
growth. Our levers here are amorphous—we are serving the community better to
keep the growth going.
For the previous several years, AngelList had undergone a period of significant growth and of
innovation in products. However, it was still possible that the platform could lose its popularity
if powerful investors turned against it. Naysayers had cropped up once in a while, but so far
none had managed to sway the community away from the platform.
Despite the risks and uncertainties, however, Ravikant was excited as he looked towards
AngelList’s future. He wondered how early stage investing would continue to transform over
the next 10 to 20 years, and what AngelList’s role would be in that process. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 Exhibit 1
AngelList Growth 2010-2014 Source: AngelList. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. p. 16 AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 17 Exhibit 2
Excerpts from AngelList’s Help Section
What is AngelList?
AngelList is a platform for startups to meet investors, candidates and incubators. It was started in
Jan 2010 by Babak Nivi and Naval Ravikant, who also write Venture Hacks.
How are the investors on AngelList verified?
All the investors have stated that they are accredited. The vast majority of the investors have also
made several angel investments.
You should verify that every investor you raise money from is accredited, whether or not you use
AngelList. And you should treat each investor you meet on AngelList as if you just met them on
the street. We give you information about each investor and display the source of that
information, but we don't claim that they're good people.
How do I contact investors?
You can message anyone who follows you or your startup. You can also message anyone who
requests an intro to your startup.
Next, you can ask people on your team to forward your messages to their followers. And the
AngelList team may also give you permission to message certain people.
Finally, you can message anyone who messages you first.
How do I prevent investors from stealing my idea?
If you're obviously fund-able (e.g. you previously started a company that made lots of money for
its investors), don't add a lot of information to your profile. If you're not obviously fund-able,
consider the risk of sharing your idea to be a cost of doing business. If you're not willing to take
this risk, don't use AngelList. Also keep in mind that it is rare for someone to care enough about
your idea to “steal” it. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 18

Exhibit 3
Excerpts from AngelList’s Syndicates Help Section
What is a syndicate?
A syndicate allows investors to co-invest with other notable investors. People who back a
notable investor's syndicate commit to invest in their future deals, and agree to pay them carry.
What are the benefits of syndicates?
Backers get access to dealflow, leads get carry and startups get access to capital.
Backers get access to the lead's dealflow and benefit from her experience in picking and
managing investments. Backers can invest much less than the startup's minimum for a direct
investment.
Leads get carry and leverage on their personal investments. They get to invest 5-10x their typical
investment amount, which gives them access to more deals, allows them to lead more deals and
provides access to startups with higher minimum commitments. Their larger investment amounts
may also bring major investor rights. Finally, leads get access to their backers' networks so they
can provide additional value to their investments.
Startups get more capital with fewer meetings. They get the attention of an investor who is
committing 5-10x their typical investment. They get access to the backers' networks without
putting each one on the cap table. And they can collect many small investments without a lot of
hassle.
How do syndicates work?
Here's an example.
Sara, a notable angel, decides to lead a syndicate. Investors ‘back’ her syndicate by agreeing to
invest $200K in each of her future deals and pay her a 15% carry.
The next time Sara decides to invest in a startup, she asks the company for a $250K allocation.
She personally invests $50K in the startup and offers an opportunity to invest up to $200K to her
backers.
Can investors who don't back a lead still invest in that lead's deals?
Yes. Non-backers can make reservations in syndicated deals, very much like making a
reservation in a company that is accepting online investments.
Non-backers invest in the same fund as the backers and the syndicate lead. Non-backers also pay
the same carry as the backers.
When a deal is oversubscribed, backer reservations generally have priority over non-backer
reservations.
What do syndicates cost?
Backers pay 5-20% carry, per deal, to the syndicate lead, and 5% to AngelList.
Startups pay nothing as long as the syndicate fund closes above $150,000. Otherwise, either the
lead or the company pays a one-time fee that covers the legal and administrative costs of closing
the fund and managing it for its lifetime. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 19 What's the legal structure for a syndicate?
Syndicate investors don't invest directly in the company but a special purpose vehicle LLC that is
created for each specific investment. The fund is managed by Assure Fund Management and
advised by the lead and AngelList Advisors, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AngelList.
AngelList Advisors and the lead receive the carried interest as Special Members of the syndicate.
The lead is required to advise the fund, tell the fund how they voted (or would vote) their shares
and if they buy or sell shares. The fund will generally follow unless there's a good reason not to
(e.g., conflict of interest).
What is carry?
Carry is a percentage of the profit of a fund, if any.
In syndicates, a special purpose fund is created for each syndicated deal. If that deal returns a
profit to the backers, the lead receives a carry.
This is different from venture capital funds which make several investments out of a single fund.
In a VC fund, the profitable investments must compensate for the unprofitable ones for the
general partners to receive a carry. The GPs may also have to return a minimum profit to their
limited partners for the GPs receive carry—this is known as a hurdle rate.
Since syndicate leads don't have to compensate for their unprofitable investments or return a
minimum profit to receive carry, they can charge a lower carry than traditional VC funds.
Who can see a syndicated deal?
The syndicate lead can choose whether information about the deal will be made available to
specific backers only, to the general AngelList investor community, or (with the company’s
permission) to the general public of even logged out AngelList users and the press.
Regardless of who sees it, the lead, along with the founders, will ultimately pick which investors
can participate.
Leads: How do I create a syndicate?
To create a syndicate, click the Syndicate tab. You'll need to fill in some basic information for
backers, including how many deals you expect to syndicate each year, and your normal
investment size.
To syndicate a deal, hit the "Syndicate a Deal" button in the lower right of the Manage Syndicate
page. The minimum deal size (your allocation in the round) is $200K.
Leads: What am I committing to?
Syndicate leads commit to providing a written investment thesis for each of their investments
and disclosing potential conflicts of interest such as warrants, advisory shares or an investment in
a previous round. They are also required to make a significant investment in each of their
syndicated deals, and to review and screen potential investors in each deal. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 20 Leads will need to sign a side letter making them an advisor of our fund manager, Assure Fund
Management, and register as an exempt reporting advisor with FINRA.
Leads are not required to syndicate every deal they invest in.
Leads should be prepared to field inquiries from backers about their investments, even though
backers have limited information rights.
Leads: Who can back my syndicate?
Any accredited investor can apply to back a syndicate. Leads can then accept or reject them.
Leads can also remove a backer at any time.
Leads should consider accepting only experienced investors, people they trust and people they
want to work with. Experienced investors will be less likely to stop backing a syndicate or opt
out of a specific deal. Inexperienced backers may also have unrealistic expectations about the
returns they will realize on their investments.
Leads: What happens when the syndicate's allocation is smaller than the total backing?
Each backer will be reduced pro rata.
Here's an example: Sara has a syndicate with 10 backers. Each of them back her for $10K, for a
total of $100K in backing. She personally invests $20K in a startup and asks for an additional
$100K for her backers. However, the startup is only able to allocate an additional $50K for her
backers. Because her total backing is larger than the additional allocation, each of her backers
would invest $5K instead of their usual $10K.
If a backer's reduced amount is less than the minimum investment for a deal, the backer will
invest the minimum investment.
If the reduced amounts still exceed the syndicate's allocation, the lead will exercise judgment to
reduce backers' investment amounts for that deal—the lead will likely favor backers who have
expertise in the startup's markets and have large backing amounts.
Leads: Can my VC fund form a syndicate?
Yes. Individuals and VC funds can both form syndicates.
If a fund has its own LPs, the lead should check if their LP agreement allows them to form a
syndicate. If it does, any carry the lead collects from a syndicate can be distributed to the fund's
GPs, LPs or split between them.
Backers: What am I committing to when I back someone?
Backers agree to invest in their lead's syndicated deals, on the same terms as the lead. They also
pay the lead a carry.
Backers can stop backing a syndicate at any time—of course, all of the backer's existing
investments in the lead's deals remain intact when they stop backing.
Backers can also opt out of specific deals. Backers that consistently opt out of a syndicate's deals
may be removed by the lead. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 21 Backers: I've been accepted to a syndicate—what's next?
The next time your lead syndicates a deal, backers will be notified and given the opportunity to
opt out of converting their backing into a reservation. The syndicate lead will also provide their
investment rationale for the deal and disclose conflicts of interest. Later, backers will go through
a closing process and wire funds.
Backers: When do I get my profits?
When an exit opportunity arises, the lead will advise the fund when to sell the syndicates' shares.
If there are any profits, they are then distributed to the syndicate.
For example, if the company IPOs, the lead will decide when to sell the shares. If the company is
sold for cash, the lead will distribute any profits to the syndicate. There are many other situations
that are not considered here—in any case, the lead advises the fund when to sell.
The syndicate fund, like all investors, is bound by restrictions with the company and can only
sell shares in certain situations.
Backers: What is transparency?
Transparency allows syndicate leads to indicate whether they are syndicating all of their
investments (of $100K or more). Leads are not required to syndicate all of their investments and
their transparency is not a legally-binding agreement. They may also change their transparency
setting at any point in time.
Syndicates that are not sharing all of their investments may suffer from adverse selection, i.e.
leads may keep their best investments for themselves.
Backers: Can I change my investment amount in a particular deal?
Backers can increase or reduce their investment in a particular deal or opt out of a deal entirely.
The lead may also reduce a backer's investment in a particular deal if the syndicate's allocation is
oversubscribed.
Backers that consistently lower their investment amounts or frequently opt out of deals may be
removed by the syndicate lead.
Backers: Do I co-invest every time one of my leads invests in a company?
You co-invest only when a lead syndicates a deal—some leads don't syndicate all of their
investments.
Backers: What information rights do I receive?
Overall, the information that backers receive will not be as detailed as direct investors. On the
other hand, most companies will not accept small direct investments. If a backer is interested in
making a direct investment, she should get an introduction to the startup.
An AngelList entity or the lead will distribute the following documents to backers when they
invest in a syndicated deal: This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 22 1. Documents related to the fund's formation such as its operating agreement, PPM and
subscription agreement
2. Terms of the investment as well as templates of the documents that the fund signs, such as the
underlying investment documents (not including the company's schedule of investors)
3. Qualitative updates on the company status, if available. This is very high-level information
that is similar to what VCs provide to their LPs. For example, it may include information
about the company's status with customers or financing. It will generally not include any
figures.
4. Any information investors need for their taxes (like K-1s) is distributed annually
Backers: What's a reservation?
Reservations are non-binding indications that an investor wants to invest in a company. When
one of your leads syndicates a deal, your backing is converted into a reservation in the company.
When there are enough reservations, investors will be invited to close.
Although reservations are non-binding commitments, backers who regularly opt out of deals or
do not follow through on their reservations may be removed from syndicates.
Backers: How is backing a syndicate different than investing in a VC fund?
Backing a lead and investing in a VC fund are complementary—syndicates are not intended to
replace VC funds. However, there are differences:
1. Backers get to pick a particular investor instead of an entire fund
2. Backers do not have a 10-year lockup on their funds
3. Backers can stop backing at any time
4. Leads typically personally invest more per deal than GPs Backers: Can investors outside the U.S. back syndicates?
Yes. Having a Tax Identification Number (TIN) is helpful but not required. Investors outside (or
inside) the U.S. should also get good tax advice when investing in startups.
Startups: Can my company be syndicated?
Your company must be a US-based C Corporation (preferably Delaware, California, or NY) and
have a syndicate lead.
Startups: Do I have to deal with a million new investors?
No. The lead and backers invest in a fund which then invests in the startup. Only the fund is
listed on the startup's cap table—the individual investors in the fund are not.
The fund is advised by the lead who signs documents and makes decisions for the fund. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 p. 23 The overhead is equivalent to adding a single large investor to the round.
Startups: Do backers count towards my company's shareholder limit?
Probably. The lead and backers invest in a fund which then invests in the startup. The fund only
adds one new investor to the cap table. But the fund will likely be interpreted as a pass-through
entity for the purposes of counting shareholders.
Fortunately, the JOBS Act just lifted the shareholder limit for a company to stay private from
499 to 1,999.
Startups: How do I communicate with investors in my syndicate?
You can communicate with investors in your syndicate once the deal is closed by clicking the
"For Investors" tab on your startup profile and posting an update. You can add files, traction
information and rich text. Investors in your syndicate will receive a notification when you post
here.
Are syndicates legal?
AngelList has obtained No-Action Relief from the SEC, meaning that the SEC will not take
enforcement action against users of syndicates.
Source: AngelList. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 Exhibit 4
Excerpt from AngelList Listing Active Syndicates Source: AngelList. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. p. 24 AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 Exhibit 5
Self-Syndicated and Investor Syndicated Economics Source: AngelList. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. p. 25 AngelList: Changing the Landscape of Investing E520 Exhibit 6
Excerpt from AngelList Showing Candidate Profile Source: AngelList. This document is authorized for use by Neha Budhraja, from 12/21/2015 to 5/15/2016, in the course:
MGMT 264: 001 Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management - Han (Spring 2016), University of Pennsylvania.
Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this document is strictly prohibited. p. 26 ...
                                            
View
                                                    Full
                                                    Document 







TERM
                Fall '11


PROFESSOR
Amit





Click to edit the document details













Share this link with a friend:




Copied!










Report









Most Popular Documents for MGMT 264






31 pages




            500_Startups__Scaling_Early-Stage_Investing
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    CASE: E-528
DATE: 09/05/14
500 STARTUPS:
SCALING EARLY-STAGE INVESTING
And so here I 
            


500_Startups__Scaling_Early-Stage_Investing
 








10 pages




            Caselette # 5
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    The Wharton School
Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management
HiTECH, Inc.
Series
            


Caselette # 5
 








4 pages




            Caselette # 4
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    The Wharton School
Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management
Caselette # 4: Liqu
            


Caselette # 4
 








3 pages




            Caselette # 1
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    The Wharton School
Venture Capital and Entrepreneurial Management
_
Caselette #1: Org
            


Caselette # 1
 








7 pages




            Session 7-CredEx - to post
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
CredEx (A) Case
Xu Han, Ph.D
Lecturer 
            


Session 7-CredEx - to post
 








38 pages




            Session 15-Valuation Methodologies
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
Valuation Methodologies
Xu Han, Ph.D
L
            


Session 15-Valuation Methodologies
 




View
                                        more










Study on the go

Download
                                            the iOS app
Download
                                            the Android app





Other Related Materials





21 pages




            A_DAY_IN_THE_LIFE_OF_A_VENTURE_CAPITALIST
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    CASE: E-444
DATE: 1/28/13
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A VENTURE CAPITALIST
For every one of 
            


A_DAY_IN_THE_LIFE_OF_A_VENTURE_CAPITALIST
 






21 pages




            An_Early-Stage_VC_Investment__DT_Capital_Financing_of_LuckyPai
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    An Early-Stage VC Investment: DT Capital Financing
of LuckyPai
In early 2006, Joe Tia
            


An_Early-Stage_VC_Investment__DT_Capital_Financing_of_LuckyPai
 






18 pages




            facing the financing options below which one would you choose and why A 100K
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
Angel Investing and Convertible Note
X
            


Session 13-Angel Investing and Convertible Note - to post
 






16 pages




            Venture Capital Its Impact on Companies Venture Capital funded the greatest
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
INTRODUCTION
Xu (Henry) Han, PhD
Lectu
            


Session 1-Course Overview - to post
 






18 pages




            Institutional Venture Partners XV LP Social Capital Partnership III LP US
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
Fundraising Crowdfunding
Xu Han, Ph.D

            


Session 12-Fundraising Crowdfunding - to post
 






20 pages




            Copyright 2016 by Xu Henry Han 11 Venture Capital Funds Economic Distribution
        

                        UPenn
            



                                    MGMT 264
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Venture Capital and
Entrepreneurial Management
VC Firm Structure
Xu Han, Ph.D
Lecture
            


Session 3-VC Firm Structure - to post
 















Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 




























University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) - Course Hero












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Schools


UPenn





UPenn
* We aren't endorsed by this school




University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) **
School Info 
University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) has 254 departments in Course Hero with 55,068 documents, 261 answered questions,  and 3 flashcard sets.




Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


http://www.upenn.edu


Application





Enrolled Students:
 24,806


Enrolled Undergraduates:
 11,548


Acceptance Rate:
13%


Source
								National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015. Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented.




* We aren't endorsed by this school




 


Popular Departments


ECON

3,527 Documents 35 Q&As 39 Advice 


CHEM

3,139 Documents 16 Q&As 11 Advice 


MATH

2,849 Documents 28 Q&As 27 Advice 


ACCT 

2,744 Documents 3 Q&As 3 Advice 


FNCE

2,420 Documents 4 Q&As 11 Advice 


BIOL

2,397 Documents 6 Q&As 11 Advice 







Find your department








All Departments (254)
'{[deptFilter.toUpperCase()]}' Departments ({[filteredDepartments.length]})


All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9








AAH

1 Document 


ACC

215 Documents 


ACCOUNTING

355 Documents 28 Q&As 


ACCT 

2,744 Documents 3 Q&As 3 Advice 


ADCO

1 Document 


ADVERTISIN

7 Documents 


AFRC 

200 Documents 2 Advice 


AFST

59 Documents 1 Flashcard 2 Advice 


AMCS

10 Documents 


ANATOMY AN

1 Document 


ANCH

160 Documents 


ANOX

1 Document 


ANTH

811 Documents 6 Advice 


ANTH/CINE

10 Documents 1 Advice 


ANTHRO

11 Documents 1 Advice 


APEC

1 Document 


ARAB

11 Documents 


ARCH

78 Documents 


ART

1 Document 1 Advice 


ARTH

190 Documents 


ASAM

51 Documents 


ASTR

100 Documents 


ASTRO

8 Documents 2 Advice 


AUG

2 Documents 


BABEL

5 Documents 


BADLER

72 Documents 


BASICA

14 Documents 


BBB

167 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


BE

239 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


BEPP

1,108 Documents 4 Q&As 3 Advice 


BFMD

1 Document 


BIBB

784 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


BIO

841 Documents 8 Q&As 8 Advice 


BIOE

10 Documents 


BIOL

2,397 Documents 6 Q&As 11 Advice 


BIOL AND H

1 Document 


BIOLOGY

99 Documents 5 Advice 


BPU

1 Document 


BPUB

325 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


BSTA

27 Documents 


BUS

89 Documents 19 Q&As 


BUSINESS

28 Documents 2 Q&As 


CALC

1 Advice 


CAMB

14 Documents 


CBE

565 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


CC

2 Documents 


CCAT

54 Documents 


CCN

6 Documents 


CDARP

1 Document 


CHE

7 Documents 


CHEM

3,139 Documents 16 Q&As 11 Advice 


CHEMISTRY

148 Documents 2 Q&As 1 Advice 


CHI

40 Documents 


CHIN

275 Documents 3 Advice 


CIMS

9 Documents 


CINE

230 Documents 


CINE/MGMT

11 Documents 


CIS

2,192 Documents 6 Q&As 12 Advice 


CIT

218 Documents 


CITY & REG

1 Advice 


CLST

193 Documents 


COGS

46 Documents 1 Advice 


COLING

5 Documents 


COLL

5 Documents 


COLLEGE AL

1 Document 


COML

39 Documents 


COMM

444 Documents 3 Advice 


COMPUTER A

294 Documents 


COUNSELING

1 Advice 


CRIM

129 Documents 1 Advice 


CS

300 Documents 2 Q&As 


CSE

41 Documents 


DBIRDAY

5 Documents 


DENTAL

84 Documents 


EALC

193 Documents 2 Advice 


EAS

151 Documents 2 Advice 


EC

108 Documents 


ECO

31 Documents 


ECON

3,527 Documents 35 Q&As 39 Advice 


ECONOMIA

18 Documents 


ECONOMICS

27 Documents 2 Q&As 2 Advice 


EDUC

76 Documents 3 Advice 


EDUCATION

3 Documents 


EE

148 Documents 4 Q&As 


EEUR

48 Documents 


ELECTRICAL

92 Documents 2 Advice 


EMS

2 Documents 


EN

1 Document 


ENG

25 Documents 1 Advice 


ENGINEERIN

32 Documents 2 Advice 


ENGL

370 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


ENGL/STSC

18 Documents 


ENGLISH

228 Documents 1 Advice 


ENGR

75 Documents 3 Advice 


ENM

128 Documents 2 Q&As 1 Advice 


ENVIRONMEN

2 Documents 


ENVS

198 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


ENVS 669

6 Documents 1 Advice 


ESE

1,711 Documents 1 Q&A 6 Advice 


EXCEL

22 Documents 


FCT

1 Document 


FIN

164 Documents 19 Q&As 1 Advice 


FINA

56 Documents 


FINANCE

297 Documents 3 Q&As 2 Advice 


FINANCIERA

3 Documents 


FNACT

9 Documents 


FNAR

15 Documents 


FNC

20 Documents 


FNCE

2,420 Documents 4 Q&As 11 Advice 


FOLK

7 Documents 


FREN

43 Documents 


FRENCH

83 Documents 1 Advice 


FRENH

12 Documents 


FRSM

9 Documents 


FSDF

2 Documents 


GAFL

11 Documents 


GEOL

138 Documents 1 Q&A 


GEOLOGY

22 Documents 


GG

41 Documents 


GOV

3 Documents 


GRADUATE S

1 Advice 


GRMN

103 Documents 


GROUP

1 Advice 


GSWS

42 Documents 3 Advice 


HCMG

351 Documents 2 Advice 


HIND

26 Documents 


HIST

1,013 Documents 15 Q&As 12 Advice 


HIST`

3 Documents 


HOMEWORK

11 Documents 


HOS

1 Document 


HRM

3 Documents 


HSOC

283 Documents 4 Advice 


HSSC

1 Document 


HUMANITIES

10 Documents 


HW

11 Documents 


HYYT

1 Document 


ICAR

1 Document 


INSR

146 Documents 1 Advice 


INTG

46 Documents 


INTR

83 Documents 


INTRO

1 Document 


ISTAR

38 Documents 


ITAL

381 Documents 1 Advice 


JPAN

35 Documents 3 Advice 


JWST

354 Documents 


LATN

12 Documents 


LAW

50 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


LECTURE

5 Documents 


LEGAL STA

1 Document 


LEGAL STUD

5 Documents 


LGIC

39 Documents 


LGST

986 Documents 2 Q&As 12 Advice 


LIBERAL AR

1 Advice 


LIN

34 Documents 


LING

300 Documents 7 Advice 


LPS

3 Documents 


LRSM

4 Documents 


MANAGEMENT

18 Documents 


MARKETING

7 Documents 


MATERIAL

74 Documents 


MATH

2,849 Documents 28 Q&As 27 Advice 


MBA

1 Document 


MEAM

566 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


MEAN 

12 Documents 


MED

52 Documents 


MEDICINE

3 Documents 1 Flashcard 


MEM

25 Documents 


MEMS

16 Documents 


MERCADOTEC

12 Documents 1 Advice 


MGEC

57 Documents 


MGMT

1,152 Documents 4 Q&As 8 Advice 


MICRO

2 Documents 


MICROB

4 Documents 


MIS

50 Documents 


MISC

18 Documents 


MKSE

56 Documents 


MKTG

1,183 Documents 6 Q&As 29 Advice 


MSE

291 Documents 2 Q&As 1 Advice 


MUC

1 Document 


MUSC

258 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


MUSIC

28 Documents 


N.A

80 Documents 


NBAE

17 Documents 


NELC

158 Documents 


NETS

46 Documents 


NURS

501 Documents 3 Advice 


NURSING

539 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


OIDD

123 Documents 1 Advice 


OPERATIONS

16 Documents 


OPIM

829 Documents 1 Flashcard 


PATHO

1 Document 


PCSI

22 Documents 


PEDIATRICS

1 Document 


PENNDESIGN

1 Advice 


PENNGAZ

6 Documents 


PERS

1 Document 


PHIL

629 Documents 7 Q&As 1 Advice 


PHILOSOPHY

26 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


PHYCS

1 Document 


PHYS

1,221 Documents 6 Q&As 3 Advice 


PHYSICS

81 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


POLITICS

79 Documents 1 Q&A 


PPE

365 Documents 4 Q&As 4 Advice 


PRTUGUESE

3 Documents 


PS

1 Document 


PSCI

1,395 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


PSYC

1,521 Documents 11 Q&As 13 Advice 


PSYCH

213 Documents 3 Q&As 4 Advice 


PUBH

1 Advice 


PYCHOLOGY

9 Documents 


QUIMICA

1 Document 


QUIZ

1 Document 


REAL

137 Documents 


REAL ESTAT

2 Documents 


RELS

115 Documents 2 Advice 


RENTA

1 Document 


RMI

5 Documents 


ROBO

1 Document 


RUSS

61 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


SARS

10 Documents 


SAST

141 Documents 


SCIENCE

70 Documents 


SEAS

90 Documents 


SOC

36 Documents 2 Advice 


SOCI

679 Documents 3 Q&As 8 Advice 


SOCWK

12 Documents 


SOMAPPS

4 Documents 


SPAN

336 Documents 2 Advice 


SPANISH

16 Documents 


SSC

1 Document 


STAT

2,058 Documents 16 Q&As 7 Advice 


STATS

20 Documents 


STSC

71 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


SUPPLY CHA

1 Document 1 Q&A 


SWRK

1 Advice 


TCOM

66 Documents 1 Advice 


TDT

1 Document 


TEST

5 Documents 


THAR

31 Documents 2 Advice 


UASTATUS

4 Documents 


UCC

16 Documents 


UNKNOWN

1 Document 


UPA

12 Documents 


UPM

10 Documents 


UPT

3 Documents 


URBS

4 Documents 1 Advice 


VLST

14 Documents 


WHARTON

90 Documents 4 Q&As 


WMM

1 Document 


WOMENSTD

2 Documents 


WORCK

2 Documents 


WRIT

1,396 Documents 6 Advice 


WRITING

174 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


WSTD

16 Documents 





							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						

							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


{[ dept.numDocs | number:0 ]} Document{[dept.numDocs>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numQa | number:0 ]} Q&A{[dept.numQa>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numFlashcardSets | number:0 ]} Flashcard{[dept.numFlashcardSets>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numCourseAdvice | number:0 ]} Advice



{[ filteredDepartmentsMessage ]}





UPenn School Information



School Facts 
Admissions 
Academics 
Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 
Students 






School Facts 



Operating Status: Currently operating Campus: Main campus (and distance learning)
Institution Type: 3 

Degree Type:
Distance Education: On-campus and Online





Admissions 





13%



63%






Admission Selectivity and Test Scores



SAT

86%


Average SAT Score Range

2,030-2,310
2,170 
Average Score










ACT

36%


Average ACT Score

30-35
32
Average Score







At University of Pennsylvania, 86% of students submitted the SAT score, but University of Pennsylvania accepts both SAT and ACT.
Admission Requirement





AP Credits 

Yes 







Academics 

Graduation Rate




87%





96%





96%



Degree Details
Available Fields of Study and Degrees

> Accounting
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Accounting and Finance
                            


> Actuarial Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Adult Health Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Advanced/Graduate Dentistry and Oral Sciences, Other
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> African Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> African-American/Black Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Anthropology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Applied Economics
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Applied Mathematics, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Archeology
                            


> Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Art History, Criticism and Conservation
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Artificial Intelligence
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Asian Studies/Civilization
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Biochemistry
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
                            


> Bioengineering and Biomedical Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Bioethics/Medical Ethics
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Bioinformatics
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Biology/Biological Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biomedical Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biophysics
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biostatistics
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Biotechnology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Business Administration and Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Business Administration, Management and Operations, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services, Other
                            


> Business/Commerce, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Cell/Cellular and Molecular Biology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Chemical Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Chemistry, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> City/Urban, Community and Regional Planning
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Classics and Classical Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Cognitive Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Communication and Media Studies, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Community Health Services/Liaison/Counseling
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Comparative Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Computer and Information Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Computer Engineering, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Computer Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Counseling Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Criminology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Curriculum and Instruction
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Demography and Population Studies
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Dentistry
                            


> Design and Applied Arts, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Developmental and Child Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> E-Commerce/Electronic Commerce
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> East Asian Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> East Asian Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Economics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Education, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Education, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Educational Leadership and Administration, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Educational Statistics and Research Methods
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Electrical and Electronics Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Elementary Education and Teaching
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Emergency Room/Trauma Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Endodontics/Endodontology
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Engineering, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> English Language and Literature, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> English/Language Arts Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Environmental Biology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Environmental Design/Architecture
                            


> Environmental Health
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Environmental Science
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Environmental Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Epidemiology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Family Practice Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Film/Cinema/Video Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Finance, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Fine/Studio Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> French Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Geographic Information Science and Cartography
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Geological/Geophysical Engineering
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Geology/Earth Science, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> German Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Health Professions and Related Clinical Sciences, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Health/Health Care Administration/Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Higher Education/Higher Education Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Historic Preservation and Conservation
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> History and Philosophy of Science and Technology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> History, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> History, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration, General
                            


> Humanities/Humanistic Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Hydrology and Water Resources Science
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Immunology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Insurance
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> International Business/Trade/Commerce
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> International Relations and Affairs
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> International/Global Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Italian Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Landscape Architecture
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Latin American Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Law
                            


> Legal Studies, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Linguistics
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Logic
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Management Information Systems, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Management Sciences and Quantitative Methods, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Marketing/Marketing Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Materials Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Maternal/Child Health and Neonatal Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Mathematics Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Mathematics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Mechanical Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Medical Scientist
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Medicine
                            


> Middle/Near Eastern and Semitic Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Modeling, Virtual Environments and Simulation
                            


> Music, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Natural Resources Management and Policy
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Near and Middle Eastern Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Neuroscience
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Non-Profit/Public/Organizational Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Nurse Anesthetist
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Nurse Midwife/Nursing Midwifery
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Nursing Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Nursing Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Operations Management and Supervision
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Oral Biology and Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Oral/Maxillofacial Surgery
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Organizational Behavior Studies
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Orthodontics/Orthodontology
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Pediatric Dentistry/Pedodontics
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Pediatric Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Periodontics/Periodontology
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Perioperative/Operating Room and Surgical Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Pharmacology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Philosophy
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Philosophy, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Physics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Political Science and Government, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Political Science and Government, Other
                            


> Psychiatric/Mental Health Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Psychology, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Public Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Public Finance
                            


> Public Health, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Public Policy Analysis, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Reading Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Real Estate
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Religion/Religious Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Retailing and Retail Operations
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Romance Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Russian Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Science Teacher Education/General Science Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Secondary Education and Teaching
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Social and Philosophical Foundations of Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Social Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Social Studies Teacher Education
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Social Work
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Sociology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> South Asian Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Spanish Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Statistics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Systems Engineering
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Teaching English as a Second or Foreign Language/ESL Language Instructor
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Transportation/Mobility Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Urban Studies/Affairs
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Veterinary Medicine
                            


> Visual and Performing Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Women's Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            















Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 



Undergraduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$42,176.00


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$42,176.00




Financial Aid — Freshmen Students
                                                                




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
1,428 61% $233,500.00 $6,310.00 

Grant Aid
1,176 50% $45,988,339.00 $36,930.00 

Student Loan
- 17% $349,130.00 $6,908.00 



Financial Aid — Undergraduate Students
                                                                    




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
6,200 54% $212,109,383.00 $34,211.00 

Pell Grant Aid
1,664 14% $7,264,862.00 $4,366.00 

Student Loan
2,566 22% $17,872,239.00 $6,965.00 






Students 




Student-Faculty Ratio
6 : 1









:



Endowment per FTE Enrollment

$405,207
per student






Demographics









Source: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015
Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented above.




UPenn Documents (55,068)
Master your classes with homework help, exam study guides, past papers, and more for UPenn.

 All 
 Assessments 
 Assignments 
 Essays 
 Homework Help 
 Lab Reports 
 Lecture Slides 
 Lesson Plans 
 Notes 
 Reading Lists 
 Rubrics 
 Syllabi 
 Test Prep 


 
Most Recent Documents for UPenn
View all 






49 pages





                   16roboticstrajectories.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



16roboticstrajectories.pdf







41 pages





                   4Manipulator_Kinematics.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



4Manipulator_Kinematics.pdf







41 pages





                   12robotics_to_reality.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



12robotics_to_reality.pdf







50 pages





                   9PUMA.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



9PUMA.pdf







44 pages





                   3Homogenous_Transforms.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



3Homogenous_Transforms.pdf







40 pages





                   More_Manipulator_Kinematics.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



More_Manipulator_Kinematics.pdf







33 pages





                   10velocityKinematics.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



10velocityKinematics.pdf







37 pages





                   robotics22mobile.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



robotics22mobile.pdf







37 pages





                   11velocityKinematics.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



11velocityKinematics.pdf







27 pages





                   14roboticstrajectories.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



14roboticstrajectories.pdf







25 pages





                   7IK.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



7IK.pdf







22 pages





                   5Denavit-Hartenberg.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



5Denavit-Hartenberg.pdf







102 pages





                   robotics18teleoperation.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



robotics18teleoperation.pdf







25 pages





                   6More_Denavit-Hartenberg.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            



                                    MEAM 520
                                        -
                                        Fall 2009
                        



Register Now



6More_Denavit-Hartenberg.pdf







90 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 08.071117.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 8
July 11th 2017
Alternation of Generations
zygot
e
Evolutionary Trend
SP
OR
OP
HY
TE
(2
GA
n)
ME
TO
PH
YT
E(
n)
Relative size
Life span
GREEN ALGAE BRYOPHYTE
FERN
GYMNOSPERM
ANGIOSPERM
The Earliest Plants Were Aquatic
 Most aquatic eu
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 08.071117.pptx







70 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 09.071217.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 9
July 12th 2017
ECOLOGY: the scientific study of the distribution
and abundance of organisms and the interactions
that determine distribution and abundance. Ecology
encompasses both the biotic (living) components
and the abiotic (phys
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 09.071217.pptx







63 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 11.071417.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 11
July 14th 2017
two kinds of nephridia.
protonephridia
metanephridia
Protonephridia are found in small animals without blood vessels
Metanephridia are found in larger animals, such as annelids and mollusks, in which the
blood circula
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 11.071417.pptx







56 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 14.071917.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 14
July 19th 2017
Absorption of Nutrients by Villi
Fatty acids
and Glycerol
are absorbed
into the
Lacteal
All other
digested food
are absorbed
into the blood
vessels
A single Villus
The affinity of hemoglobin
for O2 is influenced by:
 
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 14.071917.pptx







53 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 10.071317.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 10
July 13th 2017
Homeostasis
 Homeostasis - stable internal
environment maintained.
 Done in three ways.
 Thermoregulation - maintenance of
specific body temperature.
 Osmoregulation - maintenance of water
and solute balance.
 Excreti
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 10.071317.pptx







29 pages





                   Biol102.Lecture 07.071017.pptx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Biology 102
Lecture 7
July 10th 2017
What Features of Vascular Plants Have
Allowed Diversification in Form
 Xylem and Phloem
 Allows plants to be larger because water and
minerals could be transported further from the
sources
 Also lignin cell walls gave 
            

Register Now



Biol102.Lecture 07.071017.pptx







13 pages





                   EXAM2 practice .docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    QUESTIONS TAKEN FROM EXAM1 practice exams that relate now:
On canvas from exam 1 02/10/2017
_ 1) Which of the following is a synapomorphy of all animals?
A) Muticellularity
B) Specialized cells organized into three tissue layers
C) Desmosome cell junction
            

Register Now



EXAM2 practice .docx







9 pages





                   Exam 2.031717.docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    PRINT YOUR NAME: _
Penn ID: _
(8 digits)
Biology 102
Introduction to Biology B
Exam 2
03/17/2017
Instructions:
This is a closed-book exam. I will observe the Code of Academic Integrity. Please sign the pledge below.
Answer all questions.
Multiple choice a
            

Register Now



Exam 2.031717.docx







10 pages





                   Exam 2.072516.docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    PRINT YOUR NAME: _
Penn ID: _
(8 digits)
Biology 102
Introduction to Biology B
Exam 2
07/25/2016
Instructions:
This is a closed-book exam. I will observe the Code of Academic Integrity. Please sign the pledge below.
Answer all questions.
Multiple choice a
            

Register Now



Exam 2.072516.docx







6 pages





                   Bacterial Mutagenesis assignment.docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Name:
Lab Section: 922
Bacterial Mutagenesis, Week 2 Assignment
(from pages 1-13 to 1-16 of lab manual) (5 pt)
1) Obtain your eight replica plates. Do not open your plates: all
plates must remain shut this week. Examine your replica plates
by holding them
            

Register Now



Bacterial Mutagenesis assignment.docx







3 pages





                   barcoding post-lab.docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Name:
Lab Section: 922
Barcoding Life Post-Lab Assignment (5 pts)
From pages 2-15 and 2-16 of lab manual
11. Go to the first entry under sequences producing significant
alignments that has a species name, and you will see a
Description. The Description wi
            

Register Now



barcoding post-lab.docx







3 pages





                   Mammalian Anatomy Pre-lab Assignment.docx
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Name:
Pre-Lab Assignment for Mammalian Anatomy Lab
(from pages 7-3 and 7-4 of lab manual)
The primary purpose of the mammalian dissection is to link the anatomy of your
specimen with the functions of the structures you observe. In other words, we want
you
            

Register Now



Mammalian Anatomy Pre-lab Assignment.docx







1 pages





                   Plant Classification Summary_Correct.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            

                    INTRO BIOLOGY II
            

                                    BIO 102
                                        -
                                        Spring 2013
                        

                    Plant	 Classification
Water	 
Dominant	 
Needed	 for	 Vascula Seeds	 
Stage	 
Fertilization	 r	 (yes	 (yes	 or	 (Sporophyte	 or	 Name	 of	 
Name	 of	 Reproductive	 
(yes	 or	 no) or	 no)
no) Gametophyte) Sporophyte Name	 of	 Gametophyte
Structure
Mosses
Y
            

Register Now



Plant Classification Summary_Correct.pdf







1 pages





                   ECON 222 PS 2 Q 4.R
                


                        UPenn
            

                    Econometrics
            

                                    ECON 104
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    # (i)
xtab <- read.table("~/Downloads/fertil1.raw",header=F)
colnames(xtab) <- c("Year","Educ","meduc","feduc","Age","Kids",
"Black","East", "North Central", "West","Farm", "Other
Rural","Town",
"Small City","y74","y76","y78",
"y80","y82","y84","agesq","y
            

Register Now



ECON 222 PS 2 Q 4.R







50 pages





                   ECON 104 R Resource.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            

                    Econometrics
            

                                    ECON 104
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Econometrics in R
Grant V. Farnsworth
October 26, 2008
 This paper was originally written as part of a teaching assistantship and has subsequently become a personal reference.
I learned most of this stuff by trial and error, so it may contain inefficienci
            

Register Now



ECON 104 R Resource.pdf







1 pages





                   econ222ps42017-2.pdf
                


                        UPenn
            

                    Econometrics
            

                                    ECON 104
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    ECON 222, Spring 2017
Problem Set #4
(Due either last day or class or at time of review session)
Please feel free to work in groups on the problem set, but each student should hand it in his/her
own set of answers to the questions.
1. (50 points) Computer
            

Register Now



econ222ps42017-2.pdf








UPenn Questions & Answers



Showing 1 to 8 of 261
View all 












Capital Structure Q 1. 1 Lambdoid Corporation is comparing two different capital structures, an all-equity plan (Plan I) and a levered plan (Plan II). Under
















 Write down the general definition of a p-value. Imagine that I am interested in knowing whether over half of STAT 200 students are Star Wars fans. I decide to
















Attached document is an assignment due in 12 hours. please help!! this is a pol 101 class.
















Cost of Capital Homework Problems 3 part Question on Cost of Capital Q1.1 As a financial analyst for National Engineering, you are required to estimate the
















Replacement Project Analysis BQC is considering replacing an old machine with a new, more sophisticated model for a project. The new machine's purchase price
















The current price of a pound of wheat is $0.60. Following some pressure from an association of farmers, the government decides to propose a bill setting a
















Schubert Advisors is implementing a new marketing program. Increased sales from the program are expected to last for the next four years and are estimated at $
















Consider the following demand curve: P = 24 - Qd , which implies that MR= 24 - 2Qd. Now consider a monopoly with TC and MC given, respectively, by TC = Q2 +











UPenn Flashcards

 
Showing 1 to 3 of 3
View all 






                            327 terms
                    
Term:

                            intestinal infection
                    
Definition:

                            ampicilin/sulbactam + metronidazole
levofloxacin + metronidazole
                    






Emergency Medicine Jenn

                                    327 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Emergency Medicine Jenn. Find, create, and access Aortic dissection, Sepsis, septic shock, meningitis tx,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Emergency Medicine Jenn
                    







                            30 terms
                    
Term:

                            Upper/Southern Egypt
                    
Definition:

                            refers to the Nile Valley between the southern apex of the Delta and the First Cataract at Aswan
                    






The Power of Hapy

                                    30 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for The Power of Hapy. Find, create, and access Land Of The Pharaohs, Nile, Upper Egypt, Nile valley,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            The Power of Hapy
                    







                            5 terms
                    
Term:

                            jnfxgn
                    
Definition:

                            jnfxgn
                    






gvfshgtdhf

                                    5 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for gvfshgtdhf. Find, create, and access Biochemistry,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            gvfshgtdhf
                    








UPenn Courses with Advice


Showing 1 to {[ numOfCoursesWithAdviceToShow ]} of {[ totalNumCoursesWithAdvice ]}
View all 

Sort by:


{[$select.selected.label]}











								{[ courseWithAdvice.deptAcro + " " + courseWithAdvice.courseNum ]}
								{[ courseWithAdvice.courseName ]}
							


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog




(from {[ courseWithAdvice.numCourseAdvice ]} students)





Be the first to share words of wisdom!
You'll get $10 in tutor credits for sharing advice on 3 courses.
Give Advice





UPenn Top Courses




											ACCT  101 - financial accounting										
 (1126 Documents)





											FNCE 100 - Introduction to Corporate Finance										
 (633 Documents)





											ECON 001 - Intro to Microeconomics										
 (604 Documents)





											CHEM 101 - General Chemistry 1										
 (601 Documents)





											ACCT  102 - Managerial Accounting										
 (587 Documents)





											BIOL 101 - Biology 101										
 (544 Documents)





											STAT 101 - STAT101										
 (540 Documents)





											ECON 010 - Intro To Econ For Bus										
 (537 Documents)





											BEPP 250 - Business Economics and Public Policy										
 (505 Documents)





											PSYC 001 - Intro To Exp Psych										
 (503 Documents)







Browse Schools















            Tweet
        








Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 



















 

Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/175963-gm-angel-backers-fund-i-a-series-of-master-syndicate-funds-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=175963  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc gets funded!Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesUtahSalt Lake CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 25th, 2014$959,975-View DealNovember 18th, 2014$504,975-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Gm Angel Backers Fund I A Series Of Master Syndicate Funds Llc gets funded?Key peopleLLC AngelList Advisors,DirectorLLC Assure Fund Management,DirectorJeremy NeilsonExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!






11 Tips for Crowdfunding: How to Raise Money From Strangers : Social Media Examiner









































































































































Your Guide to the Social Media Jungle















Search for:














 





11 Tips for Crowdfunding: How to Raise Money From Strangers 




By Rich Brooks September 14, 2011 


 Share2K Tweet1K Share434 Pin81 +1113 Email PocketShares 4KDo you need to raise funds to get your idea off the ground?
You’ve got a brilliant business idea, but your bank lacks your vision. (Or perhaps you lack the collateral.)
Maybe you reached out to friends and family, but you know they lost their shirts when your brother-in-law’s salmon-flavored energy drink flopped. Is this the death of your nascent business?
Not. So. Fast.
Social media is changing more than the way we market and communicate… It’s changing the way we raise capital.
Crowdfunding websites are popping up that connect entrepreneurs with investors, producers with patrons, and causes with contributors.
What is crowdfunding?
Crowdfunding builds upon the idea of crowdsourcing: “the act of outsourcing tasks, traditionally performed by an employee or contractor, to an undefined, large group of people or community (a “crowd”), through an open call.” (Wikipedia)
Crowdfunding pulls together a community—tightly knit or disparate—to fund a project, business or cause, usually via the Internet.
How does it work?
Although the rules differ from site to site, generally people (or businesses or charities) pitch an idea, set a fundraising goal and set a deadline for raising funds.
Potential patrons can review the pitches and decide if there are any they’d like to support. On most crowdfunding sites, people are not investing in the project or business; rather, they are funding it. They are rewarded if the project comes to fruition, but don’t end up owning any part of the business or project.
This is in part due to U.S. regulations currently under review by the SEC, so this may change in the near future. However, different sites have different rules, especially those based outside the U.S., so make sure you review the terms and conditions carefully!
To launch your own project, I’ll focus on Kickstarter—one of the most popular crowdfunding sites—as an example.
You start with a pitch: you describe your project, specify what rewards patrons will receive if the fundraising is successful and create a funding goal and a timeline.
If you don’t reach your funding goal by the deadline, no money changes hands. As Kickstarter says, this “protects everyone involved. Creators aren’t expected to develop their project without necessary funds, and it allows anyone to test concepts without risk.”
Pledges are made with a credit card; if you’re backing a project, your card won’t be charged until the project is successfully funded.
How do you get your projects noticed… and funded? A quick look at the active projects on Kickstarter or IndieGoGo will show that you’ve a lot of creative competition out there.
Here you can see that it's a competitive marketplace.
To catch the eye of potential funders, you’re going to need to stand out, engage your community and close the sale.
Here are 11 tips to help you secure funding:
#1: Choose the right crowdfunding site
Although there’s plenty of overlap in many of the crowdfunding sites out there, each caters to a specific audience.
Are you a creative? Be sure to check out Kickstarter or IndieGoGo.
Looking to start more of a traditional, albeit entrepreneurial, business? Head over to ProFounder.
Does your idea have a social bent? You might do well at Buzzbnk or 33needs.
Non-profits can fundraise at sites like CauseVox or FirstGiving.
In the no-niche-too-small category is AppBackr that focuses exclusively on mobile app businesses.
Choosing the right site can make all the difference.
#2: Know your target audience(s)
Anthony Kaufman recommends identifying your target audiences, like Jennifer Fox did while raising money for her film, My Reincarnation.
Fox had two built-in niche audiences to target: fans and followers of her primary subject Tibetan Buddhist Master Chögyal Namkhai Norbu, of which there are many worldwide, and the estimated 7,000 people that Fox cultivated during the grassroots release of her last film, 2006’s “Flying: Confessions of a Free Woman.”
Focusing on a passionate niche can help, too. Many of the successful projects on crowdfunding sites target a specific, narrow audience. The target audience might be focused in a geographic area, religious in nature or share a common background. Graphic novels and music tend to do well, too.
Targeting an audience is key to your success.
#3: Plan ahead
According to John T. Unger, an artist and designer who has successfully funded a project on Kickstarter:
The best advice I have is to plan ahead. A Kickstarter project can go by really quickly.
The vast bulk of backers seem to happen at the very beginning and very end of a project, according to Kickstarter’s own data. That makes sense… it’s exciting when it’s new and it’s exciting when it’s down to the wire.
In the future, I’ll be sure that I have emails written specifically for the beginning, middle and end of a project so that I can keep it active. When a project does take off it can be kind of overwhelming to respond to everyone quickly enough, so FAQ-type emails that are pre-written help a lot too.




Craig Mod, who successfully raised $24,000 on Kickstarter reiterates this idea of the reverse bell curve of patron interest in his excellent article Kickstartup – Successful Fundraising with Kickstarter.com & the (re)making of Art Space Tokyo.
“People engage things: a) when they’re brand-new, or b) when they’re nearing a deadline. We lose interest in that middle space.”
Planning ahead and preparing email blasts can be the difference between success and failure.
#4: Passionately pitch your project.
You’ve heard the old saying, “you only get one chance to make a first impression.” Well, it’s even tougher on popular crowdfunding sites where there are 30 other projects simultaneously trying to make a first impression on the same page.
Your project name, graphics and description all play an important role.
 
Create a compelling name, description and an image as part of your project to help you stand out. A video is critical, too. (See #10 for more on that.)
#5: Have a plan for spending their money.
No matter how cool your idea is, most people want to know that you’ve got a plan that will get you there. Ricebowlproject suggests that you “give a detailed explanation of how exactly you’ll be using their money and keep all costs transparent. This will build trust in you and credibility in your project.”
People like to invest in a solid plan.
 #6: Leverage your social networks.
It’s important to realize that most of your audience may not be familiar with crowdfunding. Chances are you’ll need to use social media, email marketing and other communication tools to drive your community to your project at a crowdfunding site.
Unger says:
[Crowdfunding sites aren’t] “much different from any other launch in a lot of ways—so to get attention, I used the same tools as usual: email to the list, Twitter, Facebook, etc.”
Yet again, the importance of list-building and networking can’t be overstated.
Do you need help leveraging your social networks? Social Media Examiner is filled with hundreds of helpful posts, including:

13 Hot Facebook Marketing Tips From the Top Pros
9 Ways to Use Social Media to Launch a Book
5 Ways to Use Twitter to Connect With Local Customers

#7: Break up bigger projects
None of your potential patrons are likely to drop $100,000 on your next big thing. If they were that flush, they’d probably be investing with Bernie Madoff. (Hmmm… Maybe they were.)
Your project has a better chance of reaching its funding goal if you break the project into smaller, bite-sized pieces. You might break your video into filming, editing and distribution. Rather than trying to raise enough to start a business and make payroll for two years, start by raising enough to build a prototype of that solar-powered toothbrush you’ve been dreaming about.
Break your bigger project into smaller, fundable pieces.
People like to feel like their contribution is going to make a difference. Fifty dollars makes a bigger splash when you’re raising $1,000 than when you’re raising $10,000.
Smaller requests seem more attainable, and people want to feel like they’re on a “winning team.”
#8: Create compelling rewards
Kris White offered plenty of rewards for patrons of his graphic novel The 36. Some were fairly standard, including a PDF copy of chapter 1 for pledges of $1. However, four patrons who were willing to pledge $1,000 each could get their name and likeness “immortalized” as a supporting character in the story.
Being immortalized in a comic? That's super, man.
#9: Treat your crowdfunding like a campaign
Pitching a project is the beginning, not the end, of your work. You need to continually drive people to your project page. Many crowdfunding sites use traffic and early success as indicators of which projects to feature. IndieGoGo states that 50% of deciding who gets featured comes down to “pageviews, number of funders, % of goal completed.”
#10: Tell a great story… and ask for the sale
As Jeanie Finlay says in her post, Adventures in Crowd Funding, “when I launched the first campaign, I simply put up the trailer and we raised about 10 pence… I made a new trailer with me pitching the film… it made a world of difference. I now believe that people invest in the filmmakers as much as the project.”

#11: Promise—and give—credit where credit is due
People love to be acknowledged. Whether it’s on the liner notes, film credits or etched into the wall in your retail space. Let people know how they’ll be credited and follow through. It gives you a great story to tell and builds your base for your next crowdfunded adventure.
Takeaways Tips on Crowdfunding
Successful campaigns require passion, a clear vision and a strategic plan that can be executed. You’ll get the most activity at the beginning and end of your campaigns, but you need to be working for your goals throughout.




Have you financed a project through crowdfunding, or are you planning to do so in the near future? If so, please share the details (and links) below. If you have your own tips and tricks not mentioned above, we’d love to hear about those, too. Leave your questions and comments in the box below.
 Share2K Tweet1K Share434 Pin81 +1113 Email PocketShares 4K
 

			  Tags: 33needs, appbackr, bussbnk, causevox, crowdfunding, crowdfunding plan, crowdfunding project, crowdfunding promotion, crowdfunding website, firstgiving, fundraising, indiegogo, kickstarter, profounder, project financing, raise money, rich brooks 



 



About the Author, Rich Brooks


 


Rich is president of flyte new media and runs The Agents of Change, a weekly podcast and annual conference on building your business through search, social, and mobile marketing.

Other posts by Rich Brooks »








Get Social Media Examiner’s Future Articles in Your Inbox!
Join 620,000+ of your peers! Get our latest articles delivered to your email inbox and get the FREE Social Media Marketing Industry Report (49 pages, 77 charts)!









Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.









				  Categories
				

Expert Interviews

How To

Podcast

Research

Reviews

Tools

View Points

Weekly News






 







Join 620,000+ of your peers! Get our latest  articles delivered to your email inbox and get  the FREE Social Media Marketing Industry Report!




More Info...
 




  









 





 





 


Worth Exploring:How to Legally Use Images in Your Social Media Marketing10K Total SharesHow to Create Social Media Marketing Videos Without Appearing On Camera8K Total Shares23 Cool Tools for Social Media Marketers7K Total SharesHow to Maximize Your Facebook Reach7K Total SharesHow to Create a Social Media Marketing Content Plan in 7 Steps6K Total Shares



Social Media Examiner Recommends:

The above businesses are part of our partner program.
 


 






















Helpful links:Our podcasts
Our live show
Our content via email
Our industry report
Write for us…
Sponsorship opportunities
Also find us on:
• Facebook
• Twitter
• LinkedIn
• Instagram
• Pinterest
• Google+
• YouTube
 

Popular Posts6 Simple Photo Tools for Creating Social Media Visuals21K Total Shares20 Instagram Apps to Enhance Your Photos and Videos16K Total Shares9 Google Analytics Tips to Improve Your Marketing14K Total Shares19 Tools to Create Social Media Content11K Total SharesHow to Measure Social Media Using Google Analytics Reports11K Total SharesHow to Legally Use Images in Your Social Media Marketing10K Total Shares 

 
  Recent Posts 

Search to Social Ads: How to Use Google With Facebook to Build Niche Audiences


How to Ensure Your Facebook Page Complies With Facebook Terms


How to Track Dark Social Traffic in Google Analytics


How to Create a Snapchat Geofilter on Your Phone


How to Submit a DMCA Takedown Notice


Messenger Chatbots: How to Get Started


How to Create a Facebook Live Show


 






 Copyright © 2017 Social Media Examiner®. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use.  



 



4K Shares Share2K Tweet1K Share434 Pin81 +1113 Email 













 






