

GMO Series Trust - GMO Global Asset Allocation Series Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:18 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of GMO Series Trust - GMO Global Asset Allocation Series Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



40 Rowes WharfBoston, MA 02110-3340United States



Phone: 617-330-7500

Fax: 617-261-0134








Key Executives for GMO Series Trust - GMO Global Asset Allocation Series Fund




Mr. Sam Joshua Wilderman CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Benjamin Inker CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GMO Series Trust - GMO Global Asset Allocation Series Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




































Panic-free GMOs | Series | Grist











































































 

A Grist Special Series
Panic-free GMOs





It’s easy to get information about genetically modified food. There are the dubious anti-GM horror stories that recirculate through social networks. On the other side, there’s the dismissive sighing, eye-rolling, and hand patting of pro-GM partisans. But if you just want a level-headed assessment of the evidence in plain English, that’s in pretty short supply. Fortunately, you’ve found the trove.



 Share


 Tweet



Stories in this series:




 



Panic-free GMOs
The genetically modified food debate: Where do we begin?
If we look past the rhetoric on both sides and review the science with an open mind and a skeptical eye, surely we can arrive at some trustworthy conclusions. Right?







 



Panic-free GMOs
The GM safety dance: What’s rule and what’s real
Advocates say genetically modified crops are regulated like crazy. Critics say they are totally unregulated. We hack our way through this rhetorical impasse.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Genetic engineering vs. natural breeding: What’s the difference?
Those of us who are suspicious of GMOs need to come to grips with the ways that the risks of gene-splicing resemble those of old-school agronomy.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Genetic engineering: Do the differences make a difference?
Where you come down on nature — cradle or battlefield? — shapes how you think about the risks of genetically modified food.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Genetically engineered food: Allergic to regulations?
GM food is heavily tested for allergens, but we’d all be better served by a more codified and transparent process.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Genetically modified seed research: What’s locked and what isn’t
When corporations patent genetically engineered seeds, how tightly do they tie the hands of scientists trying to test their safety?







 



Panic-free GMOs
Genetically modified literature (in which I read books so you don’t have to)
Books on the GMO controversy don’t always wear their sympathies and biases on their sleeves — so here’s a handy guide.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Is extremism in defense of GM food a vice?
Researchers who find problems with genetically modified foods deserve careful scrutiny. Instead, too often, they get pilloried or purged.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Elephant in the room: Why getting the GMO story straight is so hard
Specialization, tribalism, and the human love of a good story make it tough to assemble a full picture of any complex research topic — including GMOs.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Food for bots: Distinguishing the novel from the knee-jerk in the GMO debate
What are the risks of genetically modified food? And how can critics avoid bias when they study them? We take a deeper look.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Pointed talk: Michael Pollan and Amy Harmon dissect a GM controversy
When one journalist tweets that another’s piece contains “too many industry talking points,” it takes a lot more than 140 characters to sort out the rights and wrongs.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Golden Rice: Fool’s gold or golden opportunity?
Sure, Big Ag might use the controversial genetically engineered rice as a stalking horse — but if it’s able to help save hundreds of thousands of lives, maybe it deserves a chance.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Golden apple or forbidden fruit? Following the money on GMOs
Surprise! When it comes to assessing who benefits the most from gene-splicing technology in food farming — corporations? farmers? us? — there’s no consensus.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Are GMOs worth their weight in gold? To farmers, not exactly
Biotech seeds cost more and often return less than conventional crops or organic farming. But they do give farmers a kind of safety net.







 



Panic-free GMOs
In the insecticide wars, GMOs have so far been a force for good
Plants engineered to produce their own bug-killing toxins really have helped farmers cut the use of nastier chemical insecticides.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Roundup-ready, aim, spray: How GM crops lead to herbicide addiction
Herbicide-resistant crops make it easy for farmers to rely on hefty quantities of weedkiller. Then the weeds evolve, and we have to up the ante.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Soil proprietor: Do GMOs promote dirt conservation?
Genetically engineered crops are supposed to make it easier for farmers to protect the earth by plowing less. But the record is spotty.







 



Panic-free GMOs
A 16th-century Dutchman can tell us everything we need to know about GMO patents
Today’s agribusiness patent holders have locked out innovation. The annals of maritime exploration offer a way out. Really!







 



Panic-free GMOs
GMO labeling: Trick or treat?
Many of the arguments against Washington state’s GMO labeling initiative make sense. Here’s why, despite that, it should pass.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Playing the field: Corn likes to sleep around — and that makes it hard to control GMOs
Pollen spreads, so GMO genes get around. That’s everyone’s problem — whether you like your farming organic or industrial.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Promiscuous corn can be made to behave — as long as you don’t expect perfection
Farmers have a slew of tools they can use to keep GMO grain separate from traditional crops. But none of them will deliver absolute, 100-percent results.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Rat retraction reaction: Journal pulls its GMOs-cause-rat-tumors study
Retractions are typically the result of big goofs and frauds — but in this case, the problem was inordinate attention paid to inconclusive results.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Is genetic engineering a doomed effort to reinvent nature’s wheel?
Much GMO research is just walking roads that evolution already tried. Is gene-splicing a dead end and should scientists just move on?







 



Panic-free GMOs
Block party: Are activists thwarting GMO innovation?
GM technology hasn’t lived up to its hype. Genetic-engineering proponents blame activists. Here’s a deeper look at the GMO blame game.







 



Panic-free GMOs
20 GMO questions: Animal, vegetable, controversy?
Here’s a bullet-point summation of what Nathanael Johnson learned about GMOs in 2013.







 



Panic-free GMOs
What I learned from six months of GMO research: None of it matters
Why does anyone care about GMOs? Whoever wins the debate, they’re not that important to our future. But they’re central to the stories we tell.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Crop flops: GMOs lead ag down the wrong path
GMO products rarely deliver on the hype, but they’ve pushed our agricultural system to a critical crossroads — that’s why they matter. First in a series of responses to our coverage.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Why GMOs matter — especially for the developing world
Genetically modified food still holds great promise of improving conditions for the world’s poor: A second response to our ‘Panic-Free GMOs’ series.







 



Panic-free GMOs
OK, GMOs matter — but the noisy fight over them is a distraction
Tom Philpott and Ramez Naam both made sense in their responses to the conclusion of “Panic-free GMOs.” Here’s what they might have missed.







 



Panic-free GMOs
Finally, a GMO debate without shouting
Intelligence Squared takes on a contentious issue in a clear way, and the resulting video makes for a great primer on GMOs.











































































































































































GMO Free Comes at a Price - Gluten-Free Living























































Skip to content




Advertisement













Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
 

Search
Menu




Search for:




 










Gluten-Free Living > Gluten-Free Lifestyle > Non-GMO > GMO Free Comes at a Price 


 

GMO Free Comes at a Price

Published November 25, 2014  


It takes time, effort and money for gluten-free companies to avoid genetically modified organisms
By Mary Beth Schweigert
Third in a series

People call the customer-service line at Rudi’s Gluten-Free Bakery with all kinds of questions and comments. But lately, a recurring theme has emerged: Callers want to know more about genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
“When we first started [in 2010], a lot of people didn’t even know what GMOs were,” says Denise Day, Rudi’s senior marketing manager. “All of the sudden, everyone is asking” about GMOs, how they affect health and the environment, and whether the company’s products contain them.
For Rudi’s and a growing number of other gluten-free food companies, the answer to that last question is “no.”
Rudi’s bread, hot dog and hamburger buns, tortillas, pizza crust and other gluten-free products are sold in natural food stores nationwide. Avoiding GMOs is a deliberate decision that reflects the Boulder, Colo., company’s commitment to using only natural ingredients, Day says.
“We’ve been GMO-free since the beginning,” she says. “It’s part of who we are and part of what we’re committed to doing.” Many other manufacturers are recognizing and responding to heightened consumer demand for foods that are both gluten and GMO free. Producing foods that are free of both ingredients can be more costly and time-consuming, but companies say they are committed to making the safest products possible—and giving consumers exactly what they want.
Enjoy Life, an Illinois company that produces 36 gluten- and allergen-free items, was prompted to make them all non-GMO because of awareness in the market. “We started hearing more about non-GMO foods about three or four years ago,” says Scott Mandell, company CEO and founder. “Being a company that was specifically started to help consumers who have concerns about food ingredients, we believe that [it] is our responsibility to continue to stay on top of ingredient-related issues that affect our consumers.”
GMOs entered the U.S. food supply about 20 years ago, when scientists began genetically altering plants to promote pesticide tolerance and other positive traits. Many scientists, farmers and food manufacturers argue that GMOs make food production more efficient and economical and are perfectly safe.
But in recent years, GMOs have become a subject of heated debate, with rising consumer backlash tying them to possible health and environmental problems. Sales of verified non-GMO products now top $5 billion annually, according to the Non-GMO Project, a certifying group.
GMO awareness appears especially high among people with celiac disease or gluten intolerance, who tend to be label-conscious. Corn, soy and other ingredients common in gluten-free foods are often genetically modified, which can make it difficult for consumers to find products that are free of both gluten and GMOs.
“That’s a big issue with gluten-free foods,” Day says. “A lot of them do contain GMOs.” Lucy’s, a Norfolk, Va.-based manufacturer of gluten- and allergen-free cookies and brownies, is among the companies both large and small that are producing more non-GMO foods. Company founder and chair Lucy Gibney, M.D., says the non-GMO trend is here to stay. “Since there are so many unresolved questions about GMOs, we don’t want to take any chances,” she says. “Our customers don’t either.”
A HEALTHY DEMAND
By early 2014, the Non-GMO Project, which offers North America’s only third-party verification and labeling of non-GMO products, reported more than 15,000 products on the market. The Bellingham, Wash.-based nonprofit doesn’t specifically track gluten-free non-GMO foods, but like other categories, the number clearly is growing.
Eden Foods, maker of a wide variety of gluten-free products, pledged in 1993 not to use any genetically engineered foods or ingredients. Company President Michael Potter has been on the board of directors of the Non-GMO Project since its founding in 2009. Today all Eden Foods’ products are made with non-GMO ingredients and 104 sold in the United Stated have verification.
Eden has established grower and supplier bases and testing procedures to verify that ingredients considered high-risk are non-GMO, says Jonathan Wilson, media manager of the Michigan company. He notes corn and corn-based ingredients are the most difficult to get non-GMO, but Eden products do not contain corn.
Glutino, which is part of Boulder Brands in Colorado, makes a wide range of gluten-free products available at retailers nationwide. Director of marketing Laura Kuykendall says public awareness of GMOs has grown in recent years, fueled in part by individual states’ high-profile efforts to implement mandatory labeling and grocery chain Whole Foods’ pledge to require labeling of GMO and non-GMO products by 2018.
“Non-GMO labeling for products has become increasingly more important to our consumers,” she says. “Consumers are seeking greater levels of information about where their food comes from.”
Gibney, an emergency medicine physician, started her company in 2007 after experimenting in the kitchen to create safe, healthy snacks for her son, who has severe food allergies. Lucy’s products now are found in 7,000 stores in the United States and Canada.
Avoiding GMOs is a logical leap for consumers who already gravitate toward high-quality, natural ingredients, Gibney says. Many people in the food business call the non-GMO movement the “new organic,” she says.
People on both sides of the GMO debate point to research that supports their position. But Gibney says she believes that in most consumers’ minds, the argument already is resolved.
“Though the conversation about non-GMO vs. GMO continues in the media, for most consumers in North America and Europe, the issue is settled,” she says. “No GMOs.”
 “CLEAN” PRODUCTS – FOR A PRICE

Making foods that are free of both gluten and GMOs can take more time and cost more money. And the results have to taste good, too. “The challenges for making gluten-free and non-GMO products is identifying sources of ingredients that meet the standards we have established for gluten-free ingredients and that will also meet the requirements for non-GMO labeling,” Glutino’s Kuykendall says.
Corn and soy are common ingredients in gluten-free foods, but non-GMO versions can be difficult to find. The Non-GMO Project reports that 88 percent of corn and 94 percent of soy grown in the United States contain GMOs.
Soy is a main ingredient in House Foods’ Tofu Shirataki gluten-free noodles. Consumer and retail demands prompted the company to use only non-GMO suppliers and get non-GMO verification, says Yoko Difrancia, a public relations and marketing specialist with the Garden Grove, Calif., company. “Tofu is by nature gluten free, and people in general are concerned about GMO soy,” she says. But non-GMO soybeans do cost more.
Ingredients that are both gluten- and GMO-free often are more expensive. For example, Rudi’s Day says, canola oil that contains GMOs costs considerably less than a comparable non-GMO product.
“We typically can find (an ingredient), but you do have to look a little harder and do your due diligence,” she says. “We do believe it’s worth it. … It’s something we’re committed to doing.”
Enjoy Life has not had difficulty finding any particular ingredient, but higher cost is a reality, according to Mandell. “Being non-GMO does add some cost to our product, but we believe that the cost is well worth the positive tradeoff of having ‘clean products’ for our consumers, which in turn translates into greater sales and a healthier business,” he says.
Some smaller companies feel the impact even more acutely. Gator Ron’s makes barbecue and wing sauces, and bloody Mary mixes that are gluten-free, dairy-free, vegan, kosher and non-GMO. President Connie Griffith says the 2-year-old Bethesda, Md., company takes pride in making clean products that are free of GMOs and other “junk.”
“Because it’s clean, the quality is higher and the cost is higher, obviously,” Griffith says.
More than 80 retailers, including smaller, more upscale markets and Whole Foods, sell Gator Ron’s sauces and mixes, primarily in the Washington, D.C./Baltimore area. Some potential customers who taste the barbecue sauce at a store demonstration balk at the average price tag of $5.99 to $7.99, Griffith says.
“The competition with barbecue sauce—there are hundreds of them out there,” she says. “Our prices are higher.” But other consumers see “non-GMO” on the label and
buy the sauce without even tasting it.
 EASING CONSUMERS’ MINDS
Dozens of other countries mandate labeling of GMO products, but the United States currently has no such requirements. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration allows food manufacturers to voluntarily label whether their products contain GMOs, as long as the statements are truthful and not misleading.
In an effort to boost consumer peace of mind, a growing number of gluten-free food manufacturers choose to pursue verification from the Non-GMO Project. Verified products are labeled with an orange butterfly perched on a green check-mark shaped leaf, a blue background and the words “Non-GMO Project verified product.”
According to nongmoproject.org, verification requires several layers of scrutiny, which include ongoing testing of at-risk ingredients and tracking of a product’s entire supply chain. The verification process generally takes about four to six months. Cost varies based on the number of products and whether they contain ingredients at high risk for GMOs.
Glutino currently offers 12 verified products, including breakfast bars, flour, baking mixes and pie crust. The rest of Glutino’s product line is under consideration for verification. Consumers who want to avoid GMOs trust the Non-GMO Project’s independent verification process, Kuykendall says.
“Through this certification, we are able to provide our consumers with the power to make informed decisions based on their dietary preferences,” she says. “At Glutino we are committed to full transparency when it comes to our products and ingredients.”
All of Lucy’s products are non-GMO verified. The Non-GMO Project label shows consumers that Lucy’s is serious about producing GMO-free foods and is willing to meet accepted standards, Gibney says.
“We always use the best-quality and most nutritious ingredient options,” she says. “So for us, meeting the verification requirements was just a paperwork process.”
Jessica Mindell, president and founder of Jessica’s Natural Foods, says she was motivated to get non-GMO verification for the six types of granola made by her Detroit company by her own interest as a consumer in non-GMO labeling. “I look for the non-GMO verified label when I shop and wanted to provide the same level of comfort to my customers,” Mindell says. “There is a level of security I feel when I see the non-GMO certification on a package, it is one less thing I have to worry about. Especially now that I know what a rigorous process it is to get certified, I trust the logo even more.”
For Mindell, honey was surprisingly the most difficult non-GMO ingredient to find. Her company switched to organic honey and had to get documentation verifying that the bees did not forage in an area within a 4-mile radius of GMO crops and that the bees hadn’t been fed any feed.
“It never occurred to us that honey could be a GMO issue until we became certified,” she says.
Sugar was the issue for Endangered Species Chocolate, according to Natalia Wolting, communications and customer service coordinator. She says the Indianapolis-based company had to switch the type of sugar it was using to get non-GMO verifications for its dark chocolate products, which are also certified gluten free.
“Consumers are looking for the best ingredients possible and if they’re already looking for gluten-free products, non-GMO is just another way to ensure they are getting the best product available,” she says.
Bob’s Red Mill, producer of a wide variety of gluten-free flours and mixes, in March announced that the Oregon company has enrolled in the Non-GMO Project and will begin seeking verification of its products.
Other gluten-free companies that use non-GMO ingredients say the verification process is too costly. Instead of verification, Rudi’s requires suppliers to submit certificates or letters confirming that ingredients are GMO-free, Day says.
“The No. 1 reason [Rudi’s does not do Non-GMO Project verification] is … there’s a really strict qualifier on the type of yeast you have to use,” she says. “It’s crazy-expensive. It would put us out of the market. We couldn’t even sell the product.”
SETTING NEW LIMITS
Debbie Kaufmann is Gator Ron’s vice president of public relations and communications. She also has celiac disease.
When Kaufmann was first diagnosed 10 years ago, she cut out gluten but changed little else about her diet. Through her work with Gator Ron’s, she has recognized the strong connection between diet and overall health.
Now that she’s more educated about ingredients, Kaufmann steers clear of much more than gluten. She limits her diet to mostly vegetables, fruit, seafood and poultry.
“When I read labels, I now look for more than just gluten-free,” she says. “I’ve learned so much about what is in foods that now I do try to stay away from fructose corn syrup, GMOs and other things that are unhealthy”.
Kaufmann is used to paying more for healthy, tasty gluten-free foods and doesn›t mind stretching her budget just a little farther to avoid GMOs, too.
“I know my diet is much healthier”, Kaufmann says. “More and more, people are realizing we really are what we eat”. GF

NON-GMO PRODUCTS
Here’s a sample of some of the
gluten-free companies that use non-genetically
modified ingredients.
➥ Bakery On Main
➥ Bone Suckin’ Sauce
➥ Dr. Praeger’s
➥ Eden Foods
➥ Endangered Species Chocolate
➥ Enjoy Life
➥ Erewhon Organic
➥ Glutino
➥ Jessica’s Naturals
➥ Lucy’s
➥ Lundberg Family Farms
➥ Rudi’s

Mary Beth Schweigert is a newspaper reporter covering health, food and other lifestyle topics in Lancaster, Pa. She regularly contributes to Gluten-Free Living and this is the third in her series about GMOs and the gluten-free diet.


Share This









Advertisement

















Sign up for our Newsletter




Email










 



Advertisement




 




Related Articles


Kids’ Kitchen: Gluten-Free Mason Jar Breakfast
Flockin’ to Auckland Gluten Free
Gluten-Free Travel: Carolina Dreaming

More Non-GMO Articles 
 


Readers' Poll





Which type of feature in the magazine interests you most?
 Recipes
 Medical and scientific updates
 Ingredients information
 News
 Tips and advice
 View Results


 Loading ...

 





Advertisement




 






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿



















Product Verification – The Non-GMO Project








































About

About
Mission
Organization

Staff
Board of Directors
Standard Committee
Seed Advisory Committee


Careers
History


Product Verification

Product Verification
Verification FAQs
Steps to Verification
Technical Administrators
Testing Labs
The Standard
Get Started


Get Involved

Get Involved
Living Non-GMO
Retailers
Industry


Find Non-GMO

Find Non-GMO
Verified Products

Verified Products
Results


Participating Retailers
Verified Restaurants


GMO Facts

GMO Facts
What is GMO?
GMO Science
High-Risk Crops & Inputs


Contact Us










The Non-GMO Project







About

Mission
Organization

Staff
Board of Directors
Standard Committee
Seed Advisory Committee


Blog + News
Careers
History
Donate


GMO Facts

What is a GMO?
GMO Science
High-Risk Crops & Inputs


Find Non-GMO

Verified Products
Participating Retailers


Product Verification

Verification FAQs
Steps to Verification
Get Started
Technical Administrators
Testing Labs
The Standard


Get Involved

Shoppers
Retailers
Industry


Non-GMO Retailers

Programs for Retailers

Registered Retailer Program
Supporting Retailer Program


Retailer Portal
Non-GMO Month
Merchandise
Support the Butterfly
Contact


Contact
Donate













				 
			















The Non-GMO Project
















 





Start Verification
Product Verification
Verification FAQs
Steps to Verification
Get Started
Technical Administrators
Testing Labs
The Standard
 




Product Verification
 

The Non-GMO Project is a mission-driven nonprofit organization offering a third-party non-GMO verification program to the standard consumers expect. We are the pioneer and established market leader for GMO avoidance. We have set the industry standard for non-GMO verification since the Butterfly first appeared on store shelves in 2010.
Our seal of approval
An independent study by Consumer Reports found the Non-GMO Project Verified seal to be the only “highly meaningful” label for consumers looking to avoid GMOs 1. The credibility that comes with Non-GMO Project verification will allow your products to reach a wider customer base, assuring shoppers that your products meet the best practices for GMO avoidance.
Brand Equity
Driving sales. Our retail partners report that Non-GMO Project Verified products are the fastest dollar growth trend in their stores this year. Annual sales of Non-GMO Project Verified products now exceed $19.2 billion.
In demand. A 2014 consumer survey found that “80% seek out non-GMO products, with 56% saying non-GMO was key to brand buying.” 2 2015 consumer polls also found that 93% of Americans and 88% of Canadians support labeling of GMOs. 3,4 Our Facebook page has more than 1 million highly engaged followers, who act as passionate brand ambassadors spreading the word about their trust in the Butterfly and whose demand continues to drive the movement forward.
In the spotlight. Thousands of retail partners work with the Non-GMO Project promoting verified products, educating customers about product transparency, and celebrating Non-GMO Month annually in October. 
Third-Party Verified
The Non-GMO Project Product Verification Program is North America’s only third-party verification for non-GMO food and products. Third-party verification is the highest quality system when it comes to product labeling and certifications because it ensures products have been comprehensively evaluated by an independent party for compliance with a standard developed by industry experts and stakeholders.
Companies must work with third-party technical administrators to get their products verified. These technical administrators are skilled industry professionals and will work with you to help your products achieve verification. 
Promoting your verification
Brands that have achieved verified status on their products benefit from the overall promotional efforts of the Project. In addition, our Marketing and Communications team is available to review your marketing materials, help develop your non-GMO messaging, and further leverage your verification. Additional marketing programming is available to showcase your non-GMO commitment throughout the year, and our marketing team facilitates those opportunities. 
To learn more about the verification process or start a product evaluation, please submit an inquiry form. Our Client Services team is ready to answer any questions you may have and provide materials to assist in the verification process. Get started today!
“Consumer Reports Food Safety and Sustainability Center Report on GMOs in Corn and Soy.” Consumer Reports (n.d.): n. pag. Oct. 2014. Web.“Non-GMO Trumps Organic in 2014 Market LOHAS MamboTrack Survey.” PRNewswire. PRNewswire, 5 Mar. 2014. Web.Langer, Gary. “Poll: Skepticism of Genetically Modified Foods.” ABC News. ABC News Network, 09 June 2015. Web. “2015 Consumer Poll.” 2015 Consumer Poll / GMO Inquiry 2015 / Take Action. Canadian Biotechnology Action Network, 29 Sept. 2015. Web.
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    


	GMO LLC - Home







































North America
Boston | San Francisco










Registered Users If you are a registered user, click the Login button to go to the Login page.   
New Users By registering, you will gain access to areas of GMO's website that provide personalized, interactive functionality as well as selected internal research and content that you may subscribe to. Click the Register button to continue the registration process. 



Welcome


GMO is a global investment management firm committed to providing sophisticated clients with superior asset management solutions. Our sole business is investment management and, as a private partnership, we are accountable only to our clients and to ourselves. We forge strong partnerships with our clients, managing their money as if it were our own and offering them honest counsel. Our deep and talented investment teams are highly experienced and forward-thinking, investing with focused expertise in a wide range of asset classes.   
 Investment Results: We believe that valuation-driven investing with a long horizon will achieve the best risk-adjusted returns.  In-Depth Analysis and Research: We combine rigorous fundamental analysis with innovative quantitative methods to understand the long-term drivers of returns. Our Clients: We provide our clients with candid investment advice.   


Learn more About GMO





Research & Commentary










GMO Quarterly Letter
The 1Q2017 GMO Quarterly Letter features Ben Inker’s "Up At Night" and Jeremy Grantham’s "This Time Seems Very, Very Different."




Updates & Research








Revisiting the Traditional Emerging Market Equities Allocation Framework -- 
                    Amit Bhartia and Mehak Dua  
Viewpoints - I Do Indeed Believe the US Market Will Revert Toward Its Old Means – Just Very Slowly -- 
                    Jeremy Grantham 
Whiplash: On Value, Growth, and Ignoring the Fundamentals -- 
                    Neil Constable and Rick Friedman 
The Reserve, Part II – The US Dollar: Still the Cleanest Dirty Shirt? -- 
                    Amar Reganti 
For Whom the Bond Tolls: Low Rate Beneficiaries in a Rising Rate Environment -- 
                    Neil Constable and Rick Friedman  
Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast -- 
                    James Montier 




Click here for more Research & Commentary





Featured Video




Keeping the Faith in Value Investing

Ben Inker, Co-Head of GMO’s Asset Allocation team, discusses the advantages of long-term valuation-based investing and why GMO is Keeping the Faith in this approach.








To view other additional market commentary and videos, please register with our website. Registering gives you access to information about GMO's strategies as well as the GMO Trust Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, and annual and semi-annual reports. 

























GMO Series Trust Dividend Announcement - DividendInvestor.com

































































































MENU










 (570) 567-0434 








































SIGN IN



















DividendInvestor.com


First In Dividend Data Worldwide®


GMO Series Trust Dividend Announcement(NASDAQ:GATRX)DIVIDEND ANNOUNCEMENT: GMO Series Trust (NASDAQ: GATRX) today declared a dividend of $0.0188 per shareJuly 13, 2017GMO Series Trust (NASDAQ: GATRX) today declared a dividend of $ 0.0188 per share payable on July 14, 2017 to shareholders of record as of July 12, 2017. Dividend amount recorded is a decrease of $ 0.1593 from last dividend Paid.GMO Series Trust (NASDAQ:GATRX) has paid dividends since 2013, has a current dividend yield of 2.1% and has increased its dividends for 0 successive years.The stock price closed yesterday at $ 9.37 and has a 52 week low/high of $ 8.59 and $ 9.39. For more information on GMO Series Trust click here.GMO Series Trust current dividend information as per the date of this press release is:Dividend Declaration Date: July 13, 2017Dividend Ex Date: July 13, 2017Dividend Record Date: July 12, 2017Dividend Payment Date: July 14, 2017Dividend Amount: $ 0.0188


DividendInvestor.com


DividendInvestor.com is a leading worldwide independent provider of dividend information and data for investment professionals. Our mission is to be the First In Dividend Data Worldwide® by designing and developing essential tools and systems for the investment community with the highest level of accuracy and integrity.
Contact:
info@DividendInvestor.com





 













DIVIDEND TOOLSQuote
Dividend Calendar
Screener
Email Alerts
52 Week High/Low
Dividend Detector
Dividend History
Scorecard
Dividend Calculator

DIVIDEND INVESTMENTDirectory of Dividend Stocks
Dividend Glossary
Featured Articles
Learn More



STOCK SYMBOL LOOK UP


GO

SIGN UP NOW


USER SECTIONUser Profile
Log In


Check out our other sites around the world 












Australia
Canada
Germany

UK
USA

Our Sister Site:Preferred-Stock.com










Fundamental Data provided by DividendInvestor.com. All information is provided without warranty of any kind.
Historical Dividend Data powered by DividendInvestor.com™.
Copyright © 2017 DividendInvestor.com™. All Rights Reserved.













X




Limited-Time Free Report:
Collect a Fat Dividend Check Every Month from the World's Biggest Companies (without having to buy their expensive shares)
Get my top monthly dividend payer... a company boasting a dividend yield of more than 10%, and whose portfolio holdings feature some of the biggest and most successful companies on the planet (Google, Apple, Nike, etc.). Simply enter your email to claim your free report.









































List of All GMO Funds
















Welcome!













Company Site
Log In


Subscribe
Register




 















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEFs
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 

















        All GMO Funds
      



Search By

Fund Family



              Data Question
            

 Go










            All GMO Funds
              






GMO Alpha Only III
 
GMO Asset Allocation Bond VI


GMO Benchmark-Free Allocation III
 
GMO Benchmark-Free Allocation Ser R6


GMO Benchmark-Free III
 
GMO Core Plus Bond III


GMO Currency Hedged Intl Bond III
 
GMO Emerging Countries III


GMO Emerging Countries Series R6
 
GMO Emerging Country Debt III













GMO Emerging Domestic Opportunities II
 
GMO Emerging Markets III


GMO Foreign III
 
GMO Foreign Small Companies III


GMO Global Asset Allocation III
 
GMO Global Asset Allocation Series R6


GMO Global Developed Equity Allc III
 
GMO Global Equity Allocation III


GMO Global Equity Allocation Series R6
 
GMO Implementation













GMO International Dev Eq Allc Ser R6
 
GMO International Equity Allc III


GMO International Equity Allc Ser R6
 
GMO International Equity III


GMO International Small Companies III
 
GMO Intl Developed Equity Allc III


GMO Intl Large/Mid Cap Equity III
 
GMO Opportunistic Income VI


GMO Quality IV
 
GMO Resources III













GMO Risk Premium VI
 
GMO SGM Major Markets III


GMO Special Opportunities VI
 
GMO Strategic Opportunities Allc III


GMO Taiwan III
 
GMO Tax-Managed International Eq III


GMO US Equity Allocation III
 
GMO US Treasury












Show Data Definitions  |  Feedback  |  Order Reprints | Ticker Lookup














GMO Family
          
All Funds from Family
GMO Data Pages
                



                  Analyst Rated Family Funds
                



            Analyst Favorites and Tools
          

              Premium Fund Screener
            
Fund Favorites & Red Flags

              ETF Analyst Favorites
            

              ETF Valuations
            
Premium Stock Screener


Fund Stewardship Reports

                  All Fund Family Data
                

              ETF Screener
            

              Stock Analyst Reports
            

              Stock Star Rating Changes
            



            Morningstar Archives
          
Morningstar Articles
Morningstar Videos
Market Newswires
Perspectives



              Stocks
              Analyst Notes
            

              Fund Analyst Reports
            

              ETF Analyst Reports
            
Most Popular




Sponsor Center






















Content Partners
            	







Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 


 


 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers
Company News





International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland
India
Finland 






Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.













