    Jim Dutton | Adaptive Power Conservation | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 









GNS HealthCare



 








































 

















        































  







DISCOVER WHAT WORKS. FOR WHOM.
Learn More

  
  


    





  











Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them…












  



  





Health Plans






  





Health plans could invest in more effective outreach and personalized care management solutions.












  





Health Systems






  





Health systems could make care decisions with more certainty.












  





Biopharmaceuticals






  





Biopharmaceutical companies could deliver life-saving therapeutics with more speed and clarity.












  





Foundations






  





Foundations could discover new  therapeutic pathways, fueling diagnostic and drug innovation.










  











…health outcomes could be dramatically improved at a lower total cost of care.












  





GNS Causal Inference & Simulation
Discover New Knowledge with REFS™
The patented GNS REFS technology is the first commercially available causal machine learning and simulation platform that automates the transformation of diverse streams of biomedical and healthcare data into mechanistic, computer models that are representative of individual patients. Healthcare interventions – drugs, medical procedures, care management programs, medical devices, etc.- are simulated in these causal models to reveal the optimal health interventions, patient by patient, instead of the “one size fits all” approach of our current standard of care. 
 
Learn More


















  





See What’s Possible…










Advanced Illness
Identifying members facing end-of-life decisions for better engagement and support






  























  







   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   










  







At GNS Healthcare, we’re putting precision medicine within reach. 
Get started now

  
  


    














QUICK LINKS 
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Who We Serve
Solutions
Media Center
Contact
 


News 




Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 27, 2017			





GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 19, 2017			





Gregg’s Diabetes Identifies GNS as One of a Handful of Companies Focused on Market Access


				February 2, 2017			








Events 




GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017


				June 16, 2017			

 






GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference


				June 12, 2017			

 






Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017


				June 8, 2017			

 









CONTACT 
  











© GNS Healthcare 196 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-374-2300  | info@gnshealthcare.com 



      








Home
About Us

Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Strategic Advisory Board
Careers + Culture


Our Approach

REFS™
MeasureBase™
Expertise

Publications




Who We Serve

Health Plans
Health Systems
Biopharmaceuticals
Foundations


Solutions

Advanced Illness
Metabolic Syndrome
Custom Modeling
REFS License


Media Center

Press Releases
In The News
Events


Contact




 





Jeff Vernice, PhD, MBA
Director, Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jeff serves as a director at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He leads teams responsible for business partnerships that provide analytics and data science solutions.
Jeff has over 25 years of industry experience which includes telecommunications, pharmaceutical/life sciences, pharmacy benefit management and health insurance. Besides analytics he has expertise with product management/development, process improvement, business operations, business development, health economics and privacy.
His career spans working for consulting companies like IBM, EDS and as an independent management consultant. The majority of his career has been working in the healthcare sector for companies such as Schering Plough, Corning Life Sciences and Merck/Medco Health solutions.
Jeff earned his BS and MS Management degrees and MS in Computer Science from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Additionally, he holds a PhD in Biomedical Informatics from Rutgers University and a Master’s in Business Administration from Cornell University. He is also a Six Sigma Black Belt.


			close            





Ben Bielak
Chief Information Officer
Ben brings 25 years of executive and senior information technology experience to GNS. In his role at GNS as Chief Information Officer, Ben is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS™ (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools.
He most recently served as the Director of Academic Technology at Harvard University. Prior to his work at Harvard, Bielak was the Chief Information Officer at Dovetail Health, a high-growth product and services company focused on reducing costs through pharmacy-focused interventions. He previously held roles as Manager of Development and Integration at Boston Medical Center and Senior Manager of Technology at Sapient.
Bielak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Bentley University, where his studies focused on change management, and a master’s degree from Boston University in computer science. He maintains two certifications, the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) Certified Healthcare Chief Information Officer (CHCIO) and the Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS).


			close            





Julie Slezak, MSPH
Executive Vice President, Clinical Analytics
Julie Slezak has been working in healthcare analytics for over 25 years. In her role at GNS as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics she advises clients on how to set up analytics and data strategy as well as partnering on methodologies and peer review publications. Prior to her current role, Julie led eviCore’s analytics organization where she was the EVP and Chief Analytics Officer. In this role she was responsible for providing overall analytical leadership including data strategy, research, methodology development, and analytical product development. She specializes in clinical outcomes research, interventional data analysis and big data use.
Throughout her career, Julie held analytical leadership roles in both small and large organizations. Her background and training come from 10 years at the University of Illinois’ School of Public Health, Epidemiology and Biostatistics division, where she studied and worked. Her private sector resume includes consulting at Hewitt Associates, LLC (now AonHewitt) and a long run with CVS/Caremark, where she led enterprise analytics.
Julie holds a Master’s of Science in Public Health Sciences, Epidemiology from the University of Illinois, Chicago.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Ngoc Thai
Senior Biostatistician
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am a research analyst in the Health Economics and Outcomes Research group at GNS.  In this role, I am fortunate to participate in the full research process from proposal writing to study protocol development, through data processing and statistical modeling, to communication of results.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I hold a MS in Statistics from UMass Amherst.  Before joining GNS, I worked as a statistician at a heart diagnostics company, analyzing proprietary clinical data to support laboratory operations and R&D work.  A friend from grad school who is now my former GNS colleague referred me to an opening.  It was an easy decision coming here – I wanted to gain expertise in applying advanced statistical modeling and machine learning to analyze real-world data.  I get to do a lot of that in my current position.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: During the day, I mainly focus on project work, research activities, and meetings.  Some of the common tasks are programming and conducting statistical analyses, preparing client presentations, writing up analysis plans, reading research papers related to whatever project I am working on, discussing project-related issues with my manager and teammates, or responding to scientific inquiries from clients.  A day goes by fast!
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to help bring evidence from real-world data to support our clients, and continue to grow as a statistician and quantitative health researcher.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Certainly because of the people.  I have the privilege of working with many talented, driven colleagues who are passionate about solving challenging problems and making an impact.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Dan Cunha
Research Scientist
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I work with the R&D team to firstly learn about causal machine learning in REFS, then to write automated scripts to assess and confirm its quality, and finally prototype additional solutions for future updates.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My education is in mathematics and philosophy of science. Some of my favorite studies were on the notion of causality and the unity of science. Then I worked as a quantitative researcher and product manager at a labor market statistics company for 4 years. When I heard GNS was working on personalized medicine via causal machine learning, I asked to join them.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: My day usually starts in the kitchen where there is an assortment fruit and nuts available for breakfast. I usually spend the morning creating statistical tests, or prototyping new solutions to problems we are working on. At lunch I meet with scrum teams, which gives us a chance to discuss our work and run ideas by each other. That’s usually followed by a lunch-delaying whiteboard session. Sometime in the afternoon, I make time to take a walk, play ping pong, or gather musicians together to play a few songs. Depending on the state of my projects, I finish the day catching up on relevant research or debugging code.
Q: What is your goal at GNS? 
A: My goal is to contribute automated scalable machine learning processes to solving real problems in healthcare
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the people. We have mutual goals toward fixing healthcare problems, and it creates an environment fostering learning and productivity.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Boris Hayete
Senior Director, Precision Medicine
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I run the Precision Medicine team at GNS.  In this role, I am responsible for overseeing the scientific work of the team on a variety of projects involving our Biotech, Pharma, and foundation clients in PM space.  In addition to my scientific responsibilities, I also have some project planning, business development, management, and other duties. To the extent possible, I try to do scientific work between other tasks.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I finished my PhD in Bioinformatics, working in gene network inference, at Boston University working with Jim Collins.  Bruce Church of GNS apparently became interested in my work through talking to Jim and recruited me from grad school.  Although I had several offers from pharma – multiple ones from Pfizer alone – GNS was an easy choice.  I had hope for doing good science and helping start something meaningful in the process.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: On a typical day, I have 4-6 hours of meetings, some with clients, some internal; some scientific and some managerial.  I try to find 1-2 hours for scientific tasks – coding or conversations about research unrelated to projects with other GNS team members.  At home, I typically spend another hour or so catching up on whatever emails I’ve missed during the day.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: I hope to help GNS make an impact in the area of targeted therapies, as well as in network inference methods.  No one has ever been the first to achieve something because it was easy.  We can’t be afraid of hard problems.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the team.  We have a world-class group of scientists who can often turn the impossible into possible.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Robert Miller
Principal Software Engineer
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am the technical lead for the REFS platform.  I have written most of the code in iPredict, and I have worked on most of the rest of the platform.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My PhD is in applied mathematics, and I have almost 10 years’ experience teaching numerical analysis at the graduate level. I learned about GNS from a colleague at my former employer who knew Colin from grad school.  This was a couple of days after my former company went under.  GNS was less than a year old at the time, and things moved at a fast pace.  I called Colin and had an interview either that day or the next and started working a few weeks later.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: The platform team uses JIRA to track issues, so I usually start by looking at JIRA to refresh my memory on what I was last working on and to see if there are any new bug reports. Bug fixes usually take priority over developing new features, especially since they usually come up in a project which has a looming deadline. The platform team meets daily for a short scrum to resolve any blocking issues.  When I start work on a new feature or if I’m working on a bug fix, I will spend time talking to the users of the platform to get requirements for the feature or to determine what went wrong.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to make the REFS platform the best tool it can be in the features it provides, and in its performance, reliability and usability.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: I enjoy working at GNS because I get to work with some very smart people on challenging problems, and the work we are doing can have a significant impact for good.


			close            






Mario Accardi, PhD
Venture Partner, Fort Rock Capital
Board Observer
Mario is a Venture Partner at Fort Rock Capital, where he focuses on venture capital investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors including therapeutics, devices and digital health.
Mario sits on the boards of vasopharm GmbH, GNS Healthcare and Orthonika, a spin-out from Imperial College London which he co-founded, developing a novel orthopaedic implant. Before joining Fort Rock, he was at Entrepreneurs Fund where he invested in and worked with a number of early stage biotech, medical device and technology companies. Previously, he was working as a strategy consultant in the life sciences industry with Deallus Group.
Mario holds a PhD in Biomedical engineering from Imperial College London where his research focused on the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis and regenerative medicine approaches. Mario also holds a First Class MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering also from Imperial. He has a broad scientific background ranging from biomedical engineering, biomaterials and regenerative medicine to computational mathematics and molecular biology and has published in several international peer reviewed scientific journals. Originally from Rome, Mario lives in London (UK).


			close            






Leslie Hoyt
Chief Operating Officer
Leslie Hoyt is a veteran healthcare operations leader with an enormous passion for improving the health of individuals and the overall quality of care.
Leslie brings more than 30 years of experience to the role, encompassing managed care, healthcare technology, strategy, business consulting and business development.
Prior to joining GNS, she served United Health Group as Senior Vice President at Optum Health. Before that, she was the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Partner at Dovetail Health, a start-up focused on medication non-adherence. Hoyt worked in healthcare business and technology consulting before Dovetail, serving Sapient Corporation as Vice President, US Healthcare Practice Lead, where her client roster included payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Sapient, Hoyt worked for a decade building and leading provider organizations focused on managing the cost and quality of care.
Hoyt holds a Master’s degree from Boston University.


			close            






Stacey Wasserman, MBA
Vice President, Pharma Sales
Stacey Wasserman has a proven track record as a senior sales executive with more than 20 years’ experience in the healthcare technology industry. Currently, Stacey serves as the Vice President of Business Development, Pharmaceutical Market for GNS Healthcare, a leading provider of analytic solutions to pharmaceutical and health plan customers. Prior to that, she was the Senior Sales Director at Activate Networks, which provides a social network analytics platform.  Before that, Stacey spent 12 years with Truven Health Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters) where she was a top performer, selling data and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies. Other former roles include Consultant for Skila and Account Director for IMS Health. Stacey started her career working in Public Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Outside of work, Stacey lives in Princeton Junction, NJ with her two children and is involved in many local organizations. Stacey holds a BA in Biopsychology from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Rutgers University School of Business.


			close            






Gabriel Eichler, PhD
Vice President, Product Strategy
Gabriel Eichler is responsible for overseeing the growth of GNS’ emerging product solutions portfolio. His focus is primarily on applications of REFS to personalized medicine.
Gabriel has spent most of the last decade working on big-data healthcare applications to opportunities in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry and healthcare delivery. Formerly he managed several global client programs at PatientsLikeMe focusing on patient-centered research and outcomes. Gabriel was also responsible for establishing that company’s oncology product strategy and portfolio. Prior to PatientsLikeMe, Gabriel worked at Relay Technology Management (acquired by Decision Resources Group), McKinsey and Harvard Medical School.
Gabriel completed his MSc. and PhD in Bioinformatics at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute’s Laboratory of Molecular Pharmacology, jointly. His BSE is in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. He has authored over 30 scholarly manuscripts and book chapters.  He is an investor and advisor to numerous early-stage startup companies in the bioinformatics and digital health space. Gabriel also enjoys public speaking and has given over 100 lectures both nationally and internationally on personalized medicine, genomics, patient centricity, open innovation and medical informatics.


			close            






Randall Krakauer, MD, MBA
Chief, Medical Strategy
Dr. Krakauer has more than 30 years of experience in medicine and medical management, and has held senior medical management positions in several major organizations. He formerly was responsible for medical management planning and implementation nationally for Aetna Medicare members, including program development and administration.
Dr. Krakauer graduated from Albany Medical College in 1972 and is board-certified in internal medicine and rheumatology. He received training in internal medicine at the University of Minnesota Hospitals, in Rheumatology at the National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and received an MBA from Rutgers. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Rheumatology, and professor of medicine at Seton Hall University Graduate School of Medicine. He is past chairman of the American College of Managed Care Medicine.


			close            






Mark Pottle, MBA
Chief Financial Officer
Mark Pottle is responsible for the finance, accounting, legal, and human resource functions of GNS Healthcare.
Before joining GNS Healthcare, Mark was CFO of N-of-One Therapeutics, which provides analysis and interpretation of a tumor’s genome so that providers can personalize cancer treatments for patients. Prior to N-of-One, Mark worked at Picis Inc., which provides EMRs for emergency departments, ICUs, and ORs. After Picis was sold to United Healthcare/Optum in 2010, Mark became the CFO of Optum’s Accountable Care Organization division. Mark has also previously worked at several start-up to mid-level companies and has helped raise over $50 million of venture-backed funding, as well as over $150 million in private equity funding.
Mark is also a veteran of the U.S. Army. He graduated from University of New Hampshire with a degree in economics and holds an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.


			close            






Bruce Church, PhD
Chief Mathematics Officer
Bruce Church is responsible for developing algorithms for REFS and leading projects for the development of new products and technologies. Bruce is a member of the founding team of GNS Healthcare.
An expert in statistical physics, machine learning, parallel computing, and causal modeling, Bruce helped develop the original REFS platform. Previously, he spent ten years at Cornell University, developing global optimization methods for computational protein folding, the results of which have been published in several peer-reviewed journals.
Bruce has served as the principal investigator on several major grants, including a $2.5 million award from the Department of Energy. He has served on the Board of Directors for U.S. Rugby and coached the under-23 women’s Northeast rugby team. Bruce received a BS in applied and engineering physics and a PhD in applied physics from Cornell University.


			close            






Iya Khalil, PhD
Chief Commercial Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Khalil is a technology entrepreneur and physicist with a vision of transforming medicine into a discipline that is quantitative, predictive, and patient‐centric via big data analytic approaches. She co‐founded two big data companies, Via Science and GNS Healthcare, and is the co-inventor of the proprietary computational engine that underpins both entities. She trained in theoretical physics at Cornell University, and has more than 11 years of experience in “big data” analytics for healthcare, medicine, and the life sciences.
She has led several key foundational collaborations with providers, pharmaceutical companies, foundations, and government agencies. Dr. Khalil’s expertise spans applications in drug discovery, drug development all the way to treatment algorithms that can be applied at the point of care. She is a frequent speaker at industry events and conferences, has appeared in several industry journals, published several articles in the field, and was recognized by President Obama at a White House dinner as a leading entrepreneur in genomic medicine. More recently, she was named to the PharmaVOICE 100 list of the most inspiring people in the life sciences industry. She was recognized for her ability to build bridges across the life science and healthcare industries, bringing people together to harness the power of predictive modeling to change the lives of patients.


			close            






Kazuhiko Sogabe
General Manager, IT & Communication Business dept. Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.) Inc.
Board Observer
Sogabe has 15 years of experience in the software license and IT service business and has forged partnerships with a variety of companies in the US, China and Japan. Currently, he is responsible for Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.), Inc.’s business development in the IoT and Healthcare IT area.
Sogabe earned an MBA from Waseda Business School and BA in economics from Kwansei Gakuin University.


			close            






Scott Musch
Vice President, Corporate Development, Cambia Health
Board Observer
Scott serves as Vice President of Corporate Development at Cambia Health Solutions.
He helps to lead all health plan related M&A, divestitures, and strategic partnerships for Cambia Health Solutions. Prior to joining Cambia in April 2011, Scott worked in investment banking for over twelve years, covering a wide variety of companies, both inside and outside the healthcare industry. He was formerly a Senior Vice President for healthcare services-focused investment bank Shattuck Hammond Partners and prior to that, he worked as a Vice President in the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Department at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
Scott earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a BS in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA in Economics from the College of Arts and Sciences. He is currently studying for his Doctorate of Health Administration at Central Michigan University.


			close            






Winston Kung
Vice President, Business Development and Global Alliances
Celgene
Board Observer
Winston Kung is the Vice President of Business Development and Global Alliances for Celgene Corp.
Prior to joining Celgene, he worked at Citigroup in its Global Healthcare Corporate and Investment Banking Division where he focused on biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Citigroup, he worked at Barclays (formerly Lehman Brothers) in its Global Mergers and Acquisitions group focused on healthcare companies. Winston also worked on the business and corporate development teams at Genentech and Amgen.
Winston earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Brown University.


			close            






Irina Haivas, MD
Principal, Life Sciences/ Healthcare, GHO Capital
Board Observer
Irina is a healthcare specialist with a background in medicine and management consulting. She serves as Principal at GHO Capital Partners investing across healthcare sectors (pharma, biotech, med tech, health tech, consumer health, pharma B2B services). Irina has a special interest in precision medicine and digital health.
Prior to GHO, Irina spent 7 years with Bain & Company as a leader in the European healthcare practice, and has a wealth of experience across Europe, US and emerging markets. At Bain Irina was an advisor on healthcare due diligence and post-acquisition projects, and has worked directly with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare services companies on strategic initiatives including growth, business models, R&D and innovation, M&A, organizational development and operational improvement.
Irina has a first-in-class degree in Medicine, and studied at Iasi Medical University in Romania, Freiburg University in Germany as a Rotary Scholar, and Harvard Medical School. She also holds a MSc with distinction in International Health Policy from London School of Economics. A native Romanian speaker, Irina is fluent in English and German and is conversational in French and Italian.


			close            






Jason Cooper
Chief Analytics Officer, Strategy & Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jason serves as Chief Analytics Officer at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He is responsible for enterprise-wide data analytics and informatics, including both commercial and government lines of business.
Jason has more than 20 years of experience in analytics and informatics covering for-profit, nonprofit and government domains, including leading teams at Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Cigna and CVS Health, as well as experience with NASA spaceflight software analyses.
Jason is a well-published author, experienced public speaker and prior funded researcher. As well as a member of the International Institute for Analytics, the American Medical Informatics Association, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, Sentrian’s Advisory Board, Cognizant’s Chief Data Officer Advisory Council and board member of NJs American Diabetes Association.
Jason received his Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering with specialization in Healthcare Informatics from Duke University. He earned his BS and MS degrees in Computer Science from West Virginia University.


			close            






Adrian Weller, PhD
Senior Research Fellow, University of Cambridge
Faculty Fellow, Alan Turing Institute
Board Member
Adrian is a Senior Research Fellow in the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge, in the Computational and Biological Learning Lab, and also serves as a Faculty Fellow at The Alan Turing Institute, the United Kingdom’s national institute for data science. Most of his academic research relates to graphical models, but he is also very interested in other areas including finance, anything on intelligence (natural or artificial), deep learning, reinforcement learning, evolution, Bayesian methods, time series analysis, ethics, music and methods for big data.
Prior to his current roles, Adrian served as a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Group where he ran US and European interest rate trading. Earlier, Adrian was in the fixed income proprietary trading group at Salomon Brothers, and previously ran the fixed income options desk at Goldman Sachs.
Adrian completed his PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and holds a BA and MA in Mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an active angel investor, board member and advisor to many companies and charities apart from GNS including Simplex, Cambridge in America, and the Coexist Foundation.


			close            






Jared Short
Chief Operation Officer, Cambia Health Solutions
Board Member
Jared leads the accelerated pace of innovation and performance across the Cambia organization to ensure consumer focused solutions. As COO, Jared leverages his commitment and insight into consumer needs to execute against the company’s Cause of transforming health care to be person focused and economically sustainable.
Jared also fills the role of president of Cambia’s Health Insurance Services division, which serves 2.4 million members covered by seven health plans in Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington. He successfully drives award-winning service, facilitates collaborative partnerships between providers and patients, and helps create innovative new solutions meeting the needs of a rapidly changing marketplace.
Jared’s career with Cambia began in 1999, when he joined the company in a Finance role with cross-functional responsibilities across the organization. He moved briefly to BlueCross BlueShield of Montana, where he served as chief marketing and underwriting officer. Jared returned to Cambia in 2009 as president of Cambia’s regional health plan in Oregon, responsible for sales, provider contracting, and government and community relations.
Jared serves on the Board of Directors for TriWest Healthcare Alliance and GNS Healthcare. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Portland Metropolitan Area Boys and Girls Clubs.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics and history from Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.


			close            






Rob Coppedge
Chief Executive Officer, Echo Health Ventures
Board Member
As CEO of Echo Health Ventures, Rob leads the company’s efforts to identify, invest in and grow innovative companies that enable and deliver a transformed experience to health care consumers nationwide. As part of Echo’s unique partnership with its parents, Rob works closely with the senior management teams and board of Cambia Health Solutions and Mosaic Health Solutions to support collaboration with Echo’s portfolio companies, accelerate Cambia and Mosaic’s strategies and more quickly bring health care innovation to national scale.
Rob has more than 20 years of experience in health care venture capital and business building. Before founding Echo, Rob served as the President of Cambia Health Solutions’ diversified business unit (Direct Health Solutions). In this role, Rob oversaw Cambia’s wholly-owned operating companies (including cost and quality transparency market leader HealthSparq; ancillary benefits provider LifeMap) as well as its venture and private equity investing activities. Rob joined Cambia in 2010 to launch and build the company’s diversification and corporate venture investment efforts. Under Rob’s leadership, Cambia invested in nearly 20 companies. 
In 2015, Rob cofounded the Cambia Grove – an innovation hub focused on catalyzing and supporting the Pacific Northwest’s emerging health care economic cluster. At the Cambia Grove, innovators and entrepreneurs work closely with regional stakeholders to find solutions to pressing health care challenges.
Before joining Cambia, Rob was the founding partner of Faultline Ventures, where he worked with numerous early stage companies and strategic investors. Previously, he was a Partner at Capitol Health Partners, a Washington, D.C., and New York City-based venture capital firm specializing in early-stage health services and health care information technology.
Active in industry and community organizations, Rob serves on the boards of several health care companies and is a founder and former director of the Nashville-based largest network of young health care executives, Leadership Health Care. Rob also serves on the board of directors at Life Science Washington (formerly Washington Biotechnology & Biomedical Association) and the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and is a member of the American Leadership Forum.
Rob is a graduate of Georgetown University with a degree in history and is a Chartered Financial Analyst, charter holder.


			close            






Jan Berger, MD, MJ
President & Chief Executive Officer,
Health Intelligence Partners

Vice Chair of GNS Board of Directors
Jan founded Health Intelligence Partners six years ago as a health care consultancy that blends more than thirty years of business and clinical experience. Health Intelligence Partners has a global focus, working with clients on both short -term and long-term healthcare business strategies and solutions. Jan and Health Intelligence Partners help clients navigate the healthcare environment in order to identify and articulate value opportunities. A great deal of Jan’s focus is on consumer engagement and how it affects the decisions that the consumer makes and the actions that they take.
Prior to founding Health Intelligence Partners, Jan served as Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer for CVS Caremark. During that time, she had Executive Management, P & L, Operations, Innovation and Strategy responsibilities. Before going to CVS Caremark, Jan had 15 years’ experience in healthcare administration within the health plan and academic arenas and lead operations for two population health companies.
As a veteran healthcare executive, Jan’s leadership has delivered results in a variety of settings. Jan offers her experiences and insights through her consulting agency as well as through her participation on healthcare and consumer product boards. She presently sits on healthcare focused boards including AccentCare (Chair; Compliance Committee, Compensation Committee), GNS Healthcare, The University of Arizona School of Pharmacy, Harvard Patient Safety Board, Midwest Business Group on Health and Population Health Alliance (Chair: Government Affairs Committee). Jan’s consumer focused boards include Meals to Heal and Whiskerdocs. Jan previously sat on two boards; Care Core National (Committees: Chari: Finance Past Chairperson, Compensation, Search, M&A and Strategic Directions) and Rx-Ante, which were recently sold. She also sits on numerous business and healthcare committees.
As the author of the books “Leveraging Health” and “Thirteen Common Pitfalls in Consumer Engagement” and “Medical Liability for Pediatricians”, the Editor in Chief of American Journal of Pharmacy Benefit and on the editorial boards of a number of healthcare journals, Jan is considered a national health care thought leader. Jan speaks and writes on a broad range of health care issues.
Jan holds both a Doctor of Medicine degree and a Master’s degree in Jurisprudence from Loyola University in Chicago and a Certificate in Healthcare Business Administration from University of South Florida. She also holds a black belt in Six Sigma. Jan is an assistant professor at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois.


			close            






Colin Hill, MS
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder
Colin Hill co-founded GNS Healthcare in 2000 and has served as Chairman & CEO since then. He brings impressive leadership experience and a solid track record in commercializing machine learning technology and precision medicine platforms in the biopharmaceutical and managed care industries. In 2016, he was appointed to the board of directors of a leading publicly traded mobile health company that pioneered remote cardiac monitoring – Biotelemetry Inc. (formerly CardioNet) (NASDAQ: BEAT). He was appointed in 2015 by Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker to the board of directors of the Center for Health Information and Analysis. He is also a founding board member of Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute, a non-profit foundation (501c3) dedicated to the advancement of personalized medicine.
He was a founding member of the Board of Directors of AesRx, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of new treatments for sickle cell disease (acquired by Baxter in 2014). Colin was the founding chairman of O’Reilly Media’s Strata Rx in 2012, the first healthcare big data conference in the industry. Colin was the founding chairman of big data quantitative trading firm Fina Technologies and served from 2008 to 2011. In 2004, Colin was named to MIT Technology Review’s TR100 list of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
He is a frequent speaker at national and international scientific and industry conferences including America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) annual meeting, the Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) annual meeting, and the Forbes Healthcare Summit, and has been quoted in and appeared in numerous publications and television programs, including The Wall Street Journal, CNBC Morning Call & SquawkBox, Nature, Boston Globe, Politico, Forbes, Wired, and The Economist.
He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in physics and earned Master’s degrees in physics from both McGill University and Cornell University.


			close            
















































GNS Healthcare, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:19 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of GNS Healthcare, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
GNS Healthcare, Inc. provides analytics solutions for the healthcare industry. It offers Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation Technology, a supercomputer-enabled framework that automates the extraction of causal network models directly from observational data and uses high-throughput simulations to generate new knowledge. The company also provides real-world outcomes solutions for data that comes from electronic health records, claims, clinical programs, and incentive and reward programs; product development solutions for biopharmaceutical, diagnostic, consumer product, and medical device companies; and publications, conference abstracts, and presentations. It serves pharmaceutical and...
GNS Healthcare, Inc. provides analytics solutions for the healthcare industry. It offers Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation Technology, a supercomputer-enabled framework that automates the extraction of causal network models directly from observational data and uses high-throughput simulations to generate new knowledge. The company also provides real-world outcomes solutions for data that comes from electronic health records, claims, clinical programs, and incentive and reward programs; product development solutions for biopharmaceutical, diagnostic, consumer product, and medical device companies; and publications, conference abstracts, and presentations. It serves pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, health plans and hospitals, healthcare payers, integrated delivery systems, pharmacy benefits managers, direct-to-patient medical and diagnostic service providers, accountable care organizations, and institutions. GNS Healthcare, Inc. was formerly known as GNS Biotech, Inc. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. GNS Healthcare, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Via Science, Inc.
Detailed Description


196 BroadwayCambridge, MA 02139-1902United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 617-374-2300

Fax: 617-494-0114

www.gnshealthcare.com







Key Executives for GNS Healthcare, Inc.




Mr. Colin Hill


      	Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 44
        







Dr. Iya Khalil Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder and Executive Vice President
      








Mr. Mark Pottle


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Leslie Hoyt


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Dr. Bruce Church Ph.D.


      	Chief Mathematics Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

GNS Healthcare, Inc. Key Developments

GNS Healthcare, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 07:30 AM
May 25 17
GNS Healthcare, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 07:30 AM. Venue: San Diego Convention Center, San Diego, CA 2865, United States. Speakers: Iya Khalil, Co-Founder and Executive Vice President.


GNS Healthcare Reports the Appointment of Benjamin Bielak as Chief Information Officer
May 5 17
GNS Healthcare reported the appointment of Benjamin Bielak as Chief Information Officer. Bielak is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools that explore the impact of treatment choices.


GNS Healthcare Appoints Julie Slezak as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics
Apr 4 17
GNS Healthcare announced that nationally regarded epidemiologist and biostatistician Julie Slezak has been named to the newly created position Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics. Slezak, who previously headed clinical analytics operations at eviCore Healthcare as Chief Analytics Officer and CVS Caremark as VP, Analytics, is applying her expertise to the robust growing stream of discoveries flowing from the GNS causal machine learning and simulation platform REFS.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 17, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GNS Healthcare, Inc., please visit www.gnshealthcare.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 



 




Cornell’s Research Serves the Region and Beyond — Companies › GNS Healthcare Inc.

















Skip to content





Cornell University
Office of the Vice Provost for Research





Search Cornell









Cornell’s Research Serves the Region and Beyond











Get Listed
Criteria





Small Business Development







Next
Previous

Home
Companies
 Beyond New York State
GNS Healthcare Inc.








GNS Healthcare Inc. 
Data Analytics



Products:
Digital Disease Models™




	A data analytics company headquartered in the biotechnology center of Cambridge, Massachusetts, GNS Healthcare Inc. has developed a scalable approach for the discovery of what works in healthcare and for whom. The company's analytics solutions are being applied across the healthcare industry, from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, health plans, and hospitals, to integrated delivery systems, pharmacy benefits managers, and accountable care organizations. GNS Healthcare helps health-care leaders discover the knowledge they need to match patients with beneficial treatments.
Cornell Connection

	GNS Healthcare was founded by two Cornell physics graduate students, aided by Cornell faculty and an alumnus. The company has a number of joint research projects with Cornell faculty from various departments and uses licensed Cornell technology. GNS Healthcare was the first company selected for investment by Big Red Ventures of the Johnson Graduate School of Management.


Tags:

Data Analytics CTL










mail
print
add




www.gnshealthcare.com


Mailing:

GNS Healthcare Inc.
196 Broadway
Cambridge, MA 02139


tel: (617) 374-2300 fax: (617) 494-0114

gveazey@gnshealthcare.com


 


CEO: Colin Hill
Founded:
2000
Employees:
20

















 

	GNS Healthcare Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            GNS Healthcare Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Pharmacogenetics


 Year Founded

2000


 Website

http://www.gnshealthcare.com



 Lead Product Status

Market (tools & services)






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy
























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




GNS Healthcare Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























gns healthcare inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
GNS Healthcare Inc. provides healthcare analytics. The Company offers analytics platforms and solutions that develops personalize therapies and diagnostics treatments for patients. GNS Healthcare offer its products to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, health plans, hospitals, and healthcare industries.




Corporate Information
Address:

58 Charles Street
Cambridge, MA 02141
United States


Phone:
1-617-494-0492


Fax:
1-617-494-0114


Web url:
www.gnshealthcare.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Colin Hill
Gns Healthcare Inc








Board Members
Company


Mark Ganz
Cambia Health Solutions Inc




























From The Web











Key Executives


Colin Hill


Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder




David Burke


Chief Financial Officer




Leslie Hoyt


Chief Operating Officer




Benjamin Bielak


Chief Information Officer




Carol J McCall


Chief Strategy Officer




Hans Winkler


Chief Scientific Officer




Julie Slezak


Exec VP:Clinical Analytics







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































GNS HealthCare



 








































 

















        































  







DISCOVER WHAT WORKS. FOR WHOM.
Learn More

  
  


    





  











Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them…












  



  





Health Plans






  





Health plans could invest in more effective outreach and personalized care management solutions.












  





Health Systems






  





Health systems could make care decisions with more certainty.












  





Biopharmaceuticals






  





Biopharmaceutical companies could deliver life-saving therapeutics with more speed and clarity.












  





Foundations






  





Foundations could discover new  therapeutic pathways, fueling diagnostic and drug innovation.










  











…health outcomes could be dramatically improved at a lower total cost of care.












  





GNS Causal Inference & Simulation
Discover New Knowledge with REFS™
The patented GNS REFS technology is the first commercially available causal machine learning and simulation platform that automates the transformation of diverse streams of biomedical and healthcare data into mechanistic, computer models that are representative of individual patients. Healthcare interventions – drugs, medical procedures, care management programs, medical devices, etc.- are simulated in these causal models to reveal the optimal health interventions, patient by patient, instead of the “one size fits all” approach of our current standard of care. 
 
Learn More


















  





See What’s Possible…










Advanced Illness
Identifying members facing end-of-life decisions for better engagement and support






  























  







   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   










  







At GNS Healthcare, we’re putting precision medicine within reach. 
Get started now

  
  


    














QUICK LINKS 
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Who We Serve
Solutions
Media Center
Contact
 


News 




Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 27, 2017			





GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 19, 2017			





Gregg’s Diabetes Identifies GNS as One of a Handful of Companies Focused on Market Access


				February 2, 2017			








Events 




GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017


				June 16, 2017			

 






GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference


				June 12, 2017			

 






Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017


				June 8, 2017			

 









CONTACT 
  











© GNS Healthcare 196 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-374-2300  | info@gnshealthcare.com 



      








Home
About Us

Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Strategic Advisory Board
Careers + Culture


Our Approach

REFS™
MeasureBase™
Expertise

Publications




Who We Serve

Health Plans
Health Systems
Biopharmaceuticals
Foundations


Solutions

Advanced Illness
Metabolic Syndrome
Custom Modeling
REFS License


Media Center

Press Releases
In The News
Events


Contact




 





Jeff Vernice, PhD, MBA
Director, Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jeff serves as a director at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He leads teams responsible for business partnerships that provide analytics and data science solutions.
Jeff has over 25 years of industry experience which includes telecommunications, pharmaceutical/life sciences, pharmacy benefit management and health insurance. Besides analytics he has expertise with product management/development, process improvement, business operations, business development, health economics and privacy.
His career spans working for consulting companies like IBM, EDS and as an independent management consultant. The majority of his career has been working in the healthcare sector for companies such as Schering Plough, Corning Life Sciences and Merck/Medco Health solutions.
Jeff earned his BS and MS Management degrees and MS in Computer Science from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Additionally, he holds a PhD in Biomedical Informatics from Rutgers University and a Master’s in Business Administration from Cornell University. He is also a Six Sigma Black Belt.


			close            





Ben Bielak
Chief Information Officer
Ben brings 25 years of executive and senior information technology experience to GNS. In his role at GNS as Chief Information Officer, Ben is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS™ (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools.
He most recently served as the Director of Academic Technology at Harvard University. Prior to his work at Harvard, Bielak was the Chief Information Officer at Dovetail Health, a high-growth product and services company focused on reducing costs through pharmacy-focused interventions. He previously held roles as Manager of Development and Integration at Boston Medical Center and Senior Manager of Technology at Sapient.
Bielak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Bentley University, where his studies focused on change management, and a master’s degree from Boston University in computer science. He maintains two certifications, the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) Certified Healthcare Chief Information Officer (CHCIO) and the Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS).


			close            





Julie Slezak, MSPH
Executive Vice President, Clinical Analytics
Julie Slezak has been working in healthcare analytics for over 25 years. In her role at GNS as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics she advises clients on how to set up analytics and data strategy as well as partnering on methodologies and peer review publications. Prior to her current role, Julie led eviCore’s analytics organization where she was the EVP and Chief Analytics Officer. In this role she was responsible for providing overall analytical leadership including data strategy, research, methodology development, and analytical product development. She specializes in clinical outcomes research, interventional data analysis and big data use.
Throughout her career, Julie held analytical leadership roles in both small and large organizations. Her background and training come from 10 years at the University of Illinois’ School of Public Health, Epidemiology and Biostatistics division, where she studied and worked. Her private sector resume includes consulting at Hewitt Associates, LLC (now AonHewitt) and a long run with CVS/Caremark, where she led enterprise analytics.
Julie holds a Master’s of Science in Public Health Sciences, Epidemiology from the University of Illinois, Chicago.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Ngoc Thai
Senior Biostatistician
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am a research analyst in the Health Economics and Outcomes Research group at GNS.  In this role, I am fortunate to participate in the full research process from proposal writing to study protocol development, through data processing and statistical modeling, to communication of results.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I hold a MS in Statistics from UMass Amherst.  Before joining GNS, I worked as a statistician at a heart diagnostics company, analyzing proprietary clinical data to support laboratory operations and R&D work.  A friend from grad school who is now my former GNS colleague referred me to an opening.  It was an easy decision coming here – I wanted to gain expertise in applying advanced statistical modeling and machine learning to analyze real-world data.  I get to do a lot of that in my current position.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: During the day, I mainly focus on project work, research activities, and meetings.  Some of the common tasks are programming and conducting statistical analyses, preparing client presentations, writing up analysis plans, reading research papers related to whatever project I am working on, discussing project-related issues with my manager and teammates, or responding to scientific inquiries from clients.  A day goes by fast!
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to help bring evidence from real-world data to support our clients, and continue to grow as a statistician and quantitative health researcher.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Certainly because of the people.  I have the privilege of working with many talented, driven colleagues who are passionate about solving challenging problems and making an impact.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Dan Cunha
Research Scientist
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I work with the R&D team to firstly learn about causal machine learning in REFS, then to write automated scripts to assess and confirm its quality, and finally prototype additional solutions for future updates.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My education is in mathematics and philosophy of science. Some of my favorite studies were on the notion of causality and the unity of science. Then I worked as a quantitative researcher and product manager at a labor market statistics company for 4 years. When I heard GNS was working on personalized medicine via causal machine learning, I asked to join them.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: My day usually starts in the kitchen where there is an assortment fruit and nuts available for breakfast. I usually spend the morning creating statistical tests, or prototyping new solutions to problems we are working on. At lunch I meet with scrum teams, which gives us a chance to discuss our work and run ideas by each other. That’s usually followed by a lunch-delaying whiteboard session. Sometime in the afternoon, I make time to take a walk, play ping pong, or gather musicians together to play a few songs. Depending on the state of my projects, I finish the day catching up on relevant research or debugging code.
Q: What is your goal at GNS? 
A: My goal is to contribute automated scalable machine learning processes to solving real problems in healthcare
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the people. We have mutual goals toward fixing healthcare problems, and it creates an environment fostering learning and productivity.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Boris Hayete
Senior Director, Precision Medicine
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I run the Precision Medicine team at GNS.  In this role, I am responsible for overseeing the scientific work of the team on a variety of projects involving our Biotech, Pharma, and foundation clients in PM space.  In addition to my scientific responsibilities, I also have some project planning, business development, management, and other duties. To the extent possible, I try to do scientific work between other tasks.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I finished my PhD in Bioinformatics, working in gene network inference, at Boston University working with Jim Collins.  Bruce Church of GNS apparently became interested in my work through talking to Jim and recruited me from grad school.  Although I had several offers from pharma – multiple ones from Pfizer alone – GNS was an easy choice.  I had hope for doing good science and helping start something meaningful in the process.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: On a typical day, I have 4-6 hours of meetings, some with clients, some internal; some scientific and some managerial.  I try to find 1-2 hours for scientific tasks – coding or conversations about research unrelated to projects with other GNS team members.  At home, I typically spend another hour or so catching up on whatever emails I’ve missed during the day.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: I hope to help GNS make an impact in the area of targeted therapies, as well as in network inference methods.  No one has ever been the first to achieve something because it was easy.  We can’t be afraid of hard problems.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the team.  We have a world-class group of scientists who can often turn the impossible into possible.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Robert Miller
Principal Software Engineer
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am the technical lead for the REFS platform.  I have written most of the code in iPredict, and I have worked on most of the rest of the platform.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My PhD is in applied mathematics, and I have almost 10 years’ experience teaching numerical analysis at the graduate level. I learned about GNS from a colleague at my former employer who knew Colin from grad school.  This was a couple of days after my former company went under.  GNS was less than a year old at the time, and things moved at a fast pace.  I called Colin and had an interview either that day or the next and started working a few weeks later.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: The platform team uses JIRA to track issues, so I usually start by looking at JIRA to refresh my memory on what I was last working on and to see if there are any new bug reports. Bug fixes usually take priority over developing new features, especially since they usually come up in a project which has a looming deadline. The platform team meets daily for a short scrum to resolve any blocking issues.  When I start work on a new feature or if I’m working on a bug fix, I will spend time talking to the users of the platform to get requirements for the feature or to determine what went wrong.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to make the REFS platform the best tool it can be in the features it provides, and in its performance, reliability and usability.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: I enjoy working at GNS because I get to work with some very smart people on challenging problems, and the work we are doing can have a significant impact for good.


			close            






Mario Accardi, PhD
Venture Partner, Fort Rock Capital
Board Observer
Mario is a Venture Partner at Fort Rock Capital, where he focuses on venture capital investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors including therapeutics, devices and digital health.
Mario sits on the boards of vasopharm GmbH, GNS Healthcare and Orthonika, a spin-out from Imperial College London which he co-founded, developing a novel orthopaedic implant. Before joining Fort Rock, he was at Entrepreneurs Fund where he invested in and worked with a number of early stage biotech, medical device and technology companies. Previously, he was working as a strategy consultant in the life sciences industry with Deallus Group.
Mario holds a PhD in Biomedical engineering from Imperial College London where his research focused on the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis and regenerative medicine approaches. Mario also holds a First Class MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering also from Imperial. He has a broad scientific background ranging from biomedical engineering, biomaterials and regenerative medicine to computational mathematics and molecular biology and has published in several international peer reviewed scientific journals. Originally from Rome, Mario lives in London (UK).


			close            






Leslie Hoyt
Chief Operating Officer
Leslie Hoyt is a veteran healthcare operations leader with an enormous passion for improving the health of individuals and the overall quality of care.
Leslie brings more than 30 years of experience to the role, encompassing managed care, healthcare technology, strategy, business consulting and business development.
Prior to joining GNS, she served United Health Group as Senior Vice President at Optum Health. Before that, she was the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Partner at Dovetail Health, a start-up focused on medication non-adherence. Hoyt worked in healthcare business and technology consulting before Dovetail, serving Sapient Corporation as Vice President, US Healthcare Practice Lead, where her client roster included payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Sapient, Hoyt worked for a decade building and leading provider organizations focused on managing the cost and quality of care.
Hoyt holds a Master’s degree from Boston University.


			close            






Stacey Wasserman, MBA
Vice President, Pharma Sales
Stacey Wasserman has a proven track record as a senior sales executive with more than 20 years’ experience in the healthcare technology industry. Currently, Stacey serves as the Vice President of Business Development, Pharmaceutical Market for GNS Healthcare, a leading provider of analytic solutions to pharmaceutical and health plan customers. Prior to that, she was the Senior Sales Director at Activate Networks, which provides a social network analytics platform.  Before that, Stacey spent 12 years with Truven Health Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters) where she was a top performer, selling data and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies. Other former roles include Consultant for Skila and Account Director for IMS Health. Stacey started her career working in Public Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Outside of work, Stacey lives in Princeton Junction, NJ with her two children and is involved in many local organizations. Stacey holds a BA in Biopsychology from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Rutgers University School of Business.


			close            






Gabriel Eichler, PhD
Vice President, Product Strategy
Gabriel Eichler is responsible for overseeing the growth of GNS’ emerging product solutions portfolio. His focus is primarily on applications of REFS to personalized medicine.
Gabriel has spent most of the last decade working on big-data healthcare applications to opportunities in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry and healthcare delivery. Formerly he managed several global client programs at PatientsLikeMe focusing on patient-centered research and outcomes. Gabriel was also responsible for establishing that company’s oncology product strategy and portfolio. Prior to PatientsLikeMe, Gabriel worked at Relay Technology Management (acquired by Decision Resources Group), McKinsey and Harvard Medical School.
Gabriel completed his MSc. and PhD in Bioinformatics at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute’s Laboratory of Molecular Pharmacology, jointly. His BSE is in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. He has authored over 30 scholarly manuscripts and book chapters.  He is an investor and advisor to numerous early-stage startup companies in the bioinformatics and digital health space. Gabriel also enjoys public speaking and has given over 100 lectures both nationally and internationally on personalized medicine, genomics, patient centricity, open innovation and medical informatics.


			close            






Randall Krakauer, MD, MBA
Chief, Medical Strategy
Dr. Krakauer has more than 30 years of experience in medicine and medical management, and has held senior medical management positions in several major organizations. He formerly was responsible for medical management planning and implementation nationally for Aetna Medicare members, including program development and administration.
Dr. Krakauer graduated from Albany Medical College in 1972 and is board-certified in internal medicine and rheumatology. He received training in internal medicine at the University of Minnesota Hospitals, in Rheumatology at the National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and received an MBA from Rutgers. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Rheumatology, and professor of medicine at Seton Hall University Graduate School of Medicine. He is past chairman of the American College of Managed Care Medicine.


			close            






Mark Pottle, MBA
Chief Financial Officer
Mark Pottle is responsible for the finance, accounting, legal, and human resource functions of GNS Healthcare.
Before joining GNS Healthcare, Mark was CFO of N-of-One Therapeutics, which provides analysis and interpretation of a tumor’s genome so that providers can personalize cancer treatments for patients. Prior to N-of-One, Mark worked at Picis Inc., which provides EMRs for emergency departments, ICUs, and ORs. After Picis was sold to United Healthcare/Optum in 2010, Mark became the CFO of Optum’s Accountable Care Organization division. Mark has also previously worked at several start-up to mid-level companies and has helped raise over $50 million of venture-backed funding, as well as over $150 million in private equity funding.
Mark is also a veteran of the U.S. Army. He graduated from University of New Hampshire with a degree in economics and holds an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.


			close            






Bruce Church, PhD
Chief Mathematics Officer
Bruce Church is responsible for developing algorithms for REFS and leading projects for the development of new products and technologies. Bruce is a member of the founding team of GNS Healthcare.
An expert in statistical physics, machine learning, parallel computing, and causal modeling, Bruce helped develop the original REFS platform. Previously, he spent ten years at Cornell University, developing global optimization methods for computational protein folding, the results of which have been published in several peer-reviewed journals.
Bruce has served as the principal investigator on several major grants, including a $2.5 million award from the Department of Energy. He has served on the Board of Directors for U.S. Rugby and coached the under-23 women’s Northeast rugby team. Bruce received a BS in applied and engineering physics and a PhD in applied physics from Cornell University.


			close            






Iya Khalil, PhD
Chief Commercial Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Khalil is a technology entrepreneur and physicist with a vision of transforming medicine into a discipline that is quantitative, predictive, and patient‐centric via big data analytic approaches. She co‐founded two big data companies, Via Science and GNS Healthcare, and is the co-inventor of the proprietary computational engine that underpins both entities. She trained in theoretical physics at Cornell University, and has more than 11 years of experience in “big data” analytics for healthcare, medicine, and the life sciences.
She has led several key foundational collaborations with providers, pharmaceutical companies, foundations, and government agencies. Dr. Khalil’s expertise spans applications in drug discovery, drug development all the way to treatment algorithms that can be applied at the point of care. She is a frequent speaker at industry events and conferences, has appeared in several industry journals, published several articles in the field, and was recognized by President Obama at a White House dinner as a leading entrepreneur in genomic medicine. More recently, she was named to the PharmaVOICE 100 list of the most inspiring people in the life sciences industry. She was recognized for her ability to build bridges across the life science and healthcare industries, bringing people together to harness the power of predictive modeling to change the lives of patients.


			close            






Kazuhiko Sogabe
General Manager, IT & Communication Business dept. Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.) Inc.
Board Observer
Sogabe has 15 years of experience in the software license and IT service business and has forged partnerships with a variety of companies in the US, China and Japan. Currently, he is responsible for Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.), Inc.’s business development in the IoT and Healthcare IT area.
Sogabe earned an MBA from Waseda Business School and BA in economics from Kwansei Gakuin University.


			close            






Scott Musch
Vice President, Corporate Development, Cambia Health
Board Observer
Scott serves as Vice President of Corporate Development at Cambia Health Solutions.
He helps to lead all health plan related M&A, divestitures, and strategic partnerships for Cambia Health Solutions. Prior to joining Cambia in April 2011, Scott worked in investment banking for over twelve years, covering a wide variety of companies, both inside and outside the healthcare industry. He was formerly a Senior Vice President for healthcare services-focused investment bank Shattuck Hammond Partners and prior to that, he worked as a Vice President in the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Department at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
Scott earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a BS in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA in Economics from the College of Arts and Sciences. He is currently studying for his Doctorate of Health Administration at Central Michigan University.


			close            






Winston Kung
Vice President, Business Development and Global Alliances
Celgene
Board Observer
Winston Kung is the Vice President of Business Development and Global Alliances for Celgene Corp.
Prior to joining Celgene, he worked at Citigroup in its Global Healthcare Corporate and Investment Banking Division where he focused on biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Citigroup, he worked at Barclays (formerly Lehman Brothers) in its Global Mergers and Acquisitions group focused on healthcare companies. Winston also worked on the business and corporate development teams at Genentech and Amgen.
Winston earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Brown University.


			close            






Irina Haivas, MD
Principal, Life Sciences/ Healthcare, GHO Capital
Board Observer
Irina is a healthcare specialist with a background in medicine and management consulting. She serves as Principal at GHO Capital Partners investing across healthcare sectors (pharma, biotech, med tech, health tech, consumer health, pharma B2B services). Irina has a special interest in precision medicine and digital health.
Prior to GHO, Irina spent 7 years with Bain & Company as a leader in the European healthcare practice, and has a wealth of experience across Europe, US and emerging markets. At Bain Irina was an advisor on healthcare due diligence and post-acquisition projects, and has worked directly with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare services companies on strategic initiatives including growth, business models, R&D and innovation, M&A, organizational development and operational improvement.
Irina has a first-in-class degree in Medicine, and studied at Iasi Medical University in Romania, Freiburg University in Germany as a Rotary Scholar, and Harvard Medical School. She also holds a MSc with distinction in International Health Policy from London School of Economics. A native Romanian speaker, Irina is fluent in English and German and is conversational in French and Italian.


			close            






Jason Cooper
Chief Analytics Officer, Strategy & Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jason serves as Chief Analytics Officer at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He is responsible for enterprise-wide data analytics and informatics, including both commercial and government lines of business.
Jason has more than 20 years of experience in analytics and informatics covering for-profit, nonprofit and government domains, including leading teams at Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Cigna and CVS Health, as well as experience with NASA spaceflight software analyses.
Jason is a well-published author, experienced public speaker and prior funded researcher. As well as a member of the International Institute for Analytics, the American Medical Informatics Association, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, Sentrian’s Advisory Board, Cognizant’s Chief Data Officer Advisory Council and board member of NJs American Diabetes Association.
Jason received his Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering with specialization in Healthcare Informatics from Duke University. He earned his BS and MS degrees in Computer Science from West Virginia University.


			close            






Adrian Weller, PhD
Senior Research Fellow, University of Cambridge
Faculty Fellow, Alan Turing Institute
Board Member
Adrian is a Senior Research Fellow in the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge, in the Computational and Biological Learning Lab, and also serves as a Faculty Fellow at The Alan Turing Institute, the United Kingdom’s national institute for data science. Most of his academic research relates to graphical models, but he is also very interested in other areas including finance, anything on intelligence (natural or artificial), deep learning, reinforcement learning, evolution, Bayesian methods, time series analysis, ethics, music and methods for big data.
Prior to his current roles, Adrian served as a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Group where he ran US and European interest rate trading. Earlier, Adrian was in the fixed income proprietary trading group at Salomon Brothers, and previously ran the fixed income options desk at Goldman Sachs.
Adrian completed his PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and holds a BA and MA in Mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an active angel investor, board member and advisor to many companies and charities apart from GNS including Simplex, Cambridge in America, and the Coexist Foundation.


			close            






Jared Short
Chief Operation Officer, Cambia Health Solutions
Board Member
Jared leads the accelerated pace of innovation and performance across the Cambia organization to ensure consumer focused solutions. As COO, Jared leverages his commitment and insight into consumer needs to execute against the company’s Cause of transforming health care to be person focused and economically sustainable.
Jared also fills the role of president of Cambia’s Health Insurance Services division, which serves 2.4 million members covered by seven health plans in Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington. He successfully drives award-winning service, facilitates collaborative partnerships between providers and patients, and helps create innovative new solutions meeting the needs of a rapidly changing marketplace.
Jared’s career with Cambia began in 1999, when he joined the company in a Finance role with cross-functional responsibilities across the organization. He moved briefly to BlueCross BlueShield of Montana, where he served as chief marketing and underwriting officer. Jared returned to Cambia in 2009 as president of Cambia’s regional health plan in Oregon, responsible for sales, provider contracting, and government and community relations.
Jared serves on the Board of Directors for TriWest Healthcare Alliance and GNS Healthcare. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Portland Metropolitan Area Boys and Girls Clubs.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics and history from Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.


			close            






Rob Coppedge
Chief Executive Officer, Echo Health Ventures
Board Member
As CEO of Echo Health Ventures, Rob leads the company’s efforts to identify, invest in and grow innovative companies that enable and deliver a transformed experience to health care consumers nationwide. As part of Echo’s unique partnership with its parents, Rob works closely with the senior management teams and board of Cambia Health Solutions and Mosaic Health Solutions to support collaboration with Echo’s portfolio companies, accelerate Cambia and Mosaic’s strategies and more quickly bring health care innovation to national scale.
Rob has more than 20 years of experience in health care venture capital and business building. Before founding Echo, Rob served as the President of Cambia Health Solutions’ diversified business unit (Direct Health Solutions). In this role, Rob oversaw Cambia’s wholly-owned operating companies (including cost and quality transparency market leader HealthSparq; ancillary benefits provider LifeMap) as well as its venture and private equity investing activities. Rob joined Cambia in 2010 to launch and build the company’s diversification and corporate venture investment efforts. Under Rob’s leadership, Cambia invested in nearly 20 companies. 
In 2015, Rob cofounded the Cambia Grove – an innovation hub focused on catalyzing and supporting the Pacific Northwest’s emerging health care economic cluster. At the Cambia Grove, innovators and entrepreneurs work closely with regional stakeholders to find solutions to pressing health care challenges.
Before joining Cambia, Rob was the founding partner of Faultline Ventures, where he worked with numerous early stage companies and strategic investors. Previously, he was a Partner at Capitol Health Partners, a Washington, D.C., and New York City-based venture capital firm specializing in early-stage health services and health care information technology.
Active in industry and community organizations, Rob serves on the boards of several health care companies and is a founder and former director of the Nashville-based largest network of young health care executives, Leadership Health Care. Rob also serves on the board of directors at Life Science Washington (formerly Washington Biotechnology & Biomedical Association) and the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and is a member of the American Leadership Forum.
Rob is a graduate of Georgetown University with a degree in history and is a Chartered Financial Analyst, charter holder.


			close            






Jan Berger, MD, MJ
President & Chief Executive Officer,
Health Intelligence Partners

Vice Chair of GNS Board of Directors
Jan founded Health Intelligence Partners six years ago as a health care consultancy that blends more than thirty years of business and clinical experience. Health Intelligence Partners has a global focus, working with clients on both short -term and long-term healthcare business strategies and solutions. Jan and Health Intelligence Partners help clients navigate the healthcare environment in order to identify and articulate value opportunities. A great deal of Jan’s focus is on consumer engagement and how it affects the decisions that the consumer makes and the actions that they take.
Prior to founding Health Intelligence Partners, Jan served as Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer for CVS Caremark. During that time, she had Executive Management, P & L, Operations, Innovation and Strategy responsibilities. Before going to CVS Caremark, Jan had 15 years’ experience in healthcare administration within the health plan and academic arenas and lead operations for two population health companies.
As a veteran healthcare executive, Jan’s leadership has delivered results in a variety of settings. Jan offers her experiences and insights through her consulting agency as well as through her participation on healthcare and consumer product boards. She presently sits on healthcare focused boards including AccentCare (Chair; Compliance Committee, Compensation Committee), GNS Healthcare, The University of Arizona School of Pharmacy, Harvard Patient Safety Board, Midwest Business Group on Health and Population Health Alliance (Chair: Government Affairs Committee). Jan’s consumer focused boards include Meals to Heal and Whiskerdocs. Jan previously sat on two boards; Care Core National (Committees: Chari: Finance Past Chairperson, Compensation, Search, M&A and Strategic Directions) and Rx-Ante, which were recently sold. She also sits on numerous business and healthcare committees.
As the author of the books “Leveraging Health” and “Thirteen Common Pitfalls in Consumer Engagement” and “Medical Liability for Pediatricians”, the Editor in Chief of American Journal of Pharmacy Benefit and on the editorial boards of a number of healthcare journals, Jan is considered a national health care thought leader. Jan speaks and writes on a broad range of health care issues.
Jan holds both a Doctor of Medicine degree and a Master’s degree in Jurisprudence from Loyola University in Chicago and a Certificate in Healthcare Business Administration from University of South Florida. She also holds a black belt in Six Sigma. Jan is an assistant professor at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois.


			close            






Colin Hill, MS
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder
Colin Hill co-founded GNS Healthcare in 2000 and has served as Chairman & CEO since then. He brings impressive leadership experience and a solid track record in commercializing machine learning technology and precision medicine platforms in the biopharmaceutical and managed care industries. In 2016, he was appointed to the board of directors of a leading publicly traded mobile health company that pioneered remote cardiac monitoring – Biotelemetry Inc. (formerly CardioNet) (NASDAQ: BEAT). He was appointed in 2015 by Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker to the board of directors of the Center for Health Information and Analysis. He is also a founding board member of Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute, a non-profit foundation (501c3) dedicated to the advancement of personalized medicine.
He was a founding member of the Board of Directors of AesRx, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of new treatments for sickle cell disease (acquired by Baxter in 2014). Colin was the founding chairman of O’Reilly Media’s Strata Rx in 2012, the first healthcare big data conference in the industry. Colin was the founding chairman of big data quantitative trading firm Fina Technologies and served from 2008 to 2011. In 2004, Colin was named to MIT Technology Review’s TR100 list of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
He is a frequent speaker at national and international scientific and industry conferences including America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) annual meeting, the Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) annual meeting, and the Forbes Healthcare Summit, and has been quoted in and appeared in numerous publications and television programs, including The Wall Street Journal, CNBC Morning Call & SquawkBox, Nature, Boston Globe, Politico, Forbes, Wired, and The Economist.
He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in physics and earned Master’s degrees in physics from both McGill University and Cornell University.


			close            





















































Solutions – GNS HealthCare



 








































 

















        




























 





SOLUTIONS & OFFERINGS
Advance precision medicine and transform healthcare delivery.









  








  



  





Advanced Illness






  


















  





Metabolic Syndrome






  


















  





Custom Modeling Offerings






  


















  





REFS License






  
















  







Discover what works. For whom.  

GET STARTED NOW

  
  


    














QUICK LINKS 
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Who We Serve
Solutions
Media Center
Contact
 


News 




Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 27, 2017			





GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 19, 2017			





Gregg’s Diabetes Identifies GNS as One of a Handful of Companies Focused on Market Access


				February 2, 2017			








Events 




GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017


				June 16, 2017			

 






GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference


				June 12, 2017			

 






Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017


				June 8, 2017			

 









CONTACT 
  











© GNS Healthcare 196 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-374-2300  | info@gnshealthcare.com 



      








Home
About Us

Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Strategic Advisory Board
Careers + Culture


Our Approach

REFS™
MeasureBase™
Expertise

Publications




Who We Serve

Health Plans
Health Systems
Biopharmaceuticals
Foundations


Solutions

Advanced Illness
Metabolic Syndrome
Custom Modeling
REFS License


Media Center

Press Releases
In The News
Events


Contact




 





Jeff Vernice, PhD, MBA
Director, Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jeff serves as a director at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He leads teams responsible for business partnerships that provide analytics and data science solutions.
Jeff has over 25 years of industry experience which includes telecommunications, pharmaceutical/life sciences, pharmacy benefit management and health insurance. Besides analytics he has expertise with product management/development, process improvement, business operations, business development, health economics and privacy.
His career spans working for consulting companies like IBM, EDS and as an independent management consultant. The majority of his career has been working in the healthcare sector for companies such as Schering Plough, Corning Life Sciences and Merck/Medco Health solutions.
Jeff earned his BS and MS Management degrees and MS in Computer Science from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Additionally, he holds a PhD in Biomedical Informatics from Rutgers University and a Master’s in Business Administration from Cornell University. He is also a Six Sigma Black Belt.


			close            





Ben Bielak
Chief Information Officer
Ben brings 25 years of executive and senior information technology experience to GNS. In his role at GNS as Chief Information Officer, Ben is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS™ (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools.
He most recently served as the Director of Academic Technology at Harvard University. Prior to his work at Harvard, Bielak was the Chief Information Officer at Dovetail Health, a high-growth product and services company focused on reducing costs through pharmacy-focused interventions. He previously held roles as Manager of Development and Integration at Boston Medical Center and Senior Manager of Technology at Sapient.
Bielak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Bentley University, where his studies focused on change management, and a master’s degree from Boston University in computer science. He maintains two certifications, the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) Certified Healthcare Chief Information Officer (CHCIO) and the Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS).


			close            





Julie Slezak, MSPH
Executive Vice President, Clinical Analytics
Julie Slezak has been working in healthcare analytics for over 25 years. In her role at GNS as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics she advises clients on how to set up analytics and data strategy as well as partnering on methodologies and peer review publications. Prior to her current role, Julie led eviCore’s analytics organization where she was the EVP and Chief Analytics Officer. In this role she was responsible for providing overall analytical leadership including data strategy, research, methodology development, and analytical product development. She specializes in clinical outcomes research, interventional data analysis and big data use.
Throughout her career, Julie held analytical leadership roles in both small and large organizations. Her background and training come from 10 years at the University of Illinois’ School of Public Health, Epidemiology and Biostatistics division, where she studied and worked. Her private sector resume includes consulting at Hewitt Associates, LLC (now AonHewitt) and a long run with CVS/Caremark, where she led enterprise analytics.
Julie holds a Master’s of Science in Public Health Sciences, Epidemiology from the University of Illinois, Chicago.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Ngoc Thai
Senior Biostatistician
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am a research analyst in the Health Economics and Outcomes Research group at GNS.  In this role, I am fortunate to participate in the full research process from proposal writing to study protocol development, through data processing and statistical modeling, to communication of results.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I hold a MS in Statistics from UMass Amherst.  Before joining GNS, I worked as a statistician at a heart diagnostics company, analyzing proprietary clinical data to support laboratory operations and R&D work.  A friend from grad school who is now my former GNS colleague referred me to an opening.  It was an easy decision coming here – I wanted to gain expertise in applying advanced statistical modeling and machine learning to analyze real-world data.  I get to do a lot of that in my current position.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: During the day, I mainly focus on project work, research activities, and meetings.  Some of the common tasks are programming and conducting statistical analyses, preparing client presentations, writing up analysis plans, reading research papers related to whatever project I am working on, discussing project-related issues with my manager and teammates, or responding to scientific inquiries from clients.  A day goes by fast!
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to help bring evidence from real-world data to support our clients, and continue to grow as a statistician and quantitative health researcher.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Certainly because of the people.  I have the privilege of working with many talented, driven colleagues who are passionate about solving challenging problems and making an impact.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Dan Cunha
Research Scientist
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I work with the R&D team to firstly learn about causal machine learning in REFS, then to write automated scripts to assess and confirm its quality, and finally prototype additional solutions for future updates.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My education is in mathematics and philosophy of science. Some of my favorite studies were on the notion of causality and the unity of science. Then I worked as a quantitative researcher and product manager at a labor market statistics company for 4 years. When I heard GNS was working on personalized medicine via causal machine learning, I asked to join them.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: My day usually starts in the kitchen where there is an assortment fruit and nuts available for breakfast. I usually spend the morning creating statistical tests, or prototyping new solutions to problems we are working on. At lunch I meet with scrum teams, which gives us a chance to discuss our work and run ideas by each other. That’s usually followed by a lunch-delaying whiteboard session. Sometime in the afternoon, I make time to take a walk, play ping pong, or gather musicians together to play a few songs. Depending on the state of my projects, I finish the day catching up on relevant research or debugging code.
Q: What is your goal at GNS? 
A: My goal is to contribute automated scalable machine learning processes to solving real problems in healthcare
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the people. We have mutual goals toward fixing healthcare problems, and it creates an environment fostering learning and productivity.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Boris Hayete
Senior Director, Precision Medicine
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I run the Precision Medicine team at GNS.  In this role, I am responsible for overseeing the scientific work of the team on a variety of projects involving our Biotech, Pharma, and foundation clients in PM space.  In addition to my scientific responsibilities, I also have some project planning, business development, management, and other duties. To the extent possible, I try to do scientific work between other tasks.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I finished my PhD in Bioinformatics, working in gene network inference, at Boston University working with Jim Collins.  Bruce Church of GNS apparently became interested in my work through talking to Jim and recruited me from grad school.  Although I had several offers from pharma – multiple ones from Pfizer alone – GNS was an easy choice.  I had hope for doing good science and helping start something meaningful in the process.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: On a typical day, I have 4-6 hours of meetings, some with clients, some internal; some scientific and some managerial.  I try to find 1-2 hours for scientific tasks – coding or conversations about research unrelated to projects with other GNS team members.  At home, I typically spend another hour or so catching up on whatever emails I’ve missed during the day.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: I hope to help GNS make an impact in the area of targeted therapies, as well as in network inference methods.  No one has ever been the first to achieve something because it was easy.  We can’t be afraid of hard problems.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the team.  We have a world-class group of scientists who can often turn the impossible into possible.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Robert Miller
Principal Software Engineer
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am the technical lead for the REFS platform.  I have written most of the code in iPredict, and I have worked on most of the rest of the platform.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My PhD is in applied mathematics, and I have almost 10 years’ experience teaching numerical analysis at the graduate level. I learned about GNS from a colleague at my former employer who knew Colin from grad school.  This was a couple of days after my former company went under.  GNS was less than a year old at the time, and things moved at a fast pace.  I called Colin and had an interview either that day or the next and started working a few weeks later.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: The platform team uses JIRA to track issues, so I usually start by looking at JIRA to refresh my memory on what I was last working on and to see if there are any new bug reports. Bug fixes usually take priority over developing new features, especially since they usually come up in a project which has a looming deadline. The platform team meets daily for a short scrum to resolve any blocking issues.  When I start work on a new feature or if I’m working on a bug fix, I will spend time talking to the users of the platform to get requirements for the feature or to determine what went wrong.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to make the REFS platform the best tool it can be in the features it provides, and in its performance, reliability and usability.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: I enjoy working at GNS because I get to work with some very smart people on challenging problems, and the work we are doing can have a significant impact for good.


			close            






Mario Accardi, PhD
Venture Partner, Fort Rock Capital
Board Observer
Mario is a Venture Partner at Fort Rock Capital, where he focuses on venture capital investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors including therapeutics, devices and digital health.
Mario sits on the boards of vasopharm GmbH, GNS Healthcare and Orthonika, a spin-out from Imperial College London which he co-founded, developing a novel orthopaedic implant. Before joining Fort Rock, he was at Entrepreneurs Fund where he invested in and worked with a number of early stage biotech, medical device and technology companies. Previously, he was working as a strategy consultant in the life sciences industry with Deallus Group.
Mario holds a PhD in Biomedical engineering from Imperial College London where his research focused on the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis and regenerative medicine approaches. Mario also holds a First Class MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering also from Imperial. He has a broad scientific background ranging from biomedical engineering, biomaterials and regenerative medicine to computational mathematics and molecular biology and has published in several international peer reviewed scientific journals. Originally from Rome, Mario lives in London (UK).


			close            






Leslie Hoyt
Chief Operating Officer
Leslie Hoyt is a veteran healthcare operations leader with an enormous passion for improving the health of individuals and the overall quality of care.
Leslie brings more than 30 years of experience to the role, encompassing managed care, healthcare technology, strategy, business consulting and business development.
Prior to joining GNS, she served United Health Group as Senior Vice President at Optum Health. Before that, she was the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Partner at Dovetail Health, a start-up focused on medication non-adherence. Hoyt worked in healthcare business and technology consulting before Dovetail, serving Sapient Corporation as Vice President, US Healthcare Practice Lead, where her client roster included payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Sapient, Hoyt worked for a decade building and leading provider organizations focused on managing the cost and quality of care.
Hoyt holds a Master’s degree from Boston University.


			close            






Stacey Wasserman, MBA
Vice President, Pharma Sales
Stacey Wasserman has a proven track record as a senior sales executive with more than 20 years’ experience in the healthcare technology industry. Currently, Stacey serves as the Vice President of Business Development, Pharmaceutical Market for GNS Healthcare, a leading provider of analytic solutions to pharmaceutical and health plan customers. Prior to that, she was the Senior Sales Director at Activate Networks, which provides a social network analytics platform.  Before that, Stacey spent 12 years with Truven Health Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters) where she was a top performer, selling data and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies. Other former roles include Consultant for Skila and Account Director for IMS Health. Stacey started her career working in Public Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Outside of work, Stacey lives in Princeton Junction, NJ with her two children and is involved in many local organizations. Stacey holds a BA in Biopsychology from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Rutgers University School of Business.


			close            






Gabriel Eichler, PhD
Vice President, Product Strategy
Gabriel Eichler is responsible for overseeing the growth of GNS’ emerging product solutions portfolio. His focus is primarily on applications of REFS to personalized medicine.
Gabriel has spent most of the last decade working on big-data healthcare applications to opportunities in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry and healthcare delivery. Formerly he managed several global client programs at PatientsLikeMe focusing on patient-centered research and outcomes. Gabriel was also responsible for establishing that company’s oncology product strategy and portfolio. Prior to PatientsLikeMe, Gabriel worked at Relay Technology Management (acquired by Decision Resources Group), McKinsey and Harvard Medical School.
Gabriel completed his MSc. and PhD in Bioinformatics at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute’s Laboratory of Molecular Pharmacology, jointly. His BSE is in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. He has authored over 30 scholarly manuscripts and book chapters.  He is an investor and advisor to numerous early-stage startup companies in the bioinformatics and digital health space. Gabriel also enjoys public speaking and has given over 100 lectures both nationally and internationally on personalized medicine, genomics, patient centricity, open innovation and medical informatics.


			close            






Randall Krakauer, MD, MBA
Chief, Medical Strategy
Dr. Krakauer has more than 30 years of experience in medicine and medical management, and has held senior medical management positions in several major organizations. He formerly was responsible for medical management planning and implementation nationally for Aetna Medicare members, including program development and administration.
Dr. Krakauer graduated from Albany Medical College in 1972 and is board-certified in internal medicine and rheumatology. He received training in internal medicine at the University of Minnesota Hospitals, in Rheumatology at the National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and received an MBA from Rutgers. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Rheumatology, and professor of medicine at Seton Hall University Graduate School of Medicine. He is past chairman of the American College of Managed Care Medicine.


			close            






Mark Pottle, MBA
Chief Financial Officer
Mark Pottle is responsible for the finance, accounting, legal, and human resource functions of GNS Healthcare.
Before joining GNS Healthcare, Mark was CFO of N-of-One Therapeutics, which provides analysis and interpretation of a tumor’s genome so that providers can personalize cancer treatments for patients. Prior to N-of-One, Mark worked at Picis Inc., which provides EMRs for emergency departments, ICUs, and ORs. After Picis was sold to United Healthcare/Optum in 2010, Mark became the CFO of Optum’s Accountable Care Organization division. Mark has also previously worked at several start-up to mid-level companies and has helped raise over $50 million of venture-backed funding, as well as over $150 million in private equity funding.
Mark is also a veteran of the U.S. Army. He graduated from University of New Hampshire with a degree in economics and holds an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.


			close            






Bruce Church, PhD
Chief Mathematics Officer
Bruce Church is responsible for developing algorithms for REFS and leading projects for the development of new products and technologies. Bruce is a member of the founding team of GNS Healthcare.
An expert in statistical physics, machine learning, parallel computing, and causal modeling, Bruce helped develop the original REFS platform. Previously, he spent ten years at Cornell University, developing global optimization methods for computational protein folding, the results of which have been published in several peer-reviewed journals.
Bruce has served as the principal investigator on several major grants, including a $2.5 million award from the Department of Energy. He has served on the Board of Directors for U.S. Rugby and coached the under-23 women’s Northeast rugby team. Bruce received a BS in applied and engineering physics and a PhD in applied physics from Cornell University.


			close            






Iya Khalil, PhD
Chief Commercial Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Khalil is a technology entrepreneur and physicist with a vision of transforming medicine into a discipline that is quantitative, predictive, and patient‐centric via big data analytic approaches. She co‐founded two big data companies, Via Science and GNS Healthcare, and is the co-inventor of the proprietary computational engine that underpins both entities. She trained in theoretical physics at Cornell University, and has more than 11 years of experience in “big data” analytics for healthcare, medicine, and the life sciences.
She has led several key foundational collaborations with providers, pharmaceutical companies, foundations, and government agencies. Dr. Khalil’s expertise spans applications in drug discovery, drug development all the way to treatment algorithms that can be applied at the point of care. She is a frequent speaker at industry events and conferences, has appeared in several industry journals, published several articles in the field, and was recognized by President Obama at a White House dinner as a leading entrepreneur in genomic medicine. More recently, she was named to the PharmaVOICE 100 list of the most inspiring people in the life sciences industry. She was recognized for her ability to build bridges across the life science and healthcare industries, bringing people together to harness the power of predictive modeling to change the lives of patients.


			close            






Kazuhiko Sogabe
General Manager, IT & Communication Business dept. Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.) Inc.
Board Observer
Sogabe has 15 years of experience in the software license and IT service business and has forged partnerships with a variety of companies in the US, China and Japan. Currently, he is responsible for Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.), Inc.’s business development in the IoT and Healthcare IT area.
Sogabe earned an MBA from Waseda Business School and BA in economics from Kwansei Gakuin University.


			close            






Scott Musch
Vice President, Corporate Development, Cambia Health
Board Observer
Scott serves as Vice President of Corporate Development at Cambia Health Solutions.
He helps to lead all health plan related M&A, divestitures, and strategic partnerships for Cambia Health Solutions. Prior to joining Cambia in April 2011, Scott worked in investment banking for over twelve years, covering a wide variety of companies, both inside and outside the healthcare industry. He was formerly a Senior Vice President for healthcare services-focused investment bank Shattuck Hammond Partners and prior to that, he worked as a Vice President in the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Department at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
Scott earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a BS in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA in Economics from the College of Arts and Sciences. He is currently studying for his Doctorate of Health Administration at Central Michigan University.


			close            






Winston Kung
Vice President, Business Development and Global Alliances
Celgene
Board Observer
Winston Kung is the Vice President of Business Development and Global Alliances for Celgene Corp.
Prior to joining Celgene, he worked at Citigroup in its Global Healthcare Corporate and Investment Banking Division where he focused on biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Citigroup, he worked at Barclays (formerly Lehman Brothers) in its Global Mergers and Acquisitions group focused on healthcare companies. Winston also worked on the business and corporate development teams at Genentech and Amgen.
Winston earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Brown University.


			close            






Irina Haivas, MD
Principal, Life Sciences/ Healthcare, GHO Capital
Board Observer
Irina is a healthcare specialist with a background in medicine and management consulting. She serves as Principal at GHO Capital Partners investing across healthcare sectors (pharma, biotech, med tech, health tech, consumer health, pharma B2B services). Irina has a special interest in precision medicine and digital health.
Prior to GHO, Irina spent 7 years with Bain & Company as a leader in the European healthcare practice, and has a wealth of experience across Europe, US and emerging markets. At Bain Irina was an advisor on healthcare due diligence and post-acquisition projects, and has worked directly with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare services companies on strategic initiatives including growth, business models, R&D and innovation, M&A, organizational development and operational improvement.
Irina has a first-in-class degree in Medicine, and studied at Iasi Medical University in Romania, Freiburg University in Germany as a Rotary Scholar, and Harvard Medical School. She also holds a MSc with distinction in International Health Policy from London School of Economics. A native Romanian speaker, Irina is fluent in English and German and is conversational in French and Italian.


			close            






Jason Cooper
Chief Analytics Officer, Strategy & Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jason serves as Chief Analytics Officer at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He is responsible for enterprise-wide data analytics and informatics, including both commercial and government lines of business.
Jason has more than 20 years of experience in analytics and informatics covering for-profit, nonprofit and government domains, including leading teams at Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Cigna and CVS Health, as well as experience with NASA spaceflight software analyses.
Jason is a well-published author, experienced public speaker and prior funded researcher. As well as a member of the International Institute for Analytics, the American Medical Informatics Association, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, Sentrian’s Advisory Board, Cognizant’s Chief Data Officer Advisory Council and board member of NJs American Diabetes Association.
Jason received his Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering with specialization in Healthcare Informatics from Duke University. He earned his BS and MS degrees in Computer Science from West Virginia University.


			close            






Adrian Weller, PhD
Senior Research Fellow, University of Cambridge
Faculty Fellow, Alan Turing Institute
Board Member
Adrian is a Senior Research Fellow in the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge, in the Computational and Biological Learning Lab, and also serves as a Faculty Fellow at The Alan Turing Institute, the United Kingdom’s national institute for data science. Most of his academic research relates to graphical models, but he is also very interested in other areas including finance, anything on intelligence (natural or artificial), deep learning, reinforcement learning, evolution, Bayesian methods, time series analysis, ethics, music and methods for big data.
Prior to his current roles, Adrian served as a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Group where he ran US and European interest rate trading. Earlier, Adrian was in the fixed income proprietary trading group at Salomon Brothers, and previously ran the fixed income options desk at Goldman Sachs.
Adrian completed his PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and holds a BA and MA in Mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an active angel investor, board member and advisor to many companies and charities apart from GNS including Simplex, Cambridge in America, and the Coexist Foundation.


			close            






Jared Short
Chief Operation Officer, Cambia Health Solutions
Board Member
Jared leads the accelerated pace of innovation and performance across the Cambia organization to ensure consumer focused solutions. As COO, Jared leverages his commitment and insight into consumer needs to execute against the company’s Cause of transforming health care to be person focused and economically sustainable.
Jared also fills the role of president of Cambia’s Health Insurance Services division, which serves 2.4 million members covered by seven health plans in Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington. He successfully drives award-winning service, facilitates collaborative partnerships between providers and patients, and helps create innovative new solutions meeting the needs of a rapidly changing marketplace.
Jared’s career with Cambia began in 1999, when he joined the company in a Finance role with cross-functional responsibilities across the organization. He moved briefly to BlueCross BlueShield of Montana, where he served as chief marketing and underwriting officer. Jared returned to Cambia in 2009 as president of Cambia’s regional health plan in Oregon, responsible for sales, provider contracting, and government and community relations.
Jared serves on the Board of Directors for TriWest Healthcare Alliance and GNS Healthcare. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Portland Metropolitan Area Boys and Girls Clubs.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics and history from Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.


			close            






Rob Coppedge
Chief Executive Officer, Echo Health Ventures
Board Member
As CEO of Echo Health Ventures, Rob leads the company’s efforts to identify, invest in and grow innovative companies that enable and deliver a transformed experience to health care consumers nationwide. As part of Echo’s unique partnership with its parents, Rob works closely with the senior management teams and board of Cambia Health Solutions and Mosaic Health Solutions to support collaboration with Echo’s portfolio companies, accelerate Cambia and Mosaic’s strategies and more quickly bring health care innovation to national scale.
Rob has more than 20 years of experience in health care venture capital and business building. Before founding Echo, Rob served as the President of Cambia Health Solutions’ diversified business unit (Direct Health Solutions). In this role, Rob oversaw Cambia’s wholly-owned operating companies (including cost and quality transparency market leader HealthSparq; ancillary benefits provider LifeMap) as well as its venture and private equity investing activities. Rob joined Cambia in 2010 to launch and build the company’s diversification and corporate venture investment efforts. Under Rob’s leadership, Cambia invested in nearly 20 companies. 
In 2015, Rob cofounded the Cambia Grove – an innovation hub focused on catalyzing and supporting the Pacific Northwest’s emerging health care economic cluster. At the Cambia Grove, innovators and entrepreneurs work closely with regional stakeholders to find solutions to pressing health care challenges.
Before joining Cambia, Rob was the founding partner of Faultline Ventures, where he worked with numerous early stage companies and strategic investors. Previously, he was a Partner at Capitol Health Partners, a Washington, D.C., and New York City-based venture capital firm specializing in early-stage health services and health care information technology.
Active in industry and community organizations, Rob serves on the boards of several health care companies and is a founder and former director of the Nashville-based largest network of young health care executives, Leadership Health Care. Rob also serves on the board of directors at Life Science Washington (formerly Washington Biotechnology & Biomedical Association) and the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and is a member of the American Leadership Forum.
Rob is a graduate of Georgetown University with a degree in history and is a Chartered Financial Analyst, charter holder.


			close            






Jan Berger, MD, MJ
President & Chief Executive Officer,
Health Intelligence Partners

Vice Chair of GNS Board of Directors
Jan founded Health Intelligence Partners six years ago as a health care consultancy that blends more than thirty years of business and clinical experience. Health Intelligence Partners has a global focus, working with clients on both short -term and long-term healthcare business strategies and solutions. Jan and Health Intelligence Partners help clients navigate the healthcare environment in order to identify and articulate value opportunities. A great deal of Jan’s focus is on consumer engagement and how it affects the decisions that the consumer makes and the actions that they take.
Prior to founding Health Intelligence Partners, Jan served as Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer for CVS Caremark. During that time, she had Executive Management, P & L, Operations, Innovation and Strategy responsibilities. Before going to CVS Caremark, Jan had 15 years’ experience in healthcare administration within the health plan and academic arenas and lead operations for two population health companies.
As a veteran healthcare executive, Jan’s leadership has delivered results in a variety of settings. Jan offers her experiences and insights through her consulting agency as well as through her participation on healthcare and consumer product boards. She presently sits on healthcare focused boards including AccentCare (Chair; Compliance Committee, Compensation Committee), GNS Healthcare, The University of Arizona School of Pharmacy, Harvard Patient Safety Board, Midwest Business Group on Health and Population Health Alliance (Chair: Government Affairs Committee). Jan’s consumer focused boards include Meals to Heal and Whiskerdocs. Jan previously sat on two boards; Care Core National (Committees: Chari: Finance Past Chairperson, Compensation, Search, M&A and Strategic Directions) and Rx-Ante, which were recently sold. She also sits on numerous business and healthcare committees.
As the author of the books “Leveraging Health” and “Thirteen Common Pitfalls in Consumer Engagement” and “Medical Liability for Pediatricians”, the Editor in Chief of American Journal of Pharmacy Benefit and on the editorial boards of a number of healthcare journals, Jan is considered a national health care thought leader. Jan speaks and writes on a broad range of health care issues.
Jan holds both a Doctor of Medicine degree and a Master’s degree in Jurisprudence from Loyola University in Chicago and a Certificate in Healthcare Business Administration from University of South Florida. She also holds a black belt in Six Sigma. Jan is an assistant professor at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois.


			close            






Colin Hill, MS
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder
Colin Hill co-founded GNS Healthcare in 2000 and has served as Chairman & CEO since then. He brings impressive leadership experience and a solid track record in commercializing machine learning technology and precision medicine platforms in the biopharmaceutical and managed care industries. In 2016, he was appointed to the board of directors of a leading publicly traded mobile health company that pioneered remote cardiac monitoring – Biotelemetry Inc. (formerly CardioNet) (NASDAQ: BEAT). He was appointed in 2015 by Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker to the board of directors of the Center for Health Information and Analysis. He is also a founding board member of Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute, a non-profit foundation (501c3) dedicated to the advancement of personalized medicine.
He was a founding member of the Board of Directors of AesRx, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of new treatments for sickle cell disease (acquired by Baxter in 2014). Colin was the founding chairman of O’Reilly Media’s Strata Rx in 2012, the first healthcare big data conference in the industry. Colin was the founding chairman of big data quantitative trading firm Fina Technologies and served from 2008 to 2011. In 2004, Colin was named to MIT Technology Review’s TR100 list of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
He is a frequent speaker at national and international scientific and industry conferences including America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) annual meeting, the Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) annual meeting, and the Forbes Healthcare Summit, and has been quoted in and appeared in numerous publications and television programs, including The Wall Street Journal, CNBC Morning Call & SquawkBox, Nature, Boston Globe, Politico, Forbes, Wired, and The Economist.
He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in physics and earned Master’s degrees in physics from both McGill University and Cornell University.


			close            

















































News – GNS HealthCare




 


































 

















        































 





Jun
27


 0 





											Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

Working Towards New Therapies for Cardiovascular Disease   Stamford, Conn. and Cambridge, Mass. – June 27, 2017– Sema4, an interdisciplinary health information company with expertise in collecting diverse data, building computational models of disease and unlocking solutions to disease, today announced it is leveraging GNS Healthcare’s (GNS), REFS™ (Reverse Engineering…
Read More










Jun
19


 0 





											GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.– June 19, 2017 – GNS Healthcare (GNS), a leading precision medicine company, today announced a collaboration with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group to leverage GNS REFS™ (Reverse...Read More










Jun
16


 0 





											GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

Next week, the 2017 BIO International Convention descends upon San Diego, bringing together top innovators and decision makers in biotech. GNS Chief Commercial Officer and Co-founder Dr. Iya Khalil will...Read More










Jun
12


 0 





											GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

GNS Healthcare CEO Colin Hill is set to take the stage at the 2017 VivaTech conference in Paris later this week. The "Future of Healthcare" roundtable will discuss how disruptive technologies, especially advancements...Read More










Jun
08


 0 





											Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

The 5th Annual Healthcare Connect Conference opens this evening in Sonoma, California. The event, sponsored by Silicon Valley Bank and DLA Piper, brings together corporate and venture leaders to advance the efforts...Read More










Jun
02


 0 





											GNS Healthcare to present at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

This weekend, GNS Healthcare will be traveling to Chicago, Illinois to present study results from a partnership researching colorectal cancer at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)....Read More










May
31


 0 





											GNS Healthcare Uncovers Novel Targets for Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Using Causal Machine Learning and Simulation Platform REFS™										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

New Gene Discoveries Published by the American Association for Cancer Research CAMBRIDGE, Mass. – May 31, 2017– Leading precision medicine company GNS Healthcare (GNS), today announced the discovery of novel...Read More










May
25


 0 





											Colin Hill talks entrepreneurship at Harvard University										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

On Wednesday, May 24 GNS Healthcare Chairman and CEO Colin Hill spoke at the Biomedical Informatics Entrepreneurs Salon (BIES), a monthly meeting co-hosted by Harvard University's Office of Technology Development. The...Read More










May
24


 0 





											Pillar VC Panel features GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

GNS Healthcare Chief Commerical Officer and Co-Founder, Dr. Iya Khalil, spoke on a panel at Machine Learning in Healthcare Summit earlier today. The event, hosted by Pillar and in partnership with...Read More










May
22


 0 





											GNS Healthcare to Present Two Abstracts at ISPOR 2017										 

By GNS Healthcare | 

The ISPOR 22nd Annual International Meeting is being held this week in Boston. The theme this year is Evidence and Value in a Time of Social and Policy Change and as...Read More








NextPrevious »











QUICK LINKS 
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Who We Serve
Solutions
Media Center
Contact
 


News 




Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 27, 2017			





GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 19, 2017			





Gregg’s Diabetes Identifies GNS as One of a Handful of Companies Focused on Market Access


				February 2, 2017			








Events 




GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017


				June 16, 2017			

 






GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference


				June 12, 2017			

 






Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017


				June 8, 2017			

 









CONTACT 
  











© GNS Healthcare 196 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-374-2300  | info@gnshealthcare.com 



      








Home
About Us

Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Strategic Advisory Board
Careers + Culture


Our Approach

REFS™
MeasureBase™
Expertise

Publications




Who We Serve

Health Plans
Health Systems
Biopharmaceuticals
Foundations


Solutions

Advanced Illness
Metabolic Syndrome
Custom Modeling
REFS License


Media Center

Press Releases
In The News
Events


Contact




 





Jeff Vernice, PhD, MBA
Director, Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jeff serves as a director at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He leads teams responsible for business partnerships that provide analytics and data science solutions.
Jeff has over 25 years of industry experience which includes telecommunications, pharmaceutical/life sciences, pharmacy benefit management and health insurance. Besides analytics he has expertise with product management/development, process improvement, business operations, business development, health economics and privacy.
His career spans working for consulting companies like IBM, EDS and as an independent management consultant. The majority of his career has been working in the healthcare sector for companies such as Schering Plough, Corning Life Sciences and Merck/Medco Health solutions.
Jeff earned his BS and MS Management degrees and MS in Computer Science from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Additionally, he holds a PhD in Biomedical Informatics from Rutgers University and a Master’s in Business Administration from Cornell University. He is also a Six Sigma Black Belt.


			close            





Ben Bielak
Chief Information Officer
Ben brings 25 years of executive and senior information technology experience to GNS. In his role at GNS as Chief Information Officer, Ben is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS™ (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools.
He most recently served as the Director of Academic Technology at Harvard University. Prior to his work at Harvard, Bielak was the Chief Information Officer at Dovetail Health, a high-growth product and services company focused on reducing costs through pharmacy-focused interventions. He previously held roles as Manager of Development and Integration at Boston Medical Center and Senior Manager of Technology at Sapient.
Bielak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Bentley University, where his studies focused on change management, and a master’s degree from Boston University in computer science. He maintains two certifications, the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) Certified Healthcare Chief Information Officer (CHCIO) and the Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS).


			close            





Julie Slezak, MSPH
Executive Vice President, Clinical Analytics
Julie Slezak has been working in healthcare analytics for over 25 years. In her role at GNS as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics she advises clients on how to set up analytics and data strategy as well as partnering on methodologies and peer review publications. Prior to her current role, Julie led eviCore’s analytics organization where she was the EVP and Chief Analytics Officer. In this role she was responsible for providing overall analytical leadership including data strategy, research, methodology development, and analytical product development. She specializes in clinical outcomes research, interventional data analysis and big data use.
Throughout her career, Julie held analytical leadership roles in both small and large organizations. Her background and training come from 10 years at the University of Illinois’ School of Public Health, Epidemiology and Biostatistics division, where she studied and worked. Her private sector resume includes consulting at Hewitt Associates, LLC (now AonHewitt) and a long run with CVS/Caremark, where she led enterprise analytics.
Julie holds a Master’s of Science in Public Health Sciences, Epidemiology from the University of Illinois, Chicago.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Ngoc Thai
Senior Biostatistician
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am a research analyst in the Health Economics and Outcomes Research group at GNS.  In this role, I am fortunate to participate in the full research process from proposal writing to study protocol development, through data processing and statistical modeling, to communication of results.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I hold a MS in Statistics from UMass Amherst.  Before joining GNS, I worked as a statistician at a heart diagnostics company, analyzing proprietary clinical data to support laboratory operations and R&D work.  A friend from grad school who is now my former GNS colleague referred me to an opening.  It was an easy decision coming here – I wanted to gain expertise in applying advanced statistical modeling and machine learning to analyze real-world data.  I get to do a lot of that in my current position.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: During the day, I mainly focus on project work, research activities, and meetings.  Some of the common tasks are programming and conducting statistical analyses, preparing client presentations, writing up analysis plans, reading research papers related to whatever project I am working on, discussing project-related issues with my manager and teammates, or responding to scientific inquiries from clients.  A day goes by fast!
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to help bring evidence from real-world data to support our clients, and continue to grow as a statistician and quantitative health researcher.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Certainly because of the people.  I have the privilege of working with many talented, driven colleagues who are passionate about solving challenging problems and making an impact.


			close            





Employee Spotlight
Dan Cunha
Research Scientist
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I work with the R&D team to firstly learn about causal machine learning in REFS, then to write automated scripts to assess and confirm its quality, and finally prototype additional solutions for future updates.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My education is in mathematics and philosophy of science. Some of my favorite studies were on the notion of causality and the unity of science. Then I worked as a quantitative researcher and product manager at a labor market statistics company for 4 years. When I heard GNS was working on personalized medicine via causal machine learning, I asked to join them.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: My day usually starts in the kitchen where there is an assortment fruit and nuts available for breakfast. I usually spend the morning creating statistical tests, or prototyping new solutions to problems we are working on. At lunch I meet with scrum teams, which gives us a chance to discuss our work and run ideas by each other. That’s usually followed by a lunch-delaying whiteboard session. Sometime in the afternoon, I make time to take a walk, play ping pong, or gather musicians together to play a few songs. Depending on the state of my projects, I finish the day catching up on relevant research or debugging code.
Q: What is your goal at GNS? 
A: My goal is to contribute automated scalable machine learning processes to solving real problems in healthcare
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the people. We have mutual goals toward fixing healthcare problems, and it creates an environment fostering learning and productivity.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Boris Hayete
Senior Director, Precision Medicine
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I run the Precision Medicine team at GNS.  In this role, I am responsible for overseeing the scientific work of the team on a variety of projects involving our Biotech, Pharma, and foundation clients in PM space.  In addition to my scientific responsibilities, I also have some project planning, business development, management, and other duties. To the extent possible, I try to do scientific work between other tasks.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I finished my PhD in Bioinformatics, working in gene network inference, at Boston University working with Jim Collins.  Bruce Church of GNS apparently became interested in my work through talking to Jim and recruited me from grad school.  Although I had several offers from pharma – multiple ones from Pfizer alone – GNS was an easy choice.  I had hope for doing good science and helping start something meaningful in the process.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: On a typical day, I have 4-6 hours of meetings, some with clients, some internal; some scientific and some managerial.  I try to find 1-2 hours for scientific tasks – coding or conversations about research unrelated to projects with other GNS team members.  At home, I typically spend another hour or so catching up on whatever emails I’ve missed during the day.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: I hope to help GNS make an impact in the area of targeted therapies, as well as in network inference methods.  No one has ever been the first to achieve something because it was easy.  We can’t be afraid of hard problems.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the team.  We have a world-class group of scientists who can often turn the impossible into possible.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Robert Miller
Principal Software Engineer
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am the technical lead for the REFS platform.  I have written most of the code in iPredict, and I have worked on most of the rest of the platform.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My PhD is in applied mathematics, and I have almost 10 years’ experience teaching numerical analysis at the graduate level. I learned about GNS from a colleague at my former employer who knew Colin from grad school.  This was a couple of days after my former company went under.  GNS was less than a year old at the time, and things moved at a fast pace.  I called Colin and had an interview either that day or the next and started working a few weeks later.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: The platform team uses JIRA to track issues, so I usually start by looking at JIRA to refresh my memory on what I was last working on and to see if there are any new bug reports. Bug fixes usually take priority over developing new features, especially since they usually come up in a project which has a looming deadline. The platform team meets daily for a short scrum to resolve any blocking issues.  When I start work on a new feature or if I’m working on a bug fix, I will spend time talking to the users of the platform to get requirements for the feature or to determine what went wrong.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to make the REFS platform the best tool it can be in the features it provides, and in its performance, reliability and usability.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: I enjoy working at GNS because I get to work with some very smart people on challenging problems, and the work we are doing can have a significant impact for good.


			close            






Mario Accardi, PhD
Venture Partner, Fort Rock Capital
Board Observer
Mario is a Venture Partner at Fort Rock Capital, where he focuses on venture capital investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors including therapeutics, devices and digital health.
Mario sits on the boards of vasopharm GmbH, GNS Healthcare and Orthonika, a spin-out from Imperial College London which he co-founded, developing a novel orthopaedic implant. Before joining Fort Rock, he was at Entrepreneurs Fund where he invested in and worked with a number of early stage biotech, medical device and technology companies. Previously, he was working as a strategy consultant in the life sciences industry with Deallus Group.
Mario holds a PhD in Biomedical engineering from Imperial College London where his research focused on the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis and regenerative medicine approaches. Mario also holds a First Class MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering also from Imperial. He has a broad scientific background ranging from biomedical engineering, biomaterials and regenerative medicine to computational mathematics and molecular biology and has published in several international peer reviewed scientific journals. Originally from Rome, Mario lives in London (UK).


			close            






Leslie Hoyt
Chief Operating Officer
Leslie Hoyt is a veteran healthcare operations leader with an enormous passion for improving the health of individuals and the overall quality of care.
Leslie brings more than 30 years of experience to the role, encompassing managed care, healthcare technology, strategy, business consulting and business development.
Prior to joining GNS, she served United Health Group as Senior Vice President at Optum Health. Before that, she was the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Partner at Dovetail Health, a start-up focused on medication non-adherence. Hoyt worked in healthcare business and technology consulting before Dovetail, serving Sapient Corporation as Vice President, US Healthcare Practice Lead, where her client roster included payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Sapient, Hoyt worked for a decade building and leading provider organizations focused on managing the cost and quality of care.
Hoyt holds a Master’s degree from Boston University.


			close            






Stacey Wasserman, MBA
Vice President, Pharma Sales
Stacey Wasserman has a proven track record as a senior sales executive with more than 20 years’ experience in the healthcare technology industry. Currently, Stacey serves as the Vice President of Business Development, Pharmaceutical Market for GNS Healthcare, a leading provider of analytic solutions to pharmaceutical and health plan customers. Prior to that, she was the Senior Sales Director at Activate Networks, which provides a social network analytics platform.  Before that, Stacey spent 12 years with Truven Health Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters) where she was a top performer, selling data and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies. Other former roles include Consultant for Skila and Account Director for IMS Health. Stacey started her career working in Public Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Outside of work, Stacey lives in Princeton Junction, NJ with her two children and is involved in many local organizations. Stacey holds a BA in Biopsychology from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Rutgers University School of Business.


			close            






Gabriel Eichler, PhD
Vice President, Product Strategy
Gabriel Eichler is responsible for overseeing the growth of GNS’ emerging product solutions portfolio. His focus is primarily on applications of REFS to personalized medicine.
Gabriel has spent most of the last decade working on big-data healthcare applications to opportunities in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry and healthcare delivery. Formerly he managed several global client programs at PatientsLikeMe focusing on patient-centered research and outcomes. Gabriel was also responsible for establishing that company’s oncology product strategy and portfolio. Prior to PatientsLikeMe, Gabriel worked at Relay Technology Management (acquired by Decision Resources Group), McKinsey and Harvard Medical School.
Gabriel completed his MSc. and PhD in Bioinformatics at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute’s Laboratory of Molecular Pharmacology, jointly. His BSE is in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. He has authored over 30 scholarly manuscripts and book chapters.  He is an investor and advisor to numerous early-stage startup companies in the bioinformatics and digital health space. Gabriel also enjoys public speaking and has given over 100 lectures both nationally and internationally on personalized medicine, genomics, patient centricity, open innovation and medical informatics.


			close            






Randall Krakauer, MD, MBA
Chief, Medical Strategy
Dr. Krakauer has more than 30 years of experience in medicine and medical management, and has held senior medical management positions in several major organizations. He formerly was responsible for medical management planning and implementation nationally for Aetna Medicare members, including program development and administration.
Dr. Krakauer graduated from Albany Medical College in 1972 and is board-certified in internal medicine and rheumatology. He received training in internal medicine at the University of Minnesota Hospitals, in Rheumatology at the National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and received an MBA from Rutgers. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Rheumatology, and professor of medicine at Seton Hall University Graduate School of Medicine. He is past chairman of the American College of Managed Care Medicine.


			close            






Mark Pottle, MBA
Chief Financial Officer
Mark Pottle is responsible for the finance, accounting, legal, and human resource functions of GNS Healthcare.
Before joining GNS Healthcare, Mark was CFO of N-of-One Therapeutics, which provides analysis and interpretation of a tumor’s genome so that providers can personalize cancer treatments for patients. Prior to N-of-One, Mark worked at Picis Inc., which provides EMRs for emergency departments, ICUs, and ORs. After Picis was sold to United Healthcare/Optum in 2010, Mark became the CFO of Optum’s Accountable Care Organization division. Mark has also previously worked at several start-up to mid-level companies and has helped raise over $50 million of venture-backed funding, as well as over $150 million in private equity funding.
Mark is also a veteran of the U.S. Army. He graduated from University of New Hampshire with a degree in economics and holds an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.


			close            






Bruce Church, PhD
Chief Mathematics Officer
Bruce Church is responsible for developing algorithms for REFS and leading projects for the development of new products and technologies. Bruce is a member of the founding team of GNS Healthcare.
An expert in statistical physics, machine learning, parallel computing, and causal modeling, Bruce helped develop the original REFS platform. Previously, he spent ten years at Cornell University, developing global optimization methods for computational protein folding, the results of which have been published in several peer-reviewed journals.
Bruce has served as the principal investigator on several major grants, including a $2.5 million award from the Department of Energy. He has served on the Board of Directors for U.S. Rugby and coached the under-23 women’s Northeast rugby team. Bruce received a BS in applied and engineering physics and a PhD in applied physics from Cornell University.


			close            






Iya Khalil, PhD
Chief Commercial Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Khalil is a technology entrepreneur and physicist with a vision of transforming medicine into a discipline that is quantitative, predictive, and patient‐centric via big data analytic approaches. She co‐founded two big data companies, Via Science and GNS Healthcare, and is the co-inventor of the proprietary computational engine that underpins both entities. She trained in theoretical physics at Cornell University, and has more than 11 years of experience in “big data” analytics for healthcare, medicine, and the life sciences.
She has led several key foundational collaborations with providers, pharmaceutical companies, foundations, and government agencies. Dr. Khalil’s expertise spans applications in drug discovery, drug development all the way to treatment algorithms that can be applied at the point of care. She is a frequent speaker at industry events and conferences, has appeared in several industry journals, published several articles in the field, and was recognized by President Obama at a White House dinner as a leading entrepreneur in genomic medicine. More recently, she was named to the PharmaVOICE 100 list of the most inspiring people in the life sciences industry. She was recognized for her ability to build bridges across the life science and healthcare industries, bringing people together to harness the power of predictive modeling to change the lives of patients.


			close            






Kazuhiko Sogabe
General Manager, IT & Communication Business dept. Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.) Inc.
Board Observer
Sogabe has 15 years of experience in the software license and IT service business and has forged partnerships with a variety of companies in the US, China and Japan. Currently, he is responsible for Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.), Inc.’s business development in the IoT and Healthcare IT area.
Sogabe earned an MBA from Waseda Business School and BA in economics from Kwansei Gakuin University.


			close            






Scott Musch
Vice President, Corporate Development, Cambia Health
Board Observer
Scott serves as Vice President of Corporate Development at Cambia Health Solutions.
He helps to lead all health plan related M&A, divestitures, and strategic partnerships for Cambia Health Solutions. Prior to joining Cambia in April 2011, Scott worked in investment banking for over twelve years, covering a wide variety of companies, both inside and outside the healthcare industry. He was formerly a Senior Vice President for healthcare services-focused investment bank Shattuck Hammond Partners and prior to that, he worked as a Vice President in the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Department at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
Scott earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a BS in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA in Economics from the College of Arts and Sciences. He is currently studying for his Doctorate of Health Administration at Central Michigan University.


			close            






Winston Kung
Vice President, Business Development and Global Alliances
Celgene
Board Observer
Winston Kung is the Vice President of Business Development and Global Alliances for Celgene Corp.
Prior to joining Celgene, he worked at Citigroup in its Global Healthcare Corporate and Investment Banking Division where he focused on biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Citigroup, he worked at Barclays (formerly Lehman Brothers) in its Global Mergers and Acquisitions group focused on healthcare companies. Winston also worked on the business and corporate development teams at Genentech and Amgen.
Winston earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Brown University.


			close            






Irina Haivas, MD
Principal, Life Sciences/ Healthcare, GHO Capital
Board Observer
Irina is a healthcare specialist with a background in medicine and management consulting. She serves as Principal at GHO Capital Partners investing across healthcare sectors (pharma, biotech, med tech, health tech, consumer health, pharma B2B services). Irina has a special interest in precision medicine and digital health.
Prior to GHO, Irina spent 7 years with Bain & Company as a leader in the European healthcare practice, and has a wealth of experience across Europe, US and emerging markets. At Bain Irina was an advisor on healthcare due diligence and post-acquisition projects, and has worked directly with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare services companies on strategic initiatives including growth, business models, R&D and innovation, M&A, organizational development and operational improvement.
Irina has a first-in-class degree in Medicine, and studied at Iasi Medical University in Romania, Freiburg University in Germany as a Rotary Scholar, and Harvard Medical School. She also holds a MSc with distinction in International Health Policy from London School of Economics. A native Romanian speaker, Irina is fluent in English and German and is conversational in French and Italian.


			close            






Jason Cooper
Chief Analytics Officer, Strategy & Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jason serves as Chief Analytics Officer at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He is responsible for enterprise-wide data analytics and informatics, including both commercial and government lines of business.
Jason has more than 20 years of experience in analytics and informatics covering for-profit, nonprofit and government domains, including leading teams at Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Cigna and CVS Health, as well as experience with NASA spaceflight software analyses.
Jason is a well-published author, experienced public speaker and prior funded researcher. As well as a member of the International Institute for Analytics, the American Medical Informatics Association, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, Sentrian’s Advisory Board, Cognizant’s Chief Data Officer Advisory Council and board member of NJs American Diabetes Association.
Jason received his Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering with specialization in Healthcare Informatics from Duke University. He earned his BS and MS degrees in Computer Science from West Virginia University.


			close            






Adrian Weller, PhD
Senior Research Fellow, University of Cambridge
Faculty Fellow, Alan Turing Institute
Board Member
Adrian is a Senior Research Fellow in the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge, in the Computational and Biological Learning Lab, and also serves as a Faculty Fellow at The Alan Turing Institute, the United Kingdom’s national institute for data science. Most of his academic research relates to graphical models, but he is also very interested in other areas including finance, anything on intelligence (natural or artificial), deep learning, reinforcement learning, evolution, Bayesian methods, time series analysis, ethics, music and methods for big data.
Prior to his current roles, Adrian served as a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Group where he ran US and European interest rate trading. Earlier, Adrian was in the fixed income proprietary trading group at Salomon Brothers, and previously ran the fixed income options desk at Goldman Sachs.
Adrian completed his PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and holds a BA and MA in Mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an active angel investor, board member and advisor to many companies and charities apart from GNS including Simplex, Cambridge in America, and the Coexist Foundation.


			close            






Jared Short
Chief Operation Officer, Cambia Health Solutions
Board Member
Jared leads the accelerated pace of innovation and performance across the Cambia organization to ensure consumer focused solutions. As COO, Jared leverages his commitment and insight into consumer needs to execute against the company’s Cause of transforming health care to be person focused and economically sustainable.
Jared also fills the role of president of Cambia’s Health Insurance Services division, which serves 2.4 million members covered by seven health plans in Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington. He successfully drives award-winning service, facilitates collaborative partnerships between providers and patients, and helps create innovative new solutions meeting the needs of a rapidly changing marketplace.
Jared’s career with Cambia began in 1999, when he joined the company in a Finance role with cross-functional responsibilities across the organization. He moved briefly to BlueCross BlueShield of Montana, where he served as chief marketing and underwriting officer. Jared returned to Cambia in 2009 as president of Cambia’s regional health plan in Oregon, responsible for sales, provider contracting, and government and community relations.
Jared serves on the Board of Directors for TriWest Healthcare Alliance and GNS Healthcare. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Portland Metropolitan Area Boys and Girls Clubs.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics and history from Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.


			close            






Rob Coppedge
Chief Executive Officer, Echo Health Ventures
Board Member
As CEO of Echo Health Ventures, Rob leads the company’s efforts to identify, invest in and grow innovative companies that enable and deliver a transformed experience to health care consumers nationwide. As part of Echo’s unique partnership with its parents, Rob works closely with the senior management teams and board of Cambia Health Solutions and Mosaic Health Solutions to support collaboration with Echo’s portfolio companies, accelerate Cambia and Mosaic’s strategies and more quickly bring health care innovation to national scale.
Rob has more than 20 years of experience in health care venture capital and business building. Before founding Echo, Rob served as the President of Cambia Health Solutions’ diversified business unit (Direct Health Solutions). In this role, Rob oversaw Cambia’s wholly-owned operating companies (including cost and quality transparency market leader HealthSparq; ancillary benefits provider LifeMap) as well as its venture and private equity investing activities. Rob joined Cambia in 2010 to launch and build the company’s diversification and corporate venture investment efforts. Under Rob’s leadership, Cambia invested in nearly 20 companies. 
In 2015, Rob cofounded the Cambia Grove – an innovation hub focused on catalyzing and supporting the Pacific Northwest’s emerging health care economic cluster. At the Cambia Grove, innovators and entrepreneurs work closely with regional stakeholders to find solutions to pressing health care challenges.
Before joining Cambia, Rob was the founding partner of Faultline Ventures, where he worked with numerous early stage companies and strategic investors. Previously, he was a Partner at Capitol Health Partners, a Washington, D.C., and New York City-based venture capital firm specializing in early-stage health services and health care information technology.
Active in industry and community organizations, Rob serves on the boards of several health care companies and is a founder and former director of the Nashville-based largest network of young health care executives, Leadership Health Care. Rob also serves on the board of directors at Life Science Washington (formerly Washington Biotechnology & Biomedical Association) and the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and is a member of the American Leadership Forum.
Rob is a graduate of Georgetown University with a degree in history and is a Chartered Financial Analyst, charter holder.


			close            






Jan Berger, MD, MJ
President & Chief Executive Officer,
Health Intelligence Partners

Vice Chair of GNS Board of Directors
Jan founded Health Intelligence Partners six years ago as a health care consultancy that blends more than thirty years of business and clinical experience. Health Intelligence Partners has a global focus, working with clients on both short -term and long-term healthcare business strategies and solutions. Jan and Health Intelligence Partners help clients navigate the healthcare environment in order to identify and articulate value opportunities. A great deal of Jan’s focus is on consumer engagement and how it affects the decisions that the consumer makes and the actions that they take.
Prior to founding Health Intelligence Partners, Jan served as Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer for CVS Caremark. During that time, she had Executive Management, P & L, Operations, Innovation and Strategy responsibilities. Before going to CVS Caremark, Jan had 15 years’ experience in healthcare administration within the health plan and academic arenas and lead operations for two population health companies.
As a veteran healthcare executive, Jan’s leadership has delivered results in a variety of settings. Jan offers her experiences and insights through her consulting agency as well as through her participation on healthcare and consumer product boards. She presently sits on healthcare focused boards including AccentCare (Chair; Compliance Committee, Compensation Committee), GNS Healthcare, The University of Arizona School of Pharmacy, Harvard Patient Safety Board, Midwest Business Group on Health and Population Health Alliance (Chair: Government Affairs Committee). Jan’s consumer focused boards include Meals to Heal and Whiskerdocs. Jan previously sat on two boards; Care Core National (Committees: Chari: Finance Past Chairperson, Compensation, Search, M&A and Strategic Directions) and Rx-Ante, which were recently sold. She also sits on numerous business and healthcare committees.
As the author of the books “Leveraging Health” and “Thirteen Common Pitfalls in Consumer Engagement” and “Medical Liability for Pediatricians”, the Editor in Chief of American Journal of Pharmacy Benefit and on the editorial boards of a number of healthcare journals, Jan is considered a national health care thought leader. Jan speaks and writes on a broad range of health care issues.
Jan holds both a Doctor of Medicine degree and a Master’s degree in Jurisprudence from Loyola University in Chicago and a Certificate in Healthcare Business Administration from University of South Florida. She also holds a black belt in Six Sigma. Jan is an assistant professor at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois.


			close            






Colin Hill, MS
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder
Colin Hill co-founded GNS Healthcare in 2000 and has served as Chairman & CEO since then. He brings impressive leadership experience and a solid track record in commercializing machine learning technology and precision medicine platforms in the biopharmaceutical and managed care industries. In 2016, he was appointed to the board of directors of a leading publicly traded mobile health company that pioneered remote cardiac monitoring – Biotelemetry Inc. (formerly CardioNet) (NASDAQ: BEAT). He was appointed in 2015 by Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker to the board of directors of the Center for Health Information and Analysis. He is also a founding board member of Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute, a non-profit foundation (501c3) dedicated to the advancement of personalized medicine.
He was a founding member of the Board of Directors of AesRx, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of new treatments for sickle cell disease (acquired by Baxter in 2014). Colin was the founding chairman of O’Reilly Media’s Strata Rx in 2012, the first healthcare big data conference in the industry. Colin was the founding chairman of big data quantitative trading firm Fina Technologies and served from 2008 to 2011. In 2004, Colin was named to MIT Technology Review’s TR100 list of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
He is a frequent speaker at national and international scientific and industry conferences including America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) annual meeting, the Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) annual meeting, and the Forbes Healthcare Summit, and has been quoted in and appeared in numerous publications and television programs, including The Wall Street Journal, CNBC Morning Call & SquawkBox, Nature, Boston Globe, Politico, Forbes, Wired, and The Economist.
He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in physics and earned Master’s degrees in physics from both McGill University and Cornell University.


			close            















































Request a Demo























 















 
 
 









































GNS Healthcare Demo










DEMO the GNS HEALTHCARE MAX Solution Architecture™
Are your investments in population health adding value? Or are they adding cost?
GNS Healthcare’s big data-driven population health management tools use a value-based approach to optimize investments and maximize results.

Know the value of interventions – in advance
Match individuals to the most-efficient effective intervention
Eliminate wasteful spending on zero-impact interventions

Let us show you how our value-based approach to population health management tools work.
Email us at MAXROI@GNSHealthcare.com for more information.
 
 






























 















Solutions










Health Plans
Providers
Pharma
Foundations
Clinical Research
















Technology










MAX™ Architecture
MeasureBase™
REFS™ Analytics Engine
















News










Press Releases
Newsroom
Events


















Resources










Videos
Publications and Presentations
White Papers
Customers
















About










Overview
Our Team
BOD
SAB
Careers
















Contact Us

















617-374-2300














©GNS Healthcare, 2017







































foundations – GNS HealthCare



 





































 

















        








































QUICK LINKS 
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Who We Serve
Solutions
Media Center
Contact
 


News 




Sema4 and GNS Healthcare Announce Collaboration Using REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 27, 2017			





GNS Healthcare Announces Collaboration to Power Cancer Drug Development with REFS™ Causal Machine Learning and Simulation AI Platform


				June 19, 2017			





Gregg’s Diabetes Identifies GNS as One of a Handful of Companies Focused on Market Access


				February 2, 2017			








Events 




GNS Co-Founder Iya Khalil Talks Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare at BIO 2017


				June 16, 2017			

 






GNS CEO Colin Hill Featured Panelist on Healthcare AI Roundtable at 2017 VIVA Tech Conference


				June 12, 2017			

 






Iya Khalil Discusses Impact of Machine Learning on Value-Based Pricing Strategies at Healthcare Connect 2017


				June 8, 2017			

 









CONTACT 
  











© GNS Healthcare 196 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-374-2300  | info@gnshealthcare.com 



      








Home
About Us

Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Strategic Advisory Board
Careers + Culture


Our Approach

REFS™
MeasureBase™
Expertise

Publications




Who We Serve

Health Plans
Health Systems
Biopharmaceuticals
Foundations


Solutions

Advanced Illness
Metabolic Syndrome
Custom Modeling
REFS License


Media Center

Press Releases
In The News
Events


Contact




 






Jeff Vernice, PhD, MBA
Director, Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jeff serves as a director at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He leads teams responsible for business partnerships that provide analytics and data science solutions.
Jeff has over 25 years of industry experience which includes telecommunications, pharmaceutical/life sciences, pharmacy benefit management and health insurance. Besides analytics he has expertise with product management/development, process improvement, business operations, business development, health economics and privacy.
His career spans working for consulting companies like IBM, EDS and as an independent management consultant. The majority of his career has been working in the healthcare sector for companies such as Schering Plough, Corning Life Sciences and Merck/Medco Health solutions.
Jeff earned his BS and MS Management degrees and MS in Computer Science from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Additionally, he holds a PhD in Biomedical Informatics from Rutgers University and a Master’s in Business Administration from Cornell University. He is also a Six Sigma Black Belt.


			close            






Ben Bielak
Chief Information Officer
Ben brings 25 years of executive and senior information technology experience to GNS. In his role at GNS as Chief Information Officer, Ben is responsible for scaling and supporting the delivery of GNS technology, including the GNS REFS™ (Reverse Engineering and Forward Simulation) causal machine learning and simulation platform and other end user tools.
He most recently served as the Director of Academic Technology at Harvard University. Prior to his work at Harvard, Bielak was the Chief Information Officer at Dovetail Health, a high-growth product and services company focused on reducing costs through pharmacy-focused interventions. He previously held roles as Manager of Development and Integration at Boston Medical Center and Senior Manager of Technology at Sapient.
Bielak holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Bentley University, where his studies focused on change management, and a master’s degree from Boston University in computer science. He maintains two certifications, the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) Certified Healthcare Chief Information Officer (CHCIO) and the Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS).


			close            






Julie Slezak, MSPH
Executive Vice President, Clinical Analytics
Julie Slezak has been working in healthcare analytics for over 25 years. In her role at GNS as Executive Vice President of Clinical Analytics she advises clients on how to set up analytics and data strategy as well as partnering on methodologies and peer review publications. Prior to her current role, Julie led eviCore’s analytics organization where she was the EVP and Chief Analytics Officer. In this role she was responsible for providing overall analytical leadership including data strategy, research, methodology development, and analytical product development. She specializes in clinical outcomes research, interventional data analysis and big data use.
Throughout her career, Julie held analytical leadership roles in both small and large organizations. Her background and training come from 10 years at the University of Illinois’ School of Public Health, Epidemiology and Biostatistics division, where she studied and worked. Her private sector resume includes consulting at Hewitt Associates, LLC (now AonHewitt) and a long run with CVS/Caremark, where she led enterprise analytics.
Julie holds a Master’s of Science in Public Health Sciences, Epidemiology from the University of Illinois, Chicago.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Ngoc Thai
Senior Biostatistician
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am a research analyst in the Health Economics and Outcomes Research group at GNS.  In this role, I am fortunate to participate in the full research process from proposal writing to study protocol development, through data processing and statistical modeling, to communication of results.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I hold a MS in Statistics from UMass Amherst.  Before joining GNS, I worked as a statistician at a heart diagnostics company, analyzing proprietary clinical data to support laboratory operations and R&D work.  A friend from grad school who is now my former GNS colleague referred me to an opening.  It was an easy decision coming here – I wanted to gain expertise in applying advanced statistical modeling and machine learning to analyze real-world data.  I get to do a lot of that in my current position.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: During the day, I mainly focus on project work, research activities, and meetings.  Some of the common tasks are programming and conducting statistical analyses, preparing client presentations, writing up analysis plans, reading research papers related to whatever project I am working on, discussing project-related issues with my manager and teammates, or responding to scientific inquiries from clients.  A day goes by fast!
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to help bring evidence from real-world data to support our clients, and continue to grow as a statistician and quantitative health researcher.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Certainly because of the people.  I have the privilege of working with many talented, driven colleagues who are passionate about solving challenging problems and making an impact.


			close            






Employee Spotlight
Dan Cunha
Research Scientist
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I work with the R&D team to firstly learn about causal machine learning in REFS, then to write automated scripts to assess and confirm its quality, and finally prototype additional solutions for future updates.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My education is in mathematics and philosophy of science. Some of my favorite studies were on the notion of causality and the unity of science. Then I worked as a quantitative researcher and product manager at a labor market statistics company for 4 years. When I heard GNS was working on personalized medicine via causal machine learning, I asked to join them.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: My day usually starts in the kitchen where there is an assortment fruit and nuts available for breakfast. I usually spend the morning creating statistical tests, or prototyping new solutions to problems we are working on. At lunch I meet with scrum teams, which gives us a chance to discuss our work and run ideas by each other. That’s usually followed by a lunch-delaying whiteboard session. Sometime in the afternoon, I make time to take a walk, play ping pong, or gather musicians together to play a few songs. Depending on the state of my projects, I finish the day catching up on relevant research or debugging code.
Q: What is your goal at GNS? 
A: My goal is to contribute automated scalable machine learning processes to solving real problems in healthcare
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the people. We have mutual goals toward fixing healthcare problems, and it creates an environment fostering learning and productivity.


			close            







Employee Spotlight
Boris Hayete
Senior Director, Precision Medicine
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I run the Precision Medicine team at GNS.  In this role, I am responsible for overseeing the scientific work of the team on a variety of projects involving our Biotech, Pharma, and foundation clients in PM space.  In addition to my scientific responsibilities, I also have some project planning, business development, management, and other duties. To the extent possible, I try to do scientific work between other tasks.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: I finished my PhD in Bioinformatics, working in gene network inference, at Boston University working with Jim Collins.  Bruce Church of GNS apparently became interested in my work through talking to Jim and recruited me from grad school.  Although I had several offers from pharma – multiple ones from Pfizer alone – GNS was an easy choice.  I had hope for doing good science and helping start something meaningful in the process.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: On a typical day, I have 4-6 hours of meetings, some with clients, some internal; some scientific and some managerial.  I try to find 1-2 hours for scientific tasks – coding or conversations about research unrelated to projects with other GNS team members.  At home, I typically spend another hour or so catching up on whatever emails I’ve missed during the day.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: I hope to help GNS make an impact in the area of targeted therapies, as well as in network inference methods.  No one has ever been the first to achieve something because it was easy.  We can’t be afraid of hard problems.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: Working at GNS Healthcare is great because of the team.  We have a world-class group of scientists who can often turn the impossible into possible.


			close            







Employee Spotlight
Robert Miller
Principal Software Engineer
 
 
Q:  What is your role at GNS?
A: I am the technical lead for the REFS platform.  I have written most of the code in iPredict, and I have worked on most of the rest of the platform.
Q: What is your background and how did you end up at GNS?
A: My PhD is in applied mathematics, and I have almost 10 years’ experience teaching numerical analysis at the graduate level. I learned about GNS from a colleague at my former employer who knew Colin from grad school.  This was a couple of days after my former company went under.  GNS was less than a year old at the time, and things moved at a fast pace.  I called Colin and had an interview either that day or the next and started working a few weeks later.
Q: What does your typical day look like? 
A: The platform team uses JIRA to track issues, so I usually start by looking at JIRA to refresh my memory on what I was last working on and to see if there are any new bug reports. Bug fixes usually take priority over developing new features, especially since they usually come up in a project which has a looming deadline. The platform team meets daily for a short scrum to resolve any blocking issues.  When I start work on a new feature or if I’m working on a bug fix, I will spend time talking to the users of the platform to get requirements for the feature or to determine what went wrong.
Q: What is your goal at GNS Healthcare? 
A: My goal is to make the REFS platform the best tool it can be in the features it provides, and in its performance, reliability and usability.
Q: Why do you like working at GNS?
A: I enjoy working at GNS because I get to work with some very smart people on challenging problems, and the work we are doing can have a significant impact for good.


			close            







Mario Accardi, PhD
Venture Partner, Fort Rock Capital
Board Observer
Mario is a Venture Partner at Fort Rock Capital, where he focuses on venture capital investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors including therapeutics, devices and digital health.
Mario sits on the boards of vasopharm GmbH, GNS Healthcare and Orthonika, a spin-out from Imperial College London which he co-founded, developing a novel orthopaedic implant. Before joining Fort Rock, he was at Entrepreneurs Fund where he invested in and worked with a number of early stage biotech, medical device and technology companies. Previously, he was working as a strategy consultant in the life sciences industry with Deallus Group.
Mario holds a PhD in Biomedical engineering from Imperial College London where his research focused on the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis and regenerative medicine approaches. Mario also holds a First Class MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering also from Imperial. He has a broad scientific background ranging from biomedical engineering, biomaterials and regenerative medicine to computational mathematics and molecular biology and has published in several international peer reviewed scientific journals. Originally from Rome, Mario lives in London (UK).


			close            







Leslie Hoyt
Chief Operating Officer
Leslie Hoyt is a veteran healthcare operations leader with an enormous passion for improving the health of individuals and the overall quality of care.
Leslie brings more than 30 years of experience to the role, encompassing managed care, healthcare technology, strategy, business consulting and business development.
Prior to joining GNS, she served United Health Group as Senior Vice President at Optum Health. Before that, she was the Chief Strategy Officer and Managing Partner at Dovetail Health, a start-up focused on medication non-adherence. Hoyt worked in healthcare business and technology consulting before Dovetail, serving Sapient Corporation as Vice President, US Healthcare Practice Lead, where her client roster included payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Sapient, Hoyt worked for a decade building and leading provider organizations focused on managing the cost and quality of care.
Hoyt holds a Master’s degree from Boston University.


			close            







Stacey Wasserman, MBA
Vice President, Pharma Sales
Stacey Wasserman has a proven track record as a senior sales executive with more than 20 years’ experience in the healthcare technology industry. Currently, Stacey serves as the Vice President of Business Development, Pharmaceutical Market for GNS Healthcare, a leading provider of analytic solutions to pharmaceutical and health plan customers. Prior to that, she was the Senior Sales Director at Activate Networks, which provides a social network analytics platform.  Before that, Stacey spent 12 years with Truven Health Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters) where she was a top performer, selling data and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies. Other former roles include Consultant for Skila and Account Director for IMS Health. Stacey started her career working in Public Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Outside of work, Stacey lives in Princeton Junction, NJ with her two children and is involved in many local organizations. Stacey holds a BA in Biopsychology from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Rutgers University School of Business.


			close            







Gabriel Eichler, PhD
Vice President, Product Strategy
Gabriel Eichler is responsible for overseeing the growth of GNS’ emerging product solutions portfolio. His focus is primarily on applications of REFS to personalized medicine.
Gabriel has spent most of the last decade working on big-data healthcare applications to opportunities in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry and healthcare delivery. Formerly he managed several global client programs at PatientsLikeMe focusing on patient-centered research and outcomes. Gabriel was also responsible for establishing that company’s oncology product strategy and portfolio. Prior to PatientsLikeMe, Gabriel worked at Relay Technology Management (acquired by Decision Resources Group), McKinsey and Harvard Medical School.
Gabriel completed his MSc. and PhD in Bioinformatics at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute’s Laboratory of Molecular Pharmacology, jointly. His BSE is in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. He has authored over 30 scholarly manuscripts and book chapters.  He is an investor and advisor to numerous early-stage startup companies in the bioinformatics and digital health space. Gabriel also enjoys public speaking and has given over 100 lectures both nationally and internationally on personalized medicine, genomics, patient centricity, open innovation and medical informatics.


			close            







Randall Krakauer, MD, MBA
Chief, Medical Strategy
Dr. Krakauer has more than 30 years of experience in medicine and medical management, and has held senior medical management positions in several major organizations. He formerly was responsible for medical management planning and implementation nationally for Aetna Medicare members, including program development and administration.
Dr. Krakauer graduated from Albany Medical College in 1972 and is board-certified in internal medicine and rheumatology. He received training in internal medicine at the University of Minnesota Hospitals, in Rheumatology at the National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and received an MBA from Rutgers. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and the American College of Rheumatology, and professor of medicine at Seton Hall University Graduate School of Medicine. He is past chairman of the American College of Managed Care Medicine.


			close            







Mark Pottle, MBA
Chief Financial Officer
Mark Pottle is responsible for the finance, accounting, legal, and human resource functions of GNS Healthcare.
Before joining GNS Healthcare, Mark was CFO of N-of-One Therapeutics, which provides analysis and interpretation of a tumor’s genome so that providers can personalize cancer treatments for patients. Prior to N-of-One, Mark worked at Picis Inc., which provides EMRs for emergency departments, ICUs, and ORs. After Picis was sold to United Healthcare/Optum in 2010, Mark became the CFO of Optum’s Accountable Care Organization division. Mark has also previously worked at several start-up to mid-level companies and has helped raise over $50 million of venture-backed funding, as well as over $150 million in private equity funding.
Mark is also a veteran of the U.S. Army. He graduated from University of New Hampshire with a degree in economics and holds an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.


			close            







Bruce Church, PhD
Chief Mathematics Officer
Bruce Church is responsible for developing algorithms for REFS and leading projects for the development of new products and technologies. Bruce is a member of the founding team of GNS Healthcare.
An expert in statistical physics, machine learning, parallel computing, and causal modeling, Bruce helped develop the original REFS platform. Previously, he spent ten years at Cornell University, developing global optimization methods for computational protein folding, the results of which have been published in several peer-reviewed journals.
Bruce has served as the principal investigator on several major grants, including a $2.5 million award from the Department of Energy. He has served on the Board of Directors for U.S. Rugby and coached the under-23 women’s Northeast rugby team. Bruce received a BS in applied and engineering physics and a PhD in applied physics from Cornell University.


			close            







Iya Khalil, PhD
Chief Commercial Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Khalil is a technology entrepreneur and physicist with a vision of transforming medicine into a discipline that is quantitative, predictive, and patient‐centric via big data analytic approaches. She co‐founded two big data companies, Via Science and GNS Healthcare, and is the co-inventor of the proprietary computational engine that underpins both entities. She trained in theoretical physics at Cornell University, and has more than 11 years of experience in “big data” analytics for healthcare, medicine, and the life sciences.
She has led several key foundational collaborations with providers, pharmaceutical companies, foundations, and government agencies. Dr. Khalil’s expertise spans applications in drug discovery, drug development all the way to treatment algorithms that can be applied at the point of care. She is a frequent speaker at industry events and conferences, has appeared in several industry journals, published several articles in the field, and was recognized by President Obama at a White House dinner as a leading entrepreneur in genomic medicine. More recently, she was named to the PharmaVOICE 100 list of the most inspiring people in the life sciences industry. She was recognized for her ability to build bridges across the life science and healthcare industries, bringing people together to harness the power of predictive modeling to change the lives of patients.


			close            







Kazuhiko Sogabe
General Manager, IT & Communication Business dept. Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.) Inc.
Board Observer
Sogabe has 15 years of experience in the software license and IT service business and has forged partnerships with a variety of companies in the US, China and Japan. Currently, he is responsible for Mitsui & Co., (U.S.A.), Inc.’s business development in the IoT and Healthcare IT area.
Sogabe earned an MBA from Waseda Business School and BA in economics from Kwansei Gakuin University.


			close            







Scott Musch
Vice President, Corporate Development, Cambia Health
Board Observer
Scott serves as Vice President of Corporate Development at Cambia Health Solutions.
He helps to lead all health plan related M&A, divestitures, and strategic partnerships for Cambia Health Solutions. Prior to joining Cambia in April 2011, Scott worked in investment banking for over twelve years, covering a wide variety of companies, both inside and outside the healthcare industry. He was formerly a Senior Vice President for healthcare services-focused investment bank Shattuck Hammond Partners and prior to that, he worked as a Vice President in the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Department at J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
Scott earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a BS in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA in Economics from the College of Arts and Sciences. He is currently studying for his Doctorate of Health Administration at Central Michigan University.


			close            







Winston Kung
Vice President, Business Development and Global Alliances
Celgene
Board Observer
Winston Kung is the Vice President of Business Development and Global Alliances for Celgene Corp.
Prior to joining Celgene, he worked at Citigroup in its Global Healthcare Corporate and Investment Banking Division where he focused on biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to Citigroup, he worked at Barclays (formerly Lehman Brothers) in its Global Mergers and Acquisitions group focused on healthcare companies. Winston also worked on the business and corporate development teams at Genentech and Amgen.
Winston earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Brown University.


			close            







Irina Haivas, MD
Principal, Life Sciences/ Healthcare, GHO Capital
Board Observer
Irina is a healthcare specialist with a background in medicine and management consulting. She serves as Principal at GHO Capital Partners investing across healthcare sectors (pharma, biotech, med tech, health tech, consumer health, pharma B2B services). Irina has a special interest in precision medicine and digital health.
Prior to GHO, Irina spent 7 years with Bain & Company as a leader in the European healthcare practice, and has a wealth of experience across Europe, US and emerging markets. At Bain Irina was an advisor on healthcare due diligence and post-acquisition projects, and has worked directly with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare services companies on strategic initiatives including growth, business models, R&D and innovation, M&A, organizational development and operational improvement.
Irina has a first-in-class degree in Medicine, and studied at Iasi Medical University in Romania, Freiburg University in Germany as a Rotary Scholar, and Harvard Medical School. She also holds a MSc with distinction in International Health Policy from London School of Economics. A native Romanian speaker, Irina is fluent in English and German and is conversational in French and Italian.


			close            







Jason Cooper
Chief Analytics Officer, Strategy & Analytics, Horizon BCBS NJ
Board Observer
Jason serves as Chief Analytics Officer at Horizon BlueCross BlueShield, New Jersey. He is responsible for enterprise-wide data analytics and informatics, including both commercial and government lines of business.
Jason has more than 20 years of experience in analytics and informatics covering for-profit, nonprofit and government domains, including leading teams at Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Cigna and CVS Health, as well as experience with NASA spaceflight software analyses.
Jason is a well-published author, experienced public speaker and prior funded researcher. As well as a member of the International Institute for Analytics, the American Medical Informatics Association, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, Sentrian’s Advisory Board, Cognizant’s Chief Data Officer Advisory Council and board member of NJs American Diabetes Association.
Jason received his Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering with specialization in Healthcare Informatics from Duke University. He earned his BS and MS degrees in Computer Science from West Virginia University.


			close            







Adrian Weller, PhD
Senior Research Fellow, University of Cambridge
Faculty Fellow, Alan Turing Institute
Board Member
Adrian is a Senior Research Fellow in the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge, in the Computational and Biological Learning Lab, and also serves as a Faculty Fellow at The Alan Turing Institute, the United Kingdom’s national institute for data science. Most of his academic research relates to graphical models, but he is also very interested in other areas including finance, anything on intelligence (natural or artificial), deep learning, reinforcement learning, evolution, Bayesian methods, time series analysis, ethics, music and methods for big data.
Prior to his current roles, Adrian served as a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Group where he ran US and European interest rate trading. Earlier, Adrian was in the fixed income proprietary trading group at Salomon Brothers, and previously ran the fixed income options desk at Goldman Sachs.
Adrian completed his PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University, and holds a BA and MA in Mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an active angel investor, board member and advisor to many companies and charities apart from GNS including Simplex, Cambridge in America, and the Coexist Foundation.


			close            







Jared Short
Chief Operation Officer, Cambia Health Solutions
Board Member
Jared leads the accelerated pace of innovation and performance across the Cambia organization to ensure consumer focused solutions. As COO, Jared leverages his commitment and insight into consumer needs to execute against the company’s Cause of transforming health care to be person focused and economically sustainable.
Jared also fills the role of president of Cambia’s Health Insurance Services division, which serves 2.4 million members covered by seven health plans in Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington. He successfully drives award-winning service, facilitates collaborative partnerships between providers and patients, and helps create innovative new solutions meeting the needs of a rapidly changing marketplace.
Jared’s career with Cambia began in 1999, when he joined the company in a Finance role with cross-functional responsibilities across the organization. He moved briefly to BlueCross BlueShield of Montana, where he served as chief marketing and underwriting officer. Jared returned to Cambia in 2009 as president of Cambia’s regional health plan in Oregon, responsible for sales, provider contracting, and government and community relations.
Jared serves on the Board of Directors for TriWest Healthcare Alliance and GNS Healthcare. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Portland Metropolitan Area Boys and Girls Clubs.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics and history from Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.


			close            







Rob Coppedge
Chief Executive Officer, Echo Health Ventures
Board Member
As CEO of Echo Health Ventures, Rob leads the company’s efforts to identify, invest in and grow innovative companies that enable and deliver a transformed experience to health care consumers nationwide. As part of Echo’s unique partnership with its parents, Rob works closely with the senior management teams and board of Cambia Health Solutions and Mosaic Health Solutions to support collaboration with Echo’s portfolio companies, accelerate Cambia and Mosaic’s strategies and more quickly bring health care innovation to national scale.
Rob has more than 20 years of experience in health care venture capital and business building. Before founding Echo, Rob served as the President of Cambia Health Solutions’ diversified business unit (Direct Health Solutions). In this role, Rob oversaw Cambia’s wholly-owned operating companies (including cost and quality transparency market leader HealthSparq; ancillary benefits provider LifeMap) as well as its venture and private equity investing activities. Rob joined Cambia in 2010 to launch and build the company’s diversification and corporate venture investment efforts. Under Rob’s leadership, Cambia invested in nearly 20 companies. 
In 2015, Rob cofounded the Cambia Grove – an innovation hub focused on catalyzing and supporting the Pacific Northwest’s emerging health care economic cluster. At the Cambia Grove, innovators and entrepreneurs work closely with regional stakeholders to find solutions to pressing health care challenges.
Before joining Cambia, Rob was the founding partner of Faultline Ventures, where he worked with numerous early stage companies and strategic investors. Previously, he was a Partner at Capitol Health Partners, a Washington, D.C., and New York City-based venture capital firm specializing in early-stage health services and health care information technology.
Active in industry and community organizations, Rob serves on the boards of several health care companies and is a founder and former director of the Nashville-based largest network of young health care executives, Leadership Health Care. Rob also serves on the board of directors at Life Science Washington (formerly Washington Biotechnology & Biomedical Association) and the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and is a member of the American Leadership Forum.
Rob is a graduate of Georgetown University with a degree in history and is a Chartered Financial Analyst, charter holder.


			close            







Jan Berger, MD, MJ
President & Chief Executive Officer,
Health Intelligence Partners

Vice Chair of GNS Board of Directors
Jan founded Health Intelligence Partners six years ago as a health care consultancy that blends more than thirty years of business and clinical experience. Health Intelligence Partners has a global focus, working with clients on both short -term and long-term healthcare business strategies and solutions. Jan and Health Intelligence Partners help clients navigate the healthcare environment in order to identify and articulate value opportunities. A great deal of Jan’s focus is on consumer engagement and how it affects the decisions that the consumer makes and the actions that they take.
Prior to founding Health Intelligence Partners, Jan served as Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Officer for CVS Caremark. During that time, she had Executive Management, P & L, Operations, Innovation and Strategy responsibilities. Before going to CVS Caremark, Jan had 15 years’ experience in healthcare administration within the health plan and academic arenas and lead operations for two population health companies.
As a veteran healthcare executive, Jan’s leadership has delivered results in a variety of settings. Jan offers her experiences and insights through her consulting agency as well as through her participation on healthcare and consumer product boards. She presently sits on healthcare focused boards including AccentCare (Chair; Compliance Committee, Compensation Committee), GNS Healthcare, The University of Arizona School of Pharmacy, Harvard Patient Safety Board, Midwest Business Group on Health and Population Health Alliance (Chair: Government Affairs Committee). Jan’s consumer focused boards include Meals to Heal and Whiskerdocs. Jan previously sat on two boards; Care Core National (Committees: Chari: Finance Past Chairperson, Compensation, Search, M&A and Strategic Directions) and Rx-Ante, which were recently sold. She also sits on numerous business and healthcare committees.
As the author of the books “Leveraging Health” and “Thirteen Common Pitfalls in Consumer Engagement” and “Medical Liability for Pediatricians”, the Editor in Chief of American Journal of Pharmacy Benefit and on the editorial boards of a number of healthcare journals, Jan is considered a national health care thought leader. Jan speaks and writes on a broad range of health care issues.
Jan holds both a Doctor of Medicine degree and a Master’s degree in Jurisprudence from Loyola University in Chicago and a Certificate in Healthcare Business Administration from University of South Florida. She also holds a black belt in Six Sigma. Jan is an assistant professor at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois.


			close            







Colin Hill, MS
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder
Colin Hill co-founded GNS Healthcare in 2000 and has served as Chairman & CEO since then. He brings impressive leadership experience and a solid track record in commercializing machine learning technology and precision medicine platforms in the biopharmaceutical and managed care industries. In 2016, he was appointed to the board of directors of a leading publicly traded mobile health company that pioneered remote cardiac monitoring – Biotelemetry Inc. (formerly CardioNet) (NASDAQ: BEAT). He was appointed in 2015 by Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker to the board of directors of the Center for Health Information and Analysis. He is also a founding board member of Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute, a non-profit foundation (501c3) dedicated to the advancement of personalized medicine.
He was a founding member of the Board of Directors of AesRx, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of new treatments for sickle cell disease (acquired by Baxter in 2014). Colin was the founding chairman of O’Reilly Media’s Strata Rx in 2012, the first healthcare big data conference in the industry. Colin was the founding chairman of big data quantitative trading firm Fina Technologies and served from 2008 to 2011. In 2004, Colin was named to MIT Technology Review’s TR100 list of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
He is a frequent speaker at national and international scientific and industry conferences including America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) annual meeting, the Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) annual meeting, and the Forbes Healthcare Summit, and has been quoted in and appeared in numerous publications and television programs, including The Wall Street Journal, CNBC Morning Call & SquawkBox, Nature, Boston Globe, Politico, Forbes, Wired, and The Economist.
He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in physics and earned Master’s degrees in physics from both McGill University and Cornell University.


			close            








































 






Bill Thornburg, VP Product Management, GNS Healthcare


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Bill Thornburg



VP Product Management
at
GNS Healthcare


Location: Greater Boston Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Bill Thornburg



VP Product Management
at
GNS Healthcare


Location: Greater Boston Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Bill Thornburg leads product management for new products at GNS Healthcare.
Bill brings extensive experience in enterprise software product marketing and management to GNS. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President, Solution Marketing and Product Management at Medecision, a vendor of disease and case management workflow software. Prior to Medecision, Bill managed and marketed health care payer analytics solutions at OptumInsight. He has also managed products for datacenter automation at mValent, software development at Rational Software, and electronic publishing at Dataware.
Bill holds a B.S. in mathematics and computer science from Colorado State University and an M.B.A. from the University of Colorado.



6

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Software




Tags
Product Management, Product Marketing, Enterprise Software




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Bill ThornburgCareer (6)






Jun-2014




GNS Healthcare



VP Product Management







Nov-2012 to Nov-2013




Medecision



SVP Product Management and Solution Marketing







Jan-2007 to Oct-2012




OptumInsight



VP Product Management/Solution Marketing







Jan-2003 to Jan-2007




mValent, Inc



VP Product Management







Sep-1997 to Jan-2003




Rational Software



Director Product Management







Aug-1984 to Sep-1997




Dataware Technologies



VP Product Management








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Bill ThornburgEducation (2)






1982



University of Colorado Denver


Information Systems






1977



Colorado State University


Math and Computer Science









 Edit



Bill ThornburgAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Bill Thornburg






 Edit



Bill ThornburgLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Bill Thornburg









Bill ThornburgInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Bill Thornburg









Bill ThornburgInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Bill Thornburg








Bill ThornburgRelated People








Colleagues at GNS Healthcare







Leslie Hoyt

COO
Sep-2016









Steve Eisenberg

Acting Chief Medical Information Officer and Advisor
Sep-2015









Jan Berger


Sep-2014









Lance Stewart

Vice President, Business Development Payer Sales
Aug-2014








View all 
Peers (5)







Octavia Petrovici

Co-founder & Chief Product Officer of Quartermaster









Steve Stover

VP of Marketing and Product Management of Predixion Software









Paul Tuten

Vice President, Product Development & Management of RxAnte









Maureen Clancy

Vice President of Privia Health









K. Narasimha Murthy

Vice President of Zeomega












View all 



Bill ThornburgRecommended Market Profiles








Predictive Analytics - Enterprise (RockHealth)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
49 companies


















