
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


Go Epic Health, Inc. - Retail Cholesterade Is Days Away - Small cap Solutions, LLC | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Small cap Solutions, LLC's BlogGrowth, micro-cap, small-cap, long/short equitySend MessagePlease Note: Blog posts are not selected, edited or screened by Seeking Alpha editors.Go Epic Health, Inc. - Retail Cholesterade Is Days AwayAug. 24, 2016  5:03 PM ET
Go Epic Health, Inc.
Cholesterade
Cholesterade is days Away From Launching
It will go out to Independent Pharmacies first, then manistrem Big Retail. These are very exciting times.
The Initial investment opportunity may be coming to a close soon. You will never be offered the same shareholder benefits if there is any future raise.
First and foremost the product target market will be Doctors, Cardiologists, Health & Wellness Facilities-Stores and Pharmacies. People with High Cholesterol, Triglycerides and Blood Sugar.

Cholesterade is rich with Soluable Fiber which is the key ingredient to reduction of all three ailments mentioned above, while keep one regular as Metamucil does. It is an Alternative to Big Pharma Statins like Lipitor.
Cholesterol is All Natural, No Man Made Ingredients or Preservatives. Thus it is a extremely healthy drink, so much so a thought popped into my head.
**** I have seen where children and teens are being diagnosed with elevated cholesterol levels and doctors, physicians, etc. want to put these young kids on Harmful-Side Effect Ridden Statins at this early stage in their life. Sounds like a set up to damage organs very early in Life.
Instead of Statins-Pharmaceutical life long dependency, why not let your child or teen drink Cholesterade? It's Healthy, All Natural and tastes Just Like Gatorade. Gatorade you say? My Kid loves it!! Now you can have the best of both worlds-A Healthy Drink that your child likes, and a Preventive Maintenance product that is ot harmful, has no ill side effects. It could lead to overall healthier lives for people-completely avoiding the Pharma World for the conditions/diseases mentioned above.
Why does Cholesterade taste like Gatorade? Well the same gentleman "Dr. Robert Cade" who created gatorade, invented Cholesterade.
For more information on Cholesterade visit:
gocholesterade.com
For more inforation on the Investment opportunity contact me:
rkreh@goepichealth.com
The Company:
goepichealth.com
Rob Kreh
VP of Business Development
Go Epic Health, Inc.
(443) 567-2609
rkreh@goepichealth.com
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.Follow Small cap Solutions, LLC and get email alerts





Go Epic Health, Inc. - First Bottle Of Cholesterade Rolls Off Production Line   - Small cap Solutions, LLC | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Small cap Solutions, LLC's BlogGrowth, micro-cap, small-cap, long/short equitySend MessagePlease Note: Blog posts are not selected, edited or screened by Seeking Alpha editors.Go Epic Health, Inc. - First Bottle Of Cholesterade Rolls Off Production Line  Aug. 25, 2016  5:46 AM ET

goepichealth.com
gocholesterade.com

Cholesterade is days Away From Launching. The first container/bottle has rolled off the production line.
It will go out to Independent Pharmacies first, then manistream Big Retail. These are very exciting times.
The Initial investment opportunity may be coming to a close soon. You will never be offered the same ground floor-shareholder benefits if there is any future raise.
First and foremost the product target market will be Doctors, Cardiologists, and Pharmacies. Health & Wellness Fitness Centers and Stores. People with High Cholesterol, Triglycerides and Blood Sugar, via the internet (Amazon, etc.)

Cholesterade is rich with Soluble Fiber which is the key ingredient to reduction of all three ailments mentioned above, while it does keep one regular as Metamucil does. It is an Alternative to Big Pharma Statins like Lipitor.
Cholesterol is All Natural, No Man Made Ingredients or Preservatives. Thus it is a extremely healthy drink, so much so a thought popped into my head.
**** Children and teens are being diagnosed with elevated cholesterol levels and doctors, physicians, etc. are put these young kids on Harmful-Side Effect Ridden Statins at this early stage in their life. As early as Age 8 with the approval of the FDA. Sounds like a set up to damage organs very early in Life.
Statins that are obtainable in a generic version are lovastatin (immediate-release version only), pravastatin, and simvastatin. Pravastatin has FDA approval for children age ≥ 8 years with HeFH. Lovastatin, simvastatin, fluvastatin,atorvastatin, and rosuvastatin have been approved for children ≥10 years with HeFH.
www.consumerreports.org/cro/2012/05/shou...
Most statin drugs are FDA-approved for children and teens under age 18, but only if they have a genetic condition that cause extremely high levels of LDL (bad) cholesterol. Yet in 2009, pediatricians wrote children in the U.S. at least 2.8 million prescriptions for drugs to lower cholesterol; nearly 2.3 million of them were for statins. (not including prescriptions written by family doctors, psychiatrists, and other pediatric specialists), according to an internal analysis of prescription data. After all, about one in five children and adolescents 12 to 19 years have at least one lipid abnormality, including high cholesterol, according to a recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (NASDAQ:CDC).
Instead of Statins-Pharmaceutical life long dependency, why not let your child or teen drink Cholesterade? It's Healthy, All Natural and tastes Just Like Gatorade. Gatorade you say? My Kid loves it!! Now you can have the best of both worlds-A Healthy Drink that your child likes, and a Preventive Maintenance product that is not harmful, has no ill side effects. It could lead to overall healthier lives for people-completely avoiding the Pharma World for the conditions/diseases mentioned above.
Why does Cholesterade taste like Gatorade? Well the same gentleman "Dr. Robert Cade" who created Gatorade, invented Cholesterade.
For more information on Cholesterade visit:
gocholesterade.com
For more information on the Investment opportunity contact me:
rkreh@goepichealth.com
The Company:
goepichealth.com
Rob Kreh
VP of Business Development
Go Epic Health, Inc.
(443) 567-2609
rkreh@goepichealth.com

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.Follow Small cap Solutions, LLC and get email alerts













    Epic




















basics









Community


Sharing


Software


Services






with the patient at the heart



Technology


About Us


Visiting


Contact












Feed
            








Insights







Stories & Snapshots







The Buzz







Cool Things












Mobile Menu


















New feed articles every Monday














One Key Question to Help Prevent Unplanned Pregnancy
Using Epic to open up conversations about reproductive agency



Insights






Insights
One Key Question to Help Prevent Unplanned Pregnancy







Community News
Expanding Care for Rural and Out-of-State Patients Using Epic







Community News
Ochsner Brings Clinical Cancer Trials to More Patients







Community News
Patients Set the Agenda for Appointments at Harborview Medical Center







F
e
e
d


F
e
e
d




















                Careers  
                


				UserWeb  
				





1979 Milky Way, Verona, WI 53593 | (608) 271-9000
Copyright © 2016 Epic Systems Corporation. All rights reserved. Privacy Policies.















Go Epic Health inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























go epic health inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Consumer Products
Sub-Industry: Packaged Food
Go Epic Health Inc develops and markets organic and natural nutrition products. The Company serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

CA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































GO EPIC HEALTH, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GO EPIC HEALTH, INC.











Company number F16000003638
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State NV
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/16/2016
        

Principal Address
            6370 LUSK BLVD, F102, SAN DIEGO, 92121
            


Mailing Address 2979 W BAY DR, STE 6, BELLEAIR BLUFFS, FL, 33770
        
GO EPIC HEALTH, INC. Principals

Director
                Price James
                 


Address
                2979 W BAY DR, STE 6, BELLEAIR BLUFFS, FL, 33770
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name PHILLIPS            BRETT (p)
        

Agent Address
                2979 W BAY DR, STE 6, BELLEAIR BLUFFS, FL, 33770
                

Description
GO EPIC HEALTH, INC. has been set up 8/16/2016 in state NV.  
The current status of the business is Active. The GO EPIC HEALTH, INC. principal adress is 6370 LUSK BLVD, F102, SAN DIEGO, 92121. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 2979 W BAY DR, STE 6, BELLEAIR BLUFFS, FL, 33770. 
The company`s registered agent is PHILLIPS            BRETT 2979 W BAY DR, STE 6, BELLEAIR BLUFFS, FL, 33770.  
The company`s management are Director - Price James.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GO EPIC HOMES LLC
GOEPIKOS LLC
GOEPPER ENTERPRISES LLC
G.O.E PRODUCTION, LLC
G.O.E. PRODUCTIONS
GOE.PRODUCTIONS














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Careers - Epic Health Services






































































 







Health Services
Pediatric Therapy
Developmental Services
Medical Solutions





 How to Pay
 Blog
 Press
 Events
 Careers










 Menu
                










Careers







Epic Health Services   >   Careers                





Looking for a rewarding career helping others? Want to work for a national leader that provides ongoing opportunities for career growth and development?
If you are a dedicated, compassionate health care professional seeking a fulfilling career, Epic is the place for you!

At Epic, we’re able to provide the highest quality care delivered with extraordinary service because of the support of our outstanding team of clinicians and client service professionals.
That’s why we hire the top talent in the marketplace and provide our team members with ongoing opportunities for specialized training and career growth.
And with a strong focus on developing leaders, we provide many opportunities for current team members to move into leadership positions.
Positions Available:

Administrative / Client Service
Registered Nurses (RNs)
Licensed Vocational Nurses (LVNs)
Licensed Practical Nurses (LPNs)
Physical Therapists
Physical Therapy Assistants
Occupational Therapists
Occupational Therapy Assistants
Speech-Language Pathologists
Speech Therapy Assistants
Registered Dietitians
Certified Nursing Assistants
Home Health Aides
Direct Care Workers
Board Certified Behavior Analysts (BCBAs)
Social Workers

For more information, you may contact the recruiting department at 214-466-1375 or via email.
 
















































 



 Nurses to Go, LLC to Merge with Epic Health Services, Inc. 
         










    











 






 











 









Nurses to Go, LLC to Merge with Epic Health Services, Inc.

Dec 01, 2014, 10:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Epic Health Services, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


DALLAS, Dec. 1, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Epic Health Services, Inc., a Dallas-based leading provider of pediatric skilled nursing and therapy, as well as adult home health care services, and Nurses to Go, LLC, a prominent provider of pediatric and adult private duty and home health care services in Missouri, have announced the closing of a definitive agreement under which Epic Health Services has acquired Nurses to Go. 
The service offerings of Nurses to Go complement those of Epic Health Services. These include private duty nursing services for children and adults with special medical conditions and needs in home, facility, or school settings, as well as pre- and post-partum mom and newborn nursing care and services related to high risk pregnancies, newborn preparation and care, ongoing education and guidance, and chronic and acute illnesses. In addition, Nurses to Go provides medical and surgical nursing care, personal care services, and rehabilitation services, which align well with Epic's adult home health care services. 
The Nurses to Go acquisition provides Epic, which formerly operated from 31 offices and 11 clinics in five states, with four new office locations in Missouri – St. Louis, Festus, Union, and Wentzville.
"We were attracted to Nurses to Go because of their commitment to providing quality care for children and adults in Missouri, while maintaining the highest level of customer service. This commitment to quality and customer service mirrors our own and gives us great comfort that Nurses to Go and Epic will work well together," said John C. Garbarino, Chairman and CEO of Epic. "We are excited to announce this entrance into the great state of Missouri as part of our long-term service expansion initiative, and we look forward to working closely with the excellent professionals at Nurses to Go who have built the company into the respected provider that it is today." 
Shawn Khojasteh, PhD, co-founder, and CEO of Nurses to Go, believes the integration with Epic Health Services will be a positive and forward looking one. "Our mission has always been to provide the best, most effective, comprehensive, and patient-centered home care possible, while keeping our hometown values," she affirmed. "Nothing about that will change with this integration into Epic. I am confident that our clinical and operations teams will enhance each other and allow us to continue to build on our common vision and increase our capacity to better serve our patients and their families throughout the state of Missouri."
Chris Roussos, President and COO of Epic, echoes Shawn's sentiments. "Epic is attracted to like-minded organizations, and Nurses to Go follows a similar purpose and set of priorities," he said. "Due to the close alignment of our priorities and culture and the melding of our operational and clinical best practices, we believe that together we can serve more patients and deliver more enhanced care than we could if we remained separate." 
Nurses to Go will operate through the integration period as Nurses to Go, an Epic Health Services Company. 
About Nurses to Go, LLCEstablished in 2002 by a team of medical professionals, Nurses to Go (www.nursestogo.org) set out to provide the state of Missouri with the highest standards of home health care in order to enhance the quality of life of patients and their families. Since that time, Nurses to Go has assisted thousands of clients in their ongoing journey to achieve their highest level of functionality. Nurses to Go has been ranked in the "Top Ten St. Louis Home Health Care Providers" by The St. Louis Business Journal and has been identified several times as one of St. Louis' fastest growing privately held companies and largest women-owned businesses state-wide.
About Epic Health Services, Inc. Epic Health Services (www.epichealthservices.com) was founded in 2001 and has since become a leading provider of pediatric skilled nursing and therapy services, as well as adult home health services, including skilled nursing, therapy, personal care, and behavioral health nursing. Success in healthcare requires the delivery of exceptional care that meets the needs of patients, families, payers, and society. By maintaining a focus on quality care and extraordinary customer service, Epic continues to grow and serve even more patients. At the close of this transaction, Epic owns and operates 35 home health care branches and 11 outpatient therapy centers across six states.
Media Contact: Rachel O'NealEpic Health Services, Inc. Phone: 214-466-1376E-mail: rachel.oneal@epichealthservices.com
 SOURCE  Epic Health Services, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.epichealthservices.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 12, 2015, 12:09 ET
Preview: Epic Health Services Expands Presence in Pediatric Health Care with Acquisition of Loving Care Agency













Jun 27, 2014, 11:00 ET
Preview: Epic Health Services Names David Hagey Chief Financial Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





























Cholesterade ® is a product owned by Go Epic Health, Inc. which was created by the late Dr. Robert Cade, the creator of Gatorade ®. Dr. Cade himsel… | Pinteres…
















































































Explore Cholesterol Levels, High Cholesterol, and more!Explore related topicsHigh cholesterol levelsCholesterol levelsHigh cholesterolCholesterol LevelsHigh CholesterolThe LateNutritionThe GreatCreated ByRobert Ri'chardTo CreateDrinksForwardCholesterade ® is a product owned by Go Epic Health, Inc. which was created by the late Dr. Robert Cade, the creator of Gatorade ®. Dr. Cade himself experienced high cholesterol levels, so he completed very detailed research and formulated the ingredients and exact ratios to create the great tasting and effective drink we know today as Cholesterade ®.Dental TeethDental HygieneDental CareDental AssistantOral HealthHealth CareHealth TipsHealth FactsDental Public HealthForwardLearn more about which diseases are directly related ot oral health, with this thorough infographic.See MoreSolve the cholesterol problem with natural ingredientsWeight Loss TipsHealthy Weight LossWeight Loss PlansWeight Loss ProductsQuick Weight LossDiets For Weight LossRecipes For Weight LossAmazing Weight LossHerbal Weight LossForwardLa dieta facile del dottor Migliaccio è un regime da 1200 calorie che permette di perdere quattro chili in un mese senza sforzi, proprio perché basata su uno schema adattabile alle esigenze di ognuno.See MoreBannersForwardepic bannerBronchitis RemediesFlu RemediesHerbal RemediesTreatment For Kidney InfectionCure For Sinus InfectionSkin TreatmentsNatural TreatmentsBlemish RemediesNatural Cold RemediesForwardEffective Home Remedies For Staph Infection - Natural Treatments & Cure For Staph Infection | Find Home RemedySee MoreTake CareKnowledgeMy WayFitspirationNursingForwardObesity health risks. Take care of your health and don’t risk your life. #obesityrisks #obesityloose #HealthyLiving #HealthTips #shantiomni #Surgery #MinimallyInvasiveSurgerySee MoreDetails Cholesterade - A Delicious Orange FlavorChemo MoonshineNatural Nausea RemediesHerbal RemediesHealth RemediesHome RemediesCough RemediesSymptoms Of NauseaChemo CareAnti NauseaNausea CuresForwardRecipe: Chemo Moonshine | Natural Nausea Remedy. Apple Cider, Honey, Cinnamon, Cloves, Ginger and Star Anise. This elixir is highly recommended for anyone having symptoms of nausea as they go through chemo.See MoreTri FoldBrochuresForwardNew Cholesterade Tri-Fold Brochure #1See MorePinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookContinue with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d











Products | Go Epic Health





















 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PRODUCTS

 
 
 
 




Go Epic Health owns several proprietary nutritional products and formulas including multiple products that were created by the late Dr. Robert Cade, the creator of Gatorade ®.   Go Epic is implementing the initial launch of their flagship product, Cholesterade ® with additional proprietary product offerings coming soon.
Cholesterade ® is a product owned by Go Epic Health, Inc. which was created by the late Dr. Robert Cade, the creator of Gatorade ®. Dr. Cade himself experienced high cholesterol levels, so he completed very detailed research and formulated the ingredients and exact ratios to create the great tasting and effective drink we know today as Cholesterade ®.
Cholesterade ® provides a natural, delicious and economical solution to help meet NIH requirements for therapeutic lifestyles changes using non-drug intervention to lower cholesterol prior to consideration of statin intervention. Without making any other lifestyle changes, remarkable results were achieved in only 8 weeks.
In an 8 week study performed by Dr. Cade participants achieved amazing results without altering their lifestyle or taking harmful drugs. Participants each drank 1-8 ounce glass of Cholesterade ® with each meal and one at bedtime.
CREATED BY DR. J. ROBERT CADE, Creator of Gatorade ®
CHOLESTERADE ® comes in 3 delicious flavors.
CHOLESTERADE ® contains 7 Grams of delicious soluble fiber per serving.
In 8 the week study, the participants achieved
Triglycerides -50.0%
Total Cholesterol (TC) -17.9%
LDL Cholesterol (LDLC) -21.4%
HDL Cholesterol (HDLC) +12.9%
HDLC/LDLC Ratio +44.0%
For additional information please visit: www.gocholesterade.com
* Note: “Gatorade ® is a registered trademark of Stokely-Van Camp, Inc. GO EPIC HEALTH, Inc., is not affiliated with Gatorade ® or Stokely-Van Camp, Inc.”

 
Buy Now

 
 


 
 




 


Recuperade® is the ultimate pre-athletic performance hydration boost and post training recovery formula ever created. Along with a dozen vitamins and minerals, Recuperade® contains a multi-nutrient and whole food recovery blend and a multiple electrolyte source.
The Recuperade® formula is proven to support:
• Efficient cellular oxygen consumption
• Helps Boost Nitric Oxide Levels
• Improves Focus
• Reduces Stress
In addition, Recuperade® contains our proprietary recovery blend and our patent pending Go-Somes delivery and absorption technology making this a unique and one-of-a-kind product.

 
 
 




 
 


 
 




 



 



 
 



GO! ENERGY RECOVERY SHAKE
(Initially created by Dr. Robert Cade (the creator of Gatorade®) for the University of Florida Swim Team)

Maintains desired carb/protein ratio range of 2.5/3.0 to 1
Yale study demonstrates glycogen replacement 2- 4 times as fast as equivalent carbs or calories in carbs
Cuts muscle recovery time from 24 hours to 4-6 hours
Yale, Stanford, Navy Seal Research Head, University of Texas, Olympic Swim team nutritionist – funded by NIH and the Army
Used by more than 140 University Athletic Departments, Pro and Olympic teams
Over 40 NCAA championships, including LSU


A milk based mineral protein complex drink with a combination of simple and complex sugars that gives sustained energy without spiking – protein concentrate gives higher calories with lower fat and cholesterol levels than 2% low fat milk
Lactose free in Chocolate, Vanilla and Strawberry/Banana Flavors
Ideal drink for other market segments of meal replacement, general nutrition for all ages, weight management, healthcare, etc.
Some segments will have reduced sugar levels
Significantly better nutritionals than Ensure
More consistent sugar level impact for diabetics

 
GO! ENERGY RECOVERY BAR

Delicious and made from similar formulation to GO Shake
Three Delicious Flavors (Chocolate Vanilla Crisp, Peanut Butter Crunch, Berries and Yogurt
Taste is good enough to dominate the multi-billion dollar bar market


 
 
 


 
 



Sinol USA Inc., is a healthcare company dedicated to exceeding the needs of today’s consumers by creating healthcare products using 100% all natural ingredients. With so many prescription medications adding additional health risks, it is imperative that people have a natural choice when it comes to their own health care. By understanding the need for healthier medicines, Sinol has raised the bar, by formulating a unique combination of clean, old fashioned ingredients with new innovative technology. We have created the first capsaicin based, FDA approved, over the counter nasal spray for fast relief from allergy and sinus congestion and headaches of all degrees and types. Our dedication to providing a healthier medical alternative has been widely recognized and applauded by doctors and medical communities, and it is our mission to heal our customers suffering with clean all natural nasal spray products. We believe in giving our customers fast relief and peace of mind in knowing that they have made the right choice in using our all natural products. For Additional information visit www.sinolusa.com

 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















