    Lori Gobillot | | ZoomInfo.com    Lori Gobillot | Continental Airlines Inc | ZoomInfo.com


MMP Lori A. Gobillot Insider Trades for Magellan Midstream Partners L.P.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Magellan Midstream Partners L.P.

                  NYSE: MMP
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Magellan Midstream Partners L.P.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:05 p.m.


MMP

/quotes/zigman/329955/composite


$
69.36




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 11,897
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/329955/composite
Today's close

$
			69.62
		


$
				69.36
			
Change

-0.26
-0.37%





Day low
Day high
$69.06
$69.66










52 week low
52 week high

            $64.25
        

            $81.77
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Lori A. Gobillot



Ms. Lori A. Gobillot is Founding Partner at InVista Advisors LLC. She is on the Board of Directors at Magellan Midstream Partners LP, Agape Development and Bristow Group, Inc. She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Texas and a graduate degree from the University of Texas.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael N. Mears 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Ms. Melanie A. Little 
Senior Vice President-Operations




Mr. Aaron L. Milford 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Larry J. Davied 
Senior Vice President-Technical Services




Ms. Lisa J. Korner 
SVP-Human Resources & Administration




Mr. Robert L. Barnes 
Senior Vice President-Commercial Crude Oil




Mr. Douglas J. May 
SVP, General Counsel, Compliance & Ethics Officer




Mr. Jeff R. Selvidge 
Senior Vice President-Commercial Refined Products




Mr. Michael J. Aaronson 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Ms. Suzanne H. Costin 
Secretary




Ms. Stacy P. Methvin 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert G. Croyle 
Independent Director




Mr. Walter Richard Arnheim 
Independent Director




Mr. Barry R. Pearl 
Independent Director




Mr. James R. Montague 
Independent Director




Mr. Edward J. Guay 
Independent Director




Ms. Lori A. Gobillot 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:06 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Lori A. Gobillot: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:06 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lori A. Gobillot  Independent Director of Magellan GP, LLC, Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships55$109,578
Background

		Ms. Lori A. Gobillot is a Founding Partner of InVista Advisors LLC. Ms. Gobillot serves as an Independent Consultant. Ms. Gobillot served as Staff Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of United Airlines, Inc. (Continental Airlines Inc.) since 2006. She served as a Vice President of Integration Management at United Air Lines, Inc. from June 2010 to January 2012 where she managed its merger integration planning and implementation efforts following ... the merger with Continental Airlines. Previously, she served in various roles during her 13-year career with United Continental Holdings, Inc. and Continental Airlines. Before joining Continental Airlines in 1999, she was an attorney with the law firm of Vinson & Elkins. She has over 15 years of leadership experience in the aviation industry. Prior to attending law school, she worked in real estate development with Trammell Crow Company and as a consultant with Arthur Andersen. She has been an Independent Director of Magellan GP, LLC at Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. since June 15, 2016. Ms. Gobillot has been an Independent Director of Bristow Group, Inc. since May 1, 2012. She serves as a Member of Stellar Board of Advisors at GetGoing, Inc. Ms. Gobillot received a bachelor's degree and a Juris Doctorate from the University of Texas, graduating with high honors.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Williams CenterTulsa, Oklahoma 74172United StatesPhone: 918-574-7000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentIndependent DirectorBristow Group Inc.2016-PresentIndependent Director of Magellan GP, LLCMagellan Midstream Partners, L.P.
Education
JD The University of Texas SystemBachelor's Degree The University of Texas System
Other Affiliations
United Airlines, Inc.Bristow Group Inc.The University of Texas SystemGetGoing Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$45,411Total Calculated Compensation$109,578




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSteven T. Schlotterbeck Chief Executive Officer, President, President of Exploration & Production and DirectorEQT Corporation$519.6KDavid L. Stover Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentNoble Energy, Inc.$950.0KBarry V. Perry Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorFortis Inc.$1.1MMichael H. Dilger President, CEO & Non-Independent DirectorPembina Pipeline Corporation$779.2KGary R. Heminger Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer of MPLX GP LLCMPLX LP$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Lori A. Gobillot - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Lori A. Gobillot
Board Member at Bristow Group Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Lori A. Gobillot? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lori A. Gobillot's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lori A. Gobillot's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lori A. Gobillot's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lori A. Gobillot through your network of contacts.
												








Lori A. Gobillot's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.


Board Member, 
Bristow Group Inc.


Past
To view Lori A. Gobillot's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Lori A. Gobillot's Biography



InVista Advisors LLC (a private project management and consulting company)
- Founding Partner and Consultant, since 2013
United Airlines, Inc. (a public air transportation company)
- Vice President, Integration Management, 
October 2010 - 2012
Continental Airlines, Inc. (a public air transportation company)
- Vice President, Integration Management, 
June 2010 - October 2010
- Staff Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, 2006 - June 2010

Public Companies:
- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. 
(Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee) (since June 2016)
Private Companies:
- Republic A ...
(Read More)

			InVista Advisors LLC (a private project management and consulting company)
- Founding Partner and Consultant, since 2013
United Airlines, Inc. (a public air transportation company)
- Vice President, Integration Management, 
October 2010 - 2012
Continental Airlines, Inc. (a public air transportation company)
- Vice President, Integration Management, 
June 2010 - October 2010
- Staff Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, 2006 - June 2010

Public Companies:
- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. 
(Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee) (since June 2016)
Private Companies:
- Republic Airways Holdings (Compensation Committee) (Chairperson) (since May 2017)
- Agape Development Ministries
(since January 2015)
- GetGoing, Inc. (Advisory Board) 
(2012 - January 2016)
Board Recommendation: Our Board concluded that Ms. Gobillot should continue to serve on our Board, in light of our business and structure, for the reasons set forth below.
Key attributes, experience and skills: Ms. Gobillot is an attorney by education with extensive management and legal experience within the aviation industry as well as experience in private practice representing a variety of clients. Her years of experience at a capital intensive airline with a similar focus on safety, regulatory compliance, customer service and employee satisfaction add a helpful perspective to our Board's deliberations. Her aviation background and legal knowledge allow her to contribute significantly as a member of the Compensation Committee and benefit our Board's decision making process. Her expertise in corporate governance, which has been recognized by her being honored as a NACD Board Leadership Fellow, makes her highly qualified to serve as a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Her experience with fixed wing airlines is of particular use for our Board in connection with the Company's strategic investment in Eastern Airways International Ltd. in February 2014 and Capiteq Limited (d/b/a Airnorth) ("Airnorth") in February 2015.
		
Source: Bristow Group Inc. on 06/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lori A. Gobillot's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Lori A. Gobillot. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lori A. Gobillot's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lori A. Gobillot's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lori A. Gobillot through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Lori A. Gobillot


















Lori A. Gobillot's Connections (46)





Sign up now to view Lori A. Gobillot's 46 connections »









Jonathan E. Baliff
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









Stephen A. King
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Bruce H. Stover
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Biggs C. Porter
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Fluor Corporation









Hilary S. Ware
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Administration Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









Ian A. Godden
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









William E. Chiles
Board Member, Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.









K. Jeremy Akel
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Bristow Group Inc.









Thomas N. Amonett
Board Member, Bristow Group Inc.









Mark B. Duncan
Former Senior Vice President, Commercial, Bristow Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Lori A. Gobillot - bristowgroup.com














































          Search
        



Search










LEADING THE WAY.

Dapibus tempor turpis nisi et ultricies magnis. Nascetur et enim eros ac rhoncus vut facilisis risus.















Lori A. Gobillot
Lori A. Gobillot joined Bristow's Board in May 2012. Gobillot currently serves as an independent consultant. In addition, Gobillot has served as a director of Republic Airways Holdings and the chairperson of the compensation committee since May 2017. She also serves as a director of Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P and as a member of the compensation committee and the nominating and governance committee since June 2016.. Gobillot served as vice president, integration management at United Airlines, Inc. from June 2010 to January 2012 where she managed the company's merger integration planning and implementation efforts following the merger with Continental Airlines, Inc. Prior to the merger, Gobillot served as staff vice president, assistant general counsel and assistant secretary of Continental Airlines since 2006. Before joining Continental Airlines, Gobillot was an attorney with the law firm of Vinson & Elkins. Prior to attending law school, Gobillot worked in real estate development with Trammell Crow Company and as a consultant with Arthur Andersen. She has served on Bristow's Compensation Committee since May 2012 and on Bristow’s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee since May 2016.






































 



 Bristow Group Appoints Lori Gobillot To Its Board Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Bristow Group Appoints Lori Gobillot To Its Board Of Directors

May 07, 2012, 06:45 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Bristow Group Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


HOUSTON, May 7, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bristow Group Inc. (NYSE:   BRS) announced today that Ms. Lori A. Gobillot has been appointed to its Board of Directors.  Ms. Gobillot, whose appointment was effective May 1, will serve on the Compensation Committee.  
Ms. Gobillot was an executive at United Airlines from 2006 until 2012.  She served as Vice President, Integration Management at United Airlines, Inc. from June 2010 to January 2012 where she managed the company's merger integration planning and implementation efforts following the merger with Continental Airlines.  Prior to the merger, Ms. Gobillot served as Staff Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Continental Airlines.  Before joining Continental Airlines, Ms. Gobillot was an attorney with the law firm of Vinson & Elkins.
William E. Chiles, President and Chief Executive Officer of Bristow Group, stated, "We are delighted that Lori Gobillot has agreed to join the Bristow Board of Directors. Her leadership experience in the airline industry will be a major asset to our Board.  She brings a depth of aviation, legal and transaction expertise to Bristow.  The Board of Directors and the management team look forward to her contributions to the organization."
ABOUT BRISTOW GROUP INC. Bristow Group Inc. is the leading provider of helicopter services to the worldwide offshore energy industry based on the number of aircraft operated and one of two helicopter service providers to the offshore energy industry with global operations.  The Company has major transportation operations in the North Sea, Nigeria and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and in most of the other major offshore oil and gas producing regions of the world, including Alaska, Australia, Brazil, Russia and Trinidad.  For more information, visit the Company's website at www.bristowgroup.com.
Linda McNeill, 
Investor Relations
(713) 267-7622 
 SOURCE  Bristow Group Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.bristowgroup.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 23, 2012, 16:50 ET
Preview: Bristow Group Announces 33 Percent Dividend Increase













Apr 26, 2012, 07:00 ET
Preview: Bristow Group Announces Fiscal Year 2012 Fourth quarter and Year-End Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 08, 2017, 17:28 ET
Bristow Group Announces Fiscal Year 2018 First Quarter Earnings...








Jun 08, 2017, 17:28 ET
Bristow Group To Present At The 2017 J.P. Morgan Energy Equity...








Jun 08, 2017, 17:28 ET
Bristow Announces Critical Strategic And Leadership Changes For A...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Lori Gobillot | Claro Group
















































































Home
Press
Contact Us


























OUR FIRM

The Claro Group Difference
Community Involvement


WHAT WE DO

Disputes, Claims and Investigations
Healthcare Consulting
Government Contract Consulting
Sourcing and Procurement


OUR PEOPLE

Senior Staff
Academic Affiliates
Professional Affiliates


CAREERS

Why Work for The Claro Group?
Meet Our People
Recruiting
Current Job Opportunities


OFFICES
SUBMIT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL















Home
>




Print This Page


Send a Link








OUR FIRM

The Claro Group Difference
Community Involvement


WHAT WE DO

Disputes, Claims and Investigations
Healthcare Consulting
Government Contract Consulting
Sourcing and Procurement


OUR PEOPLE

Senior Staff
Academic Affiliates
Professional Affiliates


CAREERS

Why Work for The Claro Group?
Meet Our People
Recruiting
Current Job Opportunities


OFFICES
SUBMIT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
 



 


Lori Gobillot



Senior Advisor
832.332.6955
Professional Affiliate
Partner, InVista Advisors


lori@invista-advisors.com







Lori Gobillot has over 20 years of leadership experience in the airline and real estate industries. Her diverse business and legal career includes significant accomplishments related to mergers and acquisitions, complex project management, corporate governance, executive compensation design and disclosure, enterprise risk management, and real estate planning and operations.
Prior to founding InVista Advisors, Lori served as Vice President, Integration Management at United Airlines where she led the company’s merger integration planning and implementation efforts following the Continental – United merger. Previously, Lori was Assistant General Counsel at Continental Airlines. In this role, she managed the operations of the Legal Department and took a lead role in numerous capital market transactions. Prior to joining Continental Airlines, she had roles as an attorney with Vinson & Elkins LLP and in real estate with Trammell Crow Company and Senterra Development.
Lori currently serves on the Board of Directors of Bristow Group, nonprofit Agape Development, and is the Senior Warden of St. John the Divine.











Print This Page


Send a Link







Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 






















Copyright © 2017 The Claro Group, LLC



















