





Home - Golden Agri-Resources































































































Menu

Search




 







 






Investing in CommunitiesDesa Makmur Peduli Api Programme Learn More




Forest ConservationPeat Ecosystem Rehabilitation Project Learn More




Meet the makers of palm oilREAD MORE




AboutSeed to ShelfLearn More

 



 




BlogSustainability reporting can help GAR become a world-class companyRead morePress ReleaseGolden Agri-Resources Sustainability Report 2016 showcases production-protection partnerships as key to successful conservationRead moreFeatured PublicationSustainability Report 2016 – Delivering on our commitment
Read moreFeatured VideoAn estimated two million smallholders in Indonesia own over 40 percent of palm oil estates in the country.
Watch video 





 

































 








Golden Star Resources Ltd. – Value Analysis (TORONTO:GSC) : June 15, 2017 – CapitalCube








































Skip to content





CapitalCube





















Golden Star Resources Ltd. – Value Analysis (TORONTO:GSC) : June 15, 2017 
June 15, 2017 by CapitalCube 


Click here to see latest analysis
Capitalcube gives Golden Star Resources Ltd. a score of 19.
Our analysis is based on comparing Golden Star Resources Ltd. with the following peers – Asanko Gold, Inc., Pelangio Exploration Inc., African Gold Group, Inc., Castle Peak Mining Ltd., African Queen Mines Ltd., Ashanti Sankofa Inc., Royal Gold, Inc., Avesoro Resources Inc., Randgold Resources Limited Sponsored ADR and Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (AKG-CA, PX-CA, AGG-CA, CAP-CA, AQ-CA, ASI-CA, RGLD-US, ASO-CA, GOLD-US and KL-CA).
Investment Outlook
Golden Star Resources Ltd. has a fundamental score of 19 and has a relative valuation of UNDERVALUED. 

Access our research and ratings on Golden Star Resources Ltd.
Sign Up


Company Overview

Compared to peers, relative outperformance over the last year has faded more recently.


Golden Star Resources Ltd. currently has a negative book value and its current Price/Assets ratio of 0.81 is lower than its peer median (1.20).


GSC-CA‘s book value of equity is not positive and suggests that that it is not meaningful to analyze its ROE versus P/E in order to determine whether the company has an operating or growth advantage.


GSC-CA has relatively low net profit margins while its asset efficiency is relatively high.


Changes in annual earnings (relative to peers) are better than the change in its revenues (relative to peers), implying the company is focused more on earnings.


GSC-CA‘s return on assets has improved from below median to about median among its peers over the last five years.


The company’s relatively low gross and pre-tax margins suggest a non-differentiated product portfolio and not much control on operating costs relative to peers.


While GSC-CA‘s revenues growth has been below the peer median in the last few years, the market still gives the stock a Price/EBITDA ratio that is around peer median and seems to see the company as a long-term strategic bet.


The company’s relatively low level of capital investment and below peer median returns on capital suggest that the company is in maintenance mode.


GSC-CA seems too levered to raise additional debt.

Access our research and ratings on Golden Star Resources Ltd.
Sign Up



Leverage & Liquidity
GSC-CA would seem to have a hard time raising additional debt.

With debt at a relatively high 31.43% of its enterprise value compared to an overall benchmark of 25% (Note: The peer median is currently 0.04%), and relatively tight interest coverage level of -0.54x, GSC-CA would have a hard time raising much additional debt. The company has a Constrained profile in terms of its ability to take on further debt.


Of the 10 chosen peers for the company, only 5 of the stocks have an outstanding debt balance. Companies with no debt include PX-CA, AGG-CA, CAP-CA, AQ-CA and ASI-CA.

GSC-CA has maintained its Limited Flexibility profile from the recent year-end.

GSC-CA‘s interest coverage is greater than (but within one standard deviation of) its five-year average interest coverage of -1.67x.


While its interest coverage decreased to -0.54x from 0.09x (in 2016), its peer median increased during this period to 3.88x from 1.26x.


Interest coverage fell 3.25 points relative to peers. It is also below the 2.50x coverage benchmark unlike the peer median.


GSC-CA‘s debt-EV continues to trend downward and is below (but within one standard deviation of) its five-year average debt-EV of 105.34%.


Though its debt-EV decreased to 31.43% from 39.58% (in 2016), its peer median remained relatively stable during this period at 0.04%.


Relative to peers, debt-EV fell 8.14 percentage points. Unlike the peer median, it is also above the 25% leverage benchmark.

Access the detailed analysis for Golden Star Resources Ltd.
Sign Up



Key Liquidity Items




Company
Debt/Enterprise Value (%)
Current Ratio
Interest Coverage (x)
Cash Flow To Total Debt (%)


Asanko Gold, Inc.
24.37
2.63
2.12
62.08


Pelangio Exploration Inc.
0
0.48
No interest exp
999


African Gold Group, Inc.
0
0.06
-21.7
999


Castle Peak Mining Ltd.
0
0.04
No interest exp
999


African Queen Mines Ltd.
0
0.79
-40.14
999


Ashanti Sankofa Inc.
0
4.57
No interest exp
999


Royal Gold, Inc.
12.32
5.42
3.88
41.55


Avesoro Resources Inc.
55.48
0.94
-5.29
-35.43


Randgold Resources Limited Sponsored ADR
0.04
5.03
137.07
22376.58


Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd.
9.44
1.62
8.76
140.2


Golden Star Resources Ltd.
31.43
0.65
-0.54
80.13


Peer Median
0.04
0.94
3.88
999


Best In Class
0.04
5.42
No interest exp
22376.58




Looking for more metrics and analysis for Golden Star Resources Ltd.?
Sign Up



Company Profile
Golden Star Resources Ltd. engages in gold mining and exploration activities. It owns and operates the Wassa and Prestea mines situated in Ghana. Its business is carried out through the following segments: Wassa, Bogoso/Prestea, Other, and Corporate. The company was founded by David A. Fennell on May 15, 1992 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Disclaimer
The information presented in this report has been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable, but AnalytixInsight does not make any representation about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of this information. This report was produced by AnalytixInsight for informational purposes only and nothing contained herein should be construed as an offer to buy or sell or as a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or derivative instrument. This report is current only as of the date that it was published and the opinions, estimates, ratings and other information may change without notice or publication. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Prior to making an investment or other financial decision, please consult with your financial, legal and tax advisors. AnalytixInsight shall not be liable for any party’s use of this report. AnalytixInsight is not a broker-dealer and does not buy, sell, maintain a position, or make a market in any security referred to herein.  One of the principal tenets for us at AnalytixInsight is that the best person to handle your finances is you. By your use of our services or by reading any our reports, you’re agreeing that you bear responsibility for your own investment research and investment decisions. You also agree that AnalytixInsight, its directors, its employees, and its agents will not be liable for any investment decision made or action taken by you and others based on news, information, opinion, or any other material generated by us and/or published through our services. For a complete copy of our disclaimer, please visit our website www.analytixinsight.com.









 

 
  

 



 







 

 




Scroll back to top









 


Website Disclosure - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com


















Disclaimer Golden Capital Management, LLC (GCM) provides the information in this web site as a service to financial advisors and other visitors, to be used for informational purposes only.  While we have tried to provide accurate and timely information, and have relied on sources we believe to be reliable, the site may include inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies.  GCM does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, that the information on the site is accurate or complete or that the web site will operate error free or is free from viruses or other destructive or harmful code.

Nothing contained on this site should be used or construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security, and nothing contained herein is intended as investment, tax, financial or legal advice.  Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situations.  Any decision based on information contained on this site is the sole responsibility of the user.

Performance information presented on this web site is historical and is not indicative of future results.  No assurance can be made that profits will be achieved or that substantial losses will not be incurred in connection with any investment strategy.  All investments involve risks, including the risk of loss of capital.

GCM reserves the right to withdraw or prohibit access to the site, and to revise or remove any information available on the site, at any time without notifying users.

 
















 


Golden Capital Management Services, Investment Advisory Services, Equity Management - Golden Capital Management

























 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com








GCM 3rd Quarter 2016 Commentary
Golden Capital Q3 2016 Commentary
View Details


2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award
Wells Fargo Asset Management recognizes Golden Capital, recipient of 2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award.
View Details












Fundamentally Based, Quantitatively Executed
GCM is an investment advisory firm that offers domestic and international equity portfolios to individual investors and institutions of all sizes.  The firm is based in Charlotte, NC.To accommodate the investment requirements of a diverse client base, we offer a variety of investment strategies.  Our strategy lineup includes focused, enhanced index and conventional index portfolios.

Our advantage is rooted in proprietary stock selection models.  The models combine the thoroughness of a fundamental approach to research with the consistency accomplished through quantitative execution.  We utilize the models to identify stocks that we believe are likely to outperform their peers.



About the Logo

At GCM, we take seriously our responsibility as your investment advisor.  Our commitment to you is even represented in our logo.  The logo visualizes a client's overall portfolio as a pie chart, and the piece of that pie highlighted in the bottom right-hand corner represents the portion entrusted to us.  This serves as a reminder to us that each of our clients has his or her own story and investment objectives, and it emphasizes the importance of our obligation to each client.















 


Contact Us - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com


















Locations
Charlotte Office
10715 David Taylor Drive, Suite 400
Charlotte, NC  28262
704.593.1144




Institutional Contacts




Western U.S. & Int'l
            Jon Cangalosi, CIMA
Executive Vice President & Principal
            704.817.5560
cango@gcm1.com
North & South U.S.
            Tom Mueth, CIMA
            Director of Institutional Markets
            704.817.5589
tmueth@gcm1.com




Retail Broker Dealer & Financial Advisor Contact
National
David Farace
Director - Retail and Home Office Relationships
704.817.5590
dfarace@gcm1.com

















 


Domestic - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















Overview
Domestic
International





Domestic
GCM’s founders began developing quantitative stock selection models based on estimate revisions and earnings surprise in 1987.  In the early 1990’s, multi-factor valuation models were added to the domestic research platform.  Research showed that synergies between these models resulted in improved performance and a well-balanced signal over varied market cycles.  Tremendous growth in the availability of data, technological advances, and a quantitative research team that strives for excellence have led to models that are even more robust and powerful today than when they were first developed.

Investment Universe
Our quantitative research process begins with the collection of data on our initial investment universe.  

Categorization
Then, using a proprietary categorization methodology, we group companies into four unique categories.  Our methodology is based on the idea that companies within a certain category operate within a similar phase of their business cycle and share common financial characteristics that influence the way they are viewed by investors. Attractive investment opportunities can be found in each of the four categories.  The goal of categorization is to group companies in a manner that allows us to customize factor and sub-composite weights, because companies in any one category tend to respond differently than companies in the other three categories. 

Total Composite Model
After categorizing the investment universe, we evaluate companies through the application of our Total Composite Model.  The Total Composite Model takes a bottom-up approach to evaluating common stock, and its objective is to provide a single quantitative ranking to serve as an overall indication of a stock’s attractiveness relative to its peers.  The Total Composite Model considers valuation, earnings and momentum measures as captured by the following six sub-composites.
 

Traditional Valuation:  Assesses value as measured by multiples of earnings, sales, cash flow, and other items
GARP Valuation:  Provides a value assessment in light of current and expect growth and the sustainability of growth
Earnings Growth:  Evaluates recent and expected earnings growth and trends with insight into the sustainability of that growth
Earnings and Sales Momentum:  Considers earnings and sales surprise and analysts’ expectations
Earnings Quality:  Evaluates the overall quality, consistency and sustainability of a company’s profitability
Trading Momentum:  Evaluates price behavior to identify the direction of near-term momentum and investor sentiment

Model Output
The Total Composite Model produces a ranking for each stock that indicates our expectation for its performance relative to its peers.  Each of the sub-composites also produces a ranking that provides us with additional color on the underlying strengths and weaknesses of each company.





Fast Facts
Categorization
Group companies by their business cycle


Total Composite Model
Considers valuation, earnings and momentum measures


Model Output
The Total Composite Model provides a single quantitative ranking of a company's attractiveness.























CapitalCube - Fundamental Analysis On Demand































































































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


Management Team - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















Overview
History
Our Advantage
Management Team





Management Team
GCM operates independently of its parent company, Wells Fargo & Company. Our management team is comprised of experienced investment, client service, operations and compliance leaders, including GCM’s founders. The management team is responsible for managing all day-to-day activities of the firm.

Greg Golden, CFA
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Greg Golden founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees the strategic direction of the firm as its President and CEO and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Enhanced Large Cap and Small Cap Core strategies. Greg was Senior Vice President and Head of Structured Products for Bank of America prior to founding GCM, and he began his career in investment management in 1989 with Sovran Bank of Tennessee. Greg earned a B.B.A. in finance from Belmont University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.

  
Jeff Moser, CFA
Chief Operating Officer
Jeff Moser founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees all business activities of the firm as its Chief Operating Officer and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Large Cap Core strategy. Jeff began his investment career in 1983 with Bank of America, where he served as Senior Vice President and Fund Manager. Jeff is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Wake Forest University with a B.S. in mathematics. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.


Jon Cangalosi, CIMA
Executive Vice President
Jon Cangalosi joined GCM in October 1999 and is one of the firm’s three principal employees. He oversees sales, marketing and client service initiatives for the firm and serves as the lead liaison between GCM and its clients. His investment career has included working for firms such as Alliance Capital, Fidelity Investments and Bank of America. Jon earned a B.A. in political science from Wake Forest University. He holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst designation (CIMA) and is a member of the Investment Management Consultants Association (IMCA) and the Association for Investment Management Sales Executives (AIMSE). 


Lynette Alexander
Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
Lynette Alexander joined GCM in August 2000, and she oversees portfolio accounting and performance measurement for the firm’s investment strategies, as well as the firm's financial accounting. Prior to joining GCM, she spent thirteen years at Bank of America, where she started her career as a systems analyst and advanced to Senior Vice President and Manager of Information Services for the investment group. Lynette earned a B.S. in mathematical science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 


  
Rob Carroll, J.D.
Chief Compliance Officer, Managing Director 
Rob Carroll joined GCM in May 2006, and he oversees legal and compliance matters for the firm. Prior to joining GCM, Rob built over fifteen years of experience in the investment management industry including his most recent position as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Stephens Investment Management Group. His prior positions include Associate General Counsel at Bank of America Corporation and Senior Special Counsel in the Division of Investment Management at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (Washington, DC), and associate attorney at Steptoe & Johnson (Washington, DC). Rob earned a B.A. in economics from Dartmouth College and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law. He is a member of the Virginia and District of Columbia bar associations.





Independent Firm, Dependable Partner
GCM enjoys a strong partnership with Wells Fargo & Company, a global financial services leader.


Firm Ownership
Firm principals Greg Golden, Jeff Moser and Jon Cangalosi maintain a significant ownership stake in Golden Capital Management.


Consistency
Firm founders Greg Golden and Jeff Moser have managed strategies since GCM was founded in 1999.

















 


Resources / News - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















News
Legal Forms





News



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC - NORCROSS, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



NORCROSS



Management Consulting Services



Business Planning And Organizing Services



                            GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC
                                    



 





















G 


GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3720 DAVINCI CT NORCROSS, GA 30092
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated GA
 Annual Revenue $66,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Planning And Organizing Services
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Golden Capital Resources, Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 3720 Davinci Ct in Norcross. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $66,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorGOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd 
Current Positions1


GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd  has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
        
        
        
            GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd 's top industries are
            
                "Business Services" (sic 73)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES Ltd  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2016‑12‑12
SC 13G
WEYL / Weyland Tech Inc.

*

1,127,738
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















From the Blog


                How To Launch a Hedge Fund

                    The Piotroski Score



























GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC











Company number M06000002478
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 204715228
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State GA
        

Last activity date 3/28/2012
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/24/2006
        

Principal Address
            6465 E. JOHNS CROSSING, SUITE 200, ATTN: MONICA ABBATE, JOHNS CREEK, GA, 30097
            


Mailing Address 6465 E. JOHNS CROSSING, SUITE 200, ATTN: STEPHEN KIRKWOOD, JOHNS CREEK, GA, 30097
        
GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC Principals

M, G, R, M
                Terlizzi James D
                 


Address
                3301 QUANTUM BOULEVARD, 2ND FLOOR, BOYNTON, FL, 33426
                 







Last Annual Reports

2011 3/16/2011
            

2011 3/16/2011
            

2010 3/3/2010
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name  (p)
        

Agent Address


GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC Events

1 WITHDRAWAL
            

filedDate 3/28/2012
            

Description
GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC has been set up 4/24/2006 in state GA.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The GOLDEN CAPITAL RESOURCES, LLC principal adress is 6465 E. JOHNS CROSSING, SUITE 200, ATTN: MONICA ABBATE, JOHNS CREEK, GA, 30097. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 6465 E. JOHNS CROSSING, SUITE 200, ATTN: STEPHEN KIRKWOOD, JOHNS CREEK, GA, 30097. 
The company`s registered agent is  same as principal.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Terlizzi James D. The last significant event in the company history is WITHDRAWAL which is dated by 3/28/2012. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/16/2011.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GOLDEN CAPITAL SAR, LLC
GOLDEN CAPITAL SERVICES, INC.
GOLDEN CARAT DESIGNS, INC.
GOLDEN CARDINAL, INC.
GOLDEN CARE AT HOME
GOLDEN CARE AT HOME, LLC











