

















Goldman Sachs | Middle Market Financing and Investing









































































Search





 

          twitter 
         

 @GoldmanSachs 
 @GSCareers 
 @GS10KWomen 
 @GS10KSmallBiz 
 
 

          linkedin 
         

 
 

          gplus 
         

 
 

          youtube 
         

 








 What We Do 
 Investing and Lending 






Middle Market Financing and Investing







 



 



 



 



 



 


Middle Market Financing and Investing is offered through the Goldman Sachs Special Situations Group (SSG).



SSG is a global, multi-asset class business, specializing in principal investing and lending in all levels of capital structures on a risk-adjusted return basis. SSG is the primary center for Goldman Sachsâ middle-market financing and investing activity. The group lends and invests Goldmanâs capital directly to mid-sized companies.  Our middle market financing strategies include:









Featured content







  Careers Find your place with us  

Whatever your background, if you're considering a career with Goldman Sachs, you can take our short quiz to help you find the right division.












  Citizenship 2016 Environmental, Social and Governance Report  

Our Environmental, Social and Governance Report highlights our commitment to sustainability and describes our work on behalf of our clients and the communities we seek to serve. Explore Report
































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies This 9.3%-Yielding BDC Is At Risk Of Having To Slash Its DividendARCC• Today, 4:54 PM • Achilles Research•11 CommentsSantander Consumer USA Holdings Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSC• Today, 4:23 PM • SA TranscriptsHartford Financial Services Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHIG• Today, 4:05 PM • SA TranscriptsPrincipal Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPFG• Today, 3:44 PM • SA TranscriptsHilltop Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHTH• Today, 2:55 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerican Capital Agency: It Has Been Wiped OutAGNC• Today, 2:45 PM • Quad 7 Capital•18 CommentsWestpac Banking (WBK) Updates On Institutional Bank Market - SlideshowWBK• Today, 2:09 PM • SA TranscriptsHeritage Financial Corporation (HFWA) To Acquire Puget Sound Bancorp (PUGB) - SlideshowHFWA, PUGB• Today, 1:32 PM • SA TranscriptsPKO: No Longer A BuyPKO• Today, 1:29 PM • Dividend Seeker•3 CommentsValidus Holdings, Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVR• Today, 1:17 PM • SA TranscriptsWashington Prime Group: Grinding It OutWPG• Today, 12:22 PM • Beyond Saving•30 CommentsCubeSmart Common Shares 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCUBE• Today, 11:41 AM • SA TranscriptsBanco Bradesco S.A. - Underappreciated Stock For Aggressive Growth And IncomeBBD• Today, 11:34 AM • Bobak ForouzanMastering The Yield Curve For 6% To 10% Returns In A YearZION• Today, 11:19 AM • Arbitrage Trader•1 CommentDiscover Financial Services: Golden OpportunityDFS• Today, 10:20 AM • Samuel Smith•4 CommentsBank Of America And JPMorgan: Comparing Financial RatiosBAC, JPM• Today, 10:01 AM • Chris B Murphy•8 CommentsWeyerhaeuser Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWY• Today, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsFranklin Resources Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBEN• Today, 9:47 AM • SA TranscriptsSeacoast Banking Corporation of Florida 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSBCF• Today, 9:46 AM • SA TranscriptsBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBBVA• Today, 9:45 AM • SA TranscriptsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsWelltower Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHCN• Today, 8:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBlackstone's Imprimatur Opens A FelCor ArbitrageFCH, RLJ• Today, 8:10 AM • Dane Bowler•3 CommentsDoing It Well Is What Separates The Best From The RestEditors' Pick • OHI• Today, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•67 CommentsBanco Santander S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAN• Today, 6:20 AM • SA TranscriptsBarclays PLC 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBCS• Today, 5:10 AM • SA TranscriptsFirst Hawaiian 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFHB• Today, 2:44 AM • SA TranscriptsWashington Primed For A Large Short SqueezeWPG• Today, 1:07 AM • Trapping Value•39 CommentsNVG: A Muni CEF Cornerstone, But Beware The NameNVG• Yesterday, 9:14 PM • Maks F. S.•3 CommentsHFF, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHF• Yesterday, 7:25 PM • SA TranscriptsThis 8.7%-Yielding Monthly-Paying REIT Should Be In Everybody's Dividend PortfolioWSR• Yesterday, 6:24 PM • Achilles Research•18 CommentsGreen Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGNBC• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • SA TranscriptsCNO Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCNO• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsRealty Income: What I Feel As A New InvestorO• Yesterday, 5:02 PM • Jonathan Weber•13 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsFirst Merchants Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFRME• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • SA TranscriptsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•6 CommentsMacquarie Group Limited (MCQEF) Investor Presentation - SlideshowMCQEF• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • SA TranscriptsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsImpac Mortgage Holdings (IMH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowIMH• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • SA TranscriptsTriumph Bancorp (TBK) Acquires Valley Bancorp - M&A SlideshowTBK• Yesterday, 2:55 PM • SA TranscriptsBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund (RA) Updates On Q2 2017 Reorganizations - SlideshowRA• Yesterday, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsValley National Bancorp (VLY) Acquires USAmeriBancorp (USAB) - SlideshowVLY• Yesterday, 2:51 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•14 CommentsStarwood Property Trust: Look For Book Value To Grow, Not The DividendSTWD• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Matthew Utesch•17 CommentsCYS Investments: It's MixedCYS• Yesterday, 2:10 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsAnnaly Called NLY-A As I Expected, NLY-D Is Now The Logical ChoiceNLY• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•22 CommentsVisa Leads $25 Million Investment Round In MarqetaV• Yesterday, 1:22 PM • Donovan Jones•3 CommentsCEE: Sanctions, What Sanctions?CEE• Yesterday, 1:17 PM • Maks F. S.•4 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsARMOUR Residential: This One Was ImportantARR• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•8 CommentsEastgroup Properties: Pushing Through The Houston ProblemEGP• Yesterday, 11:00 AM • Beyond SavingComparing Citigroup To Wells Fargo: Financial Ratio AnalysisC, WFC• Yesterday, 10:40 AM • Chris B Murphy•8 CommentsMasterCard Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMA• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsIs Low-Single-Digit Revenue Growth The Best Goldman Sachs Can Do?GS• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•12 CommentsKKR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKKR• Yesterday, 10:31 AM • SA TranscriptsMasterCard: Why Own Anything Else?MA• Yesterday, 10:08 AM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsBuy This REIT For Its Dividend OnlyOHI• Yesterday, 10:05 AM • Jonathan Weber•59 CommentsAllianceBernstein Holding L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAB• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsAGNC Investment Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGNC• Yesterday, 9:22 AM • SA TranscriptsGreat Western Bancorp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGWB• Yesterday, 9:04 AM • SA TranscriptsLazard Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLAZ• Yesterday, 8:44 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentDividend Aristocrat On Sale, Yield 5.1%, Never Missed A Dividend Hike Since 1994Editors' Pick • SKT• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•87 CommentsAnother Value Trap ConundrumEditors' Pick • SBRA• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•62 CommentsDeutsche Bank AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDB• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • SA TranscriptsDynex Capital Gets Discounted For Being RealisticDX• Yesterday, 5:27 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•4 CommentsI Put In An Order For AGNCP'S 7.96% Dividend Yield Preferred ShareAGNC• Yesterday, 4:30 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•11 CommentsWestpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•8 CommentsTembec Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMBCF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:38 PM • SA TranscriptsXL Group plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXL• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA TranscriptsLegg Mason Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLM• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • Maks F. S.•4 CommentsDiscover Financial Services 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDFS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•45 CommentsIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Samantha Hendrie•2 Comments123456...659Next Page











Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit Llc 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit Llc 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC 10-Q Date: 11/3/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day

















 












 

The Team































Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          
































   Print
									





								The Team
							










Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) serves as investment adviser to Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.
The GSAM Private Credit Group is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring investments and monitoring and servicing investments.
We benefit from Goldman Sachs’ extensive network of relationships, leading institutional infrastructure and a tremendous amount of in-house industry knowledge and experience.
Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our independent Board of Directors.







	            
	            
	        
	        Executives
	        


	            
	        
	        Board of Directors
	        





 Brendan McGovern
Chief Executive Officer and President
Mr. McGovern was appointed as our chief executive officer and president in March 2013. Mr. McGovern heads GSAM’s Private Credit Group and also serves as co-head and senior portfolio manager of the GSAM Credit Alternatives portfolio management team. He is also the Chair and a voting member of the Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. Mr. McGovern joined the firm in 2006. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. McGovern served as a managing director in the Global Investment Group at Amaranth Advisors, where he co-headed the fund’s private placement efforts for both debt and equity linked products in the United States. He is also on the Board of Directors for the Oxalosis and Hyperoxaluria Foundation.





 Jon Yoder
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Yoder was appointed as our chief operating officer in March 2013. Mr. Yoder is a member of GSAM’s Private Credit Group with a focus on sourcing, structuring and executing privately negotiated debt financings. He is also a voting member of the Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. Mr. Yoder joined the firm in 2005. Prior to joining the firm, he was a member of the mergers and acquisitions and private equity groups at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, LLP.





 Jonathan Lamm
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Mr. Lamm was appointed as our chief financial officer and treasurer in March 2013. Mr. Lamm is also chief operating officer of the GSAM Credit Alternatives portfolio management team, responsible for the operations of the business, including business financials, infrastructure support, and IT project management, as well as the continuous improvement of the control environment. Mr. Lamm is secretary and a non-voting member of the Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. He joined the firm in 2002. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Lamm worked in the securities audit practice at Deloitte and Touche LLP.





 Maya Teufel
Chief Compliance Officer
Ms. Teufel was appointed as our chief compliance officer in December 2016. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. in September 2016, she was, from November 2013 to August 2016, the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Emerging Global Advisors, LLC (currently part of Ameriprise Financial). While at Emerging Global Advisors, Ms. Teufel also held the position of fund chief compliance officer from October 2015 to August 2016. Prior to joining Emerging Global Advisors, she was, from July 2005 to November 2013, Vice President, Corporate Counsel at Prudential Insurance Company of America, a subsidiary of Prudential Financial Inc., an insurance and financial services company. Prior to Prudential, Ms. Teufel was an associate in the mergers and acquisitions groups of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.





 Salvatore Lentini
Executive Vice President
Mr. Lentini was appointed as an executive vice president of the Company in March 2013. Mr. Lentini is co-head and senior portfolio manager of the GSAM Credit Alternatives portfolio management team and also serves as its head of liquid credit and trading. Mr. Lentini is also a voting member of Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. Mr. Lentini joined the firm in 2006. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Lentini was a managing director in the Global Investments Group at Amaranth Advisors, where he was responsible for trading all credit products within the United States. Before joining Amaranth, he was responsible for trading high yield and crossover debt at the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS). Earlier, Mr. Lentini traded high yield fixed income for PaineWebber.





 Scott Turco
Executive Vice President
Mr. Turco was appointed as an executive vice president of the Company in February 2015. Mr. Turco is a member of the GSAM Private Credit Group with a focus on sourcing, structuring and executing privately negotiated debt financings. He is also a voting member of the Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. Prior to joining the GSAM Private Credit Group, Mr. Turco was a Director at THL Credit, Inc., where he focused on sourcing and underwriting investments across the capital structure of middle-market public and private companies. Before THL Credit, Mr. Turco was an associate at Gabelli & Company, Inc., where he was responsible for originating, researching and advising hedge fund, mutual fund and private equity clients on equity and preferred equity investments in public and private companies.





 David Yu
Executive Vice President and Head of Research
Mr. Yu was appointed as an executive vice president of the Company in March 2013. Mr. Yu is a member of the GSAM Private Credit Group with a focus on sourcing, structuring and executing privately negotiated debt financings and serves as its Head of Research. Mr. Yu is a voting member of the Private Credit Group’s Investment Committee, which is responsible for evaluating and approving all of the Company’s investments. Mr. Yu joined the firm in 2006. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Yu was an associate in the Global Investments Group at Amaranth Advisors, where he similarly worked with public and private issuers to structure and execute debt and equity financings. Prior to joining Amaranth, he worked in the Leveraged Finance and Sponsor Coverage Group at CIBC World Markets.




























































  


				Email
				

					Note: Separate multiple email addresses with a comma or semicolon.
				














						Your Name
					



						Your Email Address
					







Send

					Send
				 






						Send me a copy
					













Goldman Sachs BDC: Conflicts Of Interest Analyzed - Goldman Sachs BDC (NYSE:GSBD) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Goldman Sachs BDC: Conflicts Of Interest AnalyzedMar. 6.17 | About: Goldman Sachs (GSBD) Nicholas Marshi Debt, value, non-investment grade debt, registered investment advisorMarketplaceBDC Reporter Daily NewsSummaryGoldman Sachs BDC's stock price has performed very well since the BDC went public two years ago, but no new equity has been raised at the premium available.We examine if GSBD's slow growth may lie in Goldman Capital's ambitions to have multiple funds under its management in the middle market, at the expense of its public BDC.The BDC Reporter lists out the many conflicts between GSBD's external manager and its shareholders that may result in lower than optimal returns over time, or even a catastrophe. BACKGROUND: Goldman Sachs BDC (NYSE:GSBD) is the most recent public Business Development Company in the market, going public just two years ago at a price of $20.0. From a stock price standpoint, GSBD has been a remarkable success both in the current "bull market" and in the prior period when BDC values suffered. As the chart below - extracted from the latest 10-K shows - GSBD has traded at or above its Net Asset Value Per Share most of the time since going public, and never dropping (at quarter's end) more than (8%) behind book value. 

 In recent quarters, with the BDC leveraged at or close to its self imposed asset coverage limits, the price premium to NAV has reached record levels as the stock chart above illustrates, even if actual financial performance has flattened out and risk has increased (the subject of our next article). A few days ago, the stock reached a price of $25.25, a whopping 38% premium to 4Q 2016 Net Asset Value Per Share. DREAMER The BDC Reporter - and others we've talked to - have been surprised that GSBD (unlike other BDCs that trade consistently at a premium to book like Main Street Capital, Golub Capital, Triangle Capital and Hercules Capital) has not taken advantage of investor enthusiasm for the BDC to issue new shares at a very accretive premium, and continue to expand its middle market lending footprint. In one way, GSBD's apparent caution or conservatism about growth appears almost laudable. Perhaps the external manager is reading the BDC Reporter and heeding our misgivings about BDCs growing assets in an environment of increasingly thin spreads, weak covenants and higher borrower leverage (all of which GSBD is affected by as a review of the 10-K will show)? MIDDLE MARKET BELIEVER However, that's unlikely, and as we'll see below, the Goldman (NYSE:GS) parent has not been shy to add middle market loan assets elsewhere in the system. Nor is it that Goldman believes that the BDC has reached its natural limits. In fact, as GSBD points out at one point in the 10-K, the overall market for middle market lending - as defined by Goldman - is seen as huge: According to the National Center for the Middle Market and the CIA World Fact Book, the U.S. middle market is comprised of approximately 200,000 companies that collectively generate revenues of more than $10.00 trillion annually. The U.S. middle market represents nearly 33% of private sector gross domestic product, or equivalent to the world's third largest global economy on a stand-alone basis.   So, is it market prudence and concern for long-term shareholder value that has been kept from the famously ambitious Goldman organization from growing its public BDC, or are there other factors at work? Of course, no one at GSBD is commenting on the subject. For all we know when we look up from the keyboard we'll find that a secondary offering has just been announced. However, the BDC Reporter does have a suspicion - discussed below - why GSAM (the external manager of GSBD) has been a shrinking violet in terms of growth, and worries about the future too. 

  Goldman Sachs BDC: Analysis Of Conflicts Of Interest Disclosures TINY FISH IN A HUGE POND    "The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it's everywhere. The world's most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money." - journalist Matt Taibbi, profiling the bank for Rolling Stone magazine in 2009  Despite the famous quote above, the GSAM organization responsible for middle market lending is a tiny cog in the Goldman Sachs asset management machine. According to the 10-K, Goldman has 750 professionals managing $1.2 trillion of assets worldwide. See page 11. By contrast, GSAM, which is responsible for GSBD, consists of just 17 individuals. The 5-member senior team, from whence the Investment Committee is drawn, have been together for 17 years. To compare and contrast, internally managed Triangle Capital (NYSE:TCAP), which manages a similar dollar value portfolio, has a 26-person team. Both organizations self originate the bulk of their loans and lend to companies of roughly similar EBITDA levels (TCAP is moving up the size scale and GSBD down). That's a pretty small investment group and probably reflects the fact that Goldman is a relatively late entrant to the middle market lending business, despite its famous name. NOT MUCH GOING ON Certainly, the external manager has been able to barely increase portfolio size since going public. Last year, total portfolio assets at cost increased just $90 million. Take out the increased investment in the JV (which buys lower risk-lower return and more liquid loans for much larger sized companies than the on-balance sheet portfolio) loan assets increased less than $60 million. Since December 2014, when GSBD was still private, its non JV assets have increased only 7%. WE'VE BEEN BUSY-ELSEWHERE One possible reason why - which is mentioned in the 10-K in the section where shareholders are warned about the risks they face (and which - ironically - is the least read portion of the annual filing because of its long iteration of undifferentiated risk, some a clear and present danger and some as frequent as a black swan) - is that GSAM is otherwise engaged. As the extract from the 10-K shows, GSAM is managing two other Business Development Companies: Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC ("GS PMMC") and Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. ("GS MMLC"). These are non-traded BDCs, a highly profitable (for the investment advisors and investment bankers associated) sub-segment of the BDC market which only gets fitful attention from the financial press, which is fixated on companies which have a ticker symbol. 

 SPELLED OUT The shareholders of GSBD, therefore, have to vie for attention with two other BDC funds with identical objectives in a leveraged loan market already flooded with competitors and a paucity of "good deals", if the complaints of most every BDC on most every Conference Call are to be believed. Of course, GSBD's shareholders pay the same management fee even if their external manager is otherwise engaged much of the time. Furthermore, GSAM's multi-tasking also creates a host of conflict of interest issues which the 10-K both describes and seeks to diminish the risk of. In the 10-K, there are 35 different risks called out relating to GSBD's "Business and Structure". We counted 8 different times these carefully constructed filings, which are typically penned and reviewed by crack corporate attorneys, mentioned conflicts of interest that might affect GSBD's shareholders. We thought it the BDC Reporter's duty to bring some of those jeremiads to our readers' attention. GOT A BETTER DEAL OVER THERE The economics of the different funds may cause deals to be pushed away from GSBD, as this extract explains: 

 

 SORRY, THEY GOT HERE FIRST Or, there will not be enough loan assets generated for everyone in the Goldman family as this next extract says: 

 Or, Goldman could already be a lender or investor in a prospective borrower, which would cause obvious conflicts with GSBD or just may keep the Investment Advisor from even considering booking the investment in the public BDC: 

 Further down the 10-K (page 43), this warning is offered up: 

 REMEMBER THE FINANCIAL CRISIS. GOLDMAN DOES. At some point in the future, the very fact that GSBD has Goldman in its name could affect the BDC's investments, strategy and approach or even the continuance of GSAM as its external manager. Goldman reserves the right to satisfy the demands made by its regulators, even if at the expense of GSBD and its shareholders. Read the third paragraph for a preview of a Worst Case scenario in a 2009-like situation. 

 There are other conflicts besides these, but we don't want to make this article any longer than it already is, but we recommend any shareholder (existing or prospective) to read all the risk disclosures to get the full picture. GOLDMAN SAYS Of course, both in the 10-K and on its Conference Call, the Investment Advisor promised to mitigate the risks of GSAM's multiple fund ownership by setting up fair procedures for allocating loans. In fact, management is making the argument that the exemptive relief received in January 2017 that will allow different Goldman managed BDC funds (including GSBD) to co-invest together will be a plus for all concerned. Moreover, management promises that having three funds to allocate loans to will not cause the external manager to deviate from its current target sized borrower or transaction type, but will make Goldman more competitive when seeking to be chosen as the lender on transactions. ANOTHER EXTRACT FROM THE 10-K Every reader can draw their own conclusions, but the BDC Reporter noted that the process used to appropriately allocate transactions could sometimes result in GSBD losing out on some good loan investments if they happened not to be the next recipient in GSAM's rotation: 

 

 BDC Reporter's View NOW, LATER AND ONE DAY As we've said, some risks may result in short-term impact, some may not play out for years and some none at all. In this case, we believe all 3 versions apply. It's quite possible that GSBD's failure to take advantage of its hot stock price and opportunity to raise new capital very accretively (which could be a boon for existing shareholders) is already the result of some of the conflicts of interest highlighted above. Goldman might be spending more time and effort on its other funds due to better advisor economics or as part of a strategic attempt to build up its non-traded BDC presence (many of its investment banking/asset management peers are active in that less publicized segment of the market and Goldman does not like to give up a market without a fight). That's a matter of opportunity lost, which existing shareholders who've benefited from the two-year stock price surge may not be concerned with. Further down the road, GSBD may fail to garner the optimal transactions in its segment because of the appetites of the other funds, and the need to provide all Goldman's investors with a fair shake. Or worse, quietly and unprovably, the "better deals" might slip out from GSBD's grasp and into the non-traded funds or other credit vehicles GSAM might be put in charge of. Supply and demand, you know. However, shareholders in the future may be happy to get what they can from GSAM, even if theoretically sub-optimal. Finally, the vaunted parentage of GSBD, which may or may not account for the great premium the public BDC enjoys (though we can also point to a decent management fee; a better than average Incentive Fee; a lower-than-most debt to equity and a stable distribution), could become a deadly liability. A series of Very Bad Things would have to happen, but Goldman's decision to be both a bank and an asset manager (we are simplifying a very complicated subject) could backfire on GSBD's shareholders at the worst possible time in the next recession, or if there is a regulatory blow-out of some kind in the future. In a world with many risks for BDCs, this is one that applies only at GSBD, even if it is unlikely ever to be faced. NOT THE RIGHT THING TO DO From the BDC Reporter's perspective, none of these risks and conflicts of interest taken separately or together are reason enough to avoid the stock. However, we can't help feeling that Goldman - in its impetus to maximize its own income and continue the industry-wide mad rush to increase assets under management in the credit space - has left GSBD's shareholders with only a part time external manager; a hand brake activated on value creation and a continuous question mark about what might or might not be happening behind the scenes. This is not different from a great number of BDCs part of asset management organizations with multiple tentacles (a frequent object of complaint by the BDC Reporter), but does not make it right. Of course, in this very forgiving environment for BDC stocks (what a difference a year makes!), Goldman will be able to walk through the rain and not get wet. Only time will tell if the BDC underperforms in the years ahead and whether the root cause will be attributable to this conflicted approach. 

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandTagged: FinancialWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Nicholas Marshi and get email alerts










Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC filed form 10-K


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology














        Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC filed form 10-K    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Feb 28, 2017                         - SEC                

          Form 10-K      




              Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] View Full Filing            




Sign up for unrestricted access to 200+ subscription services. 









                                    By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,  and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions.
                                




                        Already have an account?  Click here to login.


RelSci News & Alerts gets you:

10 free articles a month from top subscription outlets like the Financial Times, New York Times, and Washington Post
Competitive business intelligence through daily data updates
Custom feeds on target high-value individuals, companies, industries, and topics delivered straight to your inbox







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC







Hedge Funds







Board and Executive Moves in Hedge Funds







Alumni of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC




Create your own custom news feed 




Mentioned Entities




                          Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC                      



See how you can reach these people and organizations 










You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit Llc Second Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated As Of November 1, 2016 - Llc Operating Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated as of November 1, 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit Llc Second Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated As Of November 1, 2016
LLC Operating Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated as of November 1, 2016 Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 11/3/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 3.2
 









CONFIDENTIAL


  


Limited
Liability Company Agreement





GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE
MARKET

CREDIT LLC

Second Amended and
Restated

Limited Liability Company
Agreement

Dated as of November 1,
2016



GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE
MARKET CREDIT LLC

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 












ARTICLE 1 —
DEFINITIONS


  


 



1


  









1.1 Definitions


  


 



1


  









ARTICLE 2 —
ORGANIZATION; POWERS


  


 



1


  









2.1 Formation of Limited
Liability Company


  


 



1


  





2.1.1 Formation


  


 



1


  





2.1.2 Admission


  


 



1


  





2.1.3 Name


  


 



1


  





2.1.4 Address


  


 



2


  









2.2 Purpose;
Powers


  


 



2


  









ARTICLE 3 — MEMBERS,
VOTING, AND CONSENTS


  


 



2


  









3.1 Names, Addresses and
Subscriptions


  


 



2


  









3.2 Status of
Members


  


 



2


  





3.2.1 Limited Liability


  


 



2


  





3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or
Bankruptcy


  


 



2


  





3.2.3 No Control of Company


  


 



3


  





3.2.4 Dual Status


  


 



3


  









3.3 Initial Member; Withdrawal
Rights of Initial Member


  


 



3


  









3.4 Admission of New
Members


  


 



3


  





3.4.1 Initial Closing Date


  


 



3


  





3.4.2 Subsequent Closings


  


 



3


  





3.4.3 Drawdowns


  


 



5


  









3.5 Management and Control of
Company


  


 



5


  





3.5.1 Board of Directors


  


 



5


  





3.5.2 Committees of Board of Directors


  


 



7


  





3.5.3 Management by the Board


  


 



9


  





3.5.4 Powers of Board


  


 



9


  





3.5.5 Related Party Transactions


  


 



10


  









3.6 Activities of
Members


  


 



10


  









3.7 Meetings of
Members


  


 



11


  





3.7.1 Place of Meetings


  


 



11


  





3.7.2 Meetings


  


 



11


  





3.7.3 Business at Meetings


  


 



11


  





3.7.4 Quorum; Adjournments


  


 



11


  









3.8 Waiver of
Notice


  


 



11


  









3.9 Member Voting and
Consents


  


 



12


  









ARTICLE 4 —INVESTMENTS
AND ACTIVITIES


  


 



12


  









4.1 Investment
Objectives


  


 



12


  




 
-i-














4.2 Borrowing


  


 



12


  





4.2.1 General


  


 



12


  





4.2.2 Member Acknowledgements


  


 



14


  





4.2.3 Beneficiary Rights


  


 



14


  









4.3 Preferred
Units


  


 



14


  









4.4 Distributions;
Recycling


  


 



14


  





4.4.1 Distributions


  


 



14


  





4.4.2 Returns of Capital Contributions


  


 



15


  





4.4.3 Recycling


  


 



15


  









ARTICLE 5 — FEES AND
EXPENSES; ADVISORY AGREEMENT


  


 



15


  









5.1 Company
Expenses


  


 



15


  









5.2 Investment Advisory
Agreement


  


 



16


  









ARTICLE 6 — CAPITAL OF
THE COMPANY


  


 



16


  









6.1 Obligation to
Contribute


  


 



16


  





6.1.1 General


  


 



16


  





6.1.2 Investment Period


  


 



16


  





6.1.3 No Interest


  


 



17


  









6.2 Failure To Make Required
Payment


  


 



17


  





6.2.1 Default


  


 



17


  









ARTICLE 7 — DURATION OF
THE COMPANY


  


 



18


  









7.1 Term and Termination of the
Company


  


 



18


  









7.2 Sale or Merger


  


 



18


  









ARTICLE 8 — LIQUIDATION
OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION


  


 



18


  









8.1 General


  


 



18


  









8.2 Liquidating Distributions;
Priority


  


 



18


  









8.3 Duration of
Liquidation


  


 



19


  









8.4 Liability for
Returns


  


 



19


  









8.5 Post-Dissolution Investments
and Drawdowns


  


 



19


  









ARTICLE 9 — LIMITATIONS
ON TRANSFERS OF UNITS; REQUIRED TRANSFERS


  


 



19


  









9.1 Transfers of
Units


  


 



19


  





9.1.1 General


  


 



19


  





9.1.2 Consent of Company


  


 



20


  





9.1.3 Required Representations by Parties


  


 



20


  





9.1.4 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences


  


 



20


  





9.1.5 Required Transfers


  


 



20


  





9.1.6 Opinion of Counsel


  


 



20


  





9.1.7 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses


  


 



21


  









9.2 Admission of Substituted
Members


  


 



21


  





9.2.1 General


  


 



21


  




 
-ii-














9.2.2 Effect of Admission


  


 



21


  





9.2.3 Non-Compliant Transfer


  


 



21


  









ARTICLE 10 —LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION


  


 



22


  









10.1 Limitation of
Liability


  


 



22


  









10.2
Indemnification


  


 



22


  









10.3 Right to Advancement of
Expenses


  


 



22


  









10.4 Right to Indemnified Person
to Bring Suit


  


 



22


  









10.5 Indemnification Not
Exclusive


  


 



23


  









10.6 Company Obligations;
Reliance


  


 



24


  









10.7 Nature of
Rights


  


 



24


  









10.8 Insurance


  


 



25


  









10.9 Limitation by
Law


  


 



25


  









ARTICLE 11 —
AMENDMENTS


  


 



25


  









11.1 Amendments


  


 



25


  





11.1.1 By Consent


  


 



25


  





11.1.2 Without Consent


  


 



25


  





11.1.3 Consent to Amend Special Provisions


  


 



26


  









ARTICLE 12 —
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS


  


 



26


  









12.1 Keeping of Accounts and
Records; Certificate of Formation; Administrator


  


 



26


  





12.1.1 Accounts and Records


  


 



26


  





12.1.2 Certificate of Conversion and
Formation


  


 



27


  





12.1.3 Administrator


  


 



27


  









12.2 Inspection
Rights


  


 



27


  









12.3 Valuation


  


 



27


  









12.4 Notices


  


 



27


  









12.5 Accounting
Provisions


  


 



28


  





12.5.1 Fiscal Year


  


 



28


  





12.5.2 Independent Auditors


  


 



28


  









12.6 Tax
Provisions


  


 



28


  





12.6.1 Classification of the Company as Corporation for
Tax Purposes


  


 



28


  





12.6.2 RIC Requirements


  


 



28


  





12.6.3 Tax Information


  


 



28


  









12.7 General
Provisions


  


 



29


  





12.7.1 Power of Attorney


  


 



29


  





12.7.2 Binding on Successors


  


 



30


  





12.7.3 Governing Law


  


 



30


  





12.7.4 Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of
Jury Trial


  


 



30


  





12.7.5 Waiver of Partition


  


 



30


  





12.7.6 Securities Law Matters


  


 



31


  




 
-iii-














12.7.7 Confidentiality


  


 



31


  





12.7.8 Compliance with Laws


  


 



33


  





12.7.9 Fixing the Record Date


  


 



33


  





12.7.10 Notices to Members


  


 



34


  





12.7.11 Contract Construction; Headings;
Counterparts


  


 



34


  









ARTICLE 13 —
RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN INVESTORS


  


 



34


  









13.1 ERISA Members


  


 



34


  





Signature Pages of
Members
 









Appendix I


  


Definitions








Appendix II


  


Member
Acknowledgments








Schedule
A


  


Schedule of
Directors








Schedule
B


  


Schedule of
Officers








Exhibit
1


  


Investment
Advisory Agreement




 
-iv-



GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE
MARKET CREDIT LLC

S ECOND A MENDED AND R ESTATED L IMITED L IABILITY C OMPANY A GREEMENT

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this “ Agreement
”) of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the
“ Company ”), is entered into as of November 1,
2016, by and among those Persons who have entered into Subscription
Agreements with the Company for the purchase of common units of
limited liability company interests (collectively, the “
Common Units ”) in the Company. This Agreement
amends and restates in its entirety the First Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of
June 17, 2016.

ARTICLE 1 —
DEFINITIONS

1.1 D EFINITIONS .

Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in
Appendix I hereto.  Appendix I also indicates
other sections of this Agreement in which certain other terms used
in this Agreement are defined.

ARTICLE 2 — ORGANIZATION;
POWERS

2.1 F ORMATION OF L IMITED L IABILITY C OMPANY . 

2.1.1 Formation.

The Company was formed as a limited
partnership on December 23, 2015 and converted to a limited
liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act
(6 Del. C. §18-214, et seq.) (as amended from time to time,
the “ Delaware Act ”) pursuant to a Certificate
of Conversion from a Limited Partnership to a Limited Liability
Company and Certificate of Formation of the Company, which were
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April
4, 2016 (as amended from time to time hereafter, the “
Certificate ”).

2.1.2 Admission.

Each Person who is to be admitted as
a Member pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement
by, and shall be admitted to the Company as a Member upon,
executing a Subscription Agreement or other written document
pursuant to which such Person agrees to become a Member and be
bound by this Agreement following the Company’s acceptance of
such document, and a counterpart signature page to this Agreement,
which shall not require the consent or approval of any other
Member. The Company shall make any necessary filings with the
appropriate governmental authorities and take such actions as are
necessary under applicable law to effectuate such
admission. Each such agreement and/or document described in
this 2.1.2 may be executed on behalf of a Member by an authorized
representative of the Company, as attorney-in-fact for such Member,
with the same force and effect as if executed directly by the
Member.

2.1.3 Name.

The name of the Company is
“Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit
LLC.”


2.1.4 Address.

The Company shall maintain a
registered office at c/o Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange
Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The principal place of
business of the Company shall be 200 West Street, New York, New
York 10282-2198, or such other place as the Company may determine
from time to time. The name and address of the Company’s
registered agent is Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, Delaware 19801.

2.2 P URPOSE ; P OWERS .

In furtherance of the investment
objectives of the Company, the Company may engage in any lawful act
or activity for which limited liability companies may be formed
under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall have all the
powers available to it as a limited liability company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE 3 — MEMBERS,
VOTING, AND CONSENTS

3.1 N AMES , A DDRESSES AND S UBSCRIPTIONS .

The name, address and e-mail
address, the number and class of Units held and the Commitment and
Undrawn Commitment of each Member are set forth in the books and
records of the Company. The Company shall maintain such books
and records in a manner consistent with this Agreement and shall
cause such books and records to be revised to reflect (a) the
admission of any additional or substituted Member occurring
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (b) the withdrawal, or
partial withdrawal, of any Member pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, (c) any change in the identity, address or e-mail
address of a Member, or (d) any changes in the number of Units
owned, the Member’s Commitment or Undrawn Commitment
occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

3.2 S TATUS OF M EMBERS .

3.2.1 Limited
Liability.

No Member or former Member (as
defined below), in its capacity as such, shall be liable for any of
the debts, liabilities or obligations of the Company except as
provided in 3.2.1 and to the extent otherwise required by
law. Each Member and former Member shall be required to pay to
the Company (a) any Commitments that it has agreed to make to the
Company pursuant to this Agreement and the applicable Subscription
Agreement; (b) the amount of any distribution that it is required
to return to the Company pursuant to this Agreement (including
4.4.2) or the Delaware Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other
payments that it is expressly required to make to the Company
pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to the applicable
Subscription Agreement, as the case may be.

As used in this Agreement,
“former Members” refers to such Persons who hereafter,
from time to time, cease to be Members pursuant to the terms and
provisions of this Agreement.

3.2.2 Effect of Death,
Dissolution or Bankruptcy.

Upon the death, incompetence,
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Member, the
rights and obligations of such Member under this Agreement, to the
maximum extent permitted by law, shall inure to the benefit of, and
shall be binding upon, such Member’s successor(s), estate or
legal
 
-2-


representative. Each such Person shall be
treated as provided in the second sentence of 9.2.2 unless and
until such Person is admitted as a substituted Member pursuant to
9.2. Any Transfer of the Units so acquired by such successor,
estate or legal representative shall be subject to the requirements
of Article 9.

3.2.3 No Control of
Company.

Except as otherwise provided herein,
no Member shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw its
contribution to the capital of the Company or reduce its
Commitment; (b) to the maximum extent permitted by law, cause the
dissolution and winding up of the Company or (c) demand property in
return for its capital contributions. No Member, in its
capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs
of the Company, undertake any transactions on behalf of the
Company, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the
Company.

3.2.4 Dual Status.

A Member may hold both Common Units
and, if issued, Preferred Units. A Member who holds both
Common Units and Preferred Units shall be treated separately as a
Common Unitholder with respect to its Common Units and as a
Preferred Unitholder with respect to its Preferred Units, except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement.

3.3 I NITIAL M EMBER ; W ITHDRAWAL R IGHTS OF I NITIAL M EMBER .
 



 


(a)


As of the date
of this Agreement, the Initial Member has made an initial capital
contribution to the Company in such amount as is set forth in the
Company’s records.



 



 


(b)


On the Initial
Drawdown Date, the Initial Member shall redeem its interests in the
Company for an aggregate redemption price equal to the Initial
Member’s initial capital contribution to the
Company.



 



 


(c)


Pursuant to
this Agreement, each Member, including each Common Unitholder,
acquiring Common Units, grants its consent to the Initial Member
redeeming its interests from the Company in accordance with the
terms in this 3.3.




3.4 A DMISSION OF N EW M EMBERS ; C OMMITMENTS .

3.4.1 Initial Closing
Date

Common Unitholders acquiring Common
Units will each enter into a Subscription Agreement pursuant to
which the Common Unitholder will agree to purchase Common Units for
an aggregate purchase price equal to the portion of its requested
capital commitment to the Company that is accepted by the Company
(its “ Commitment ”), subject to this
Agreement.

3.4.2 Subsequent
Closings.

The Company may hold a limited
number of closings subsequent to the Initial Closing Date (each
date on which a subsequent closing is held, a “ Subsequent
Closing Date ”) on or prior to the Final Closing
Date. Upon or following the acceptance of a Common
Unitholder’s Commitment on any Subsequent Closing Date, such
Common Unitholder shall be required to purchase from the Company,
on no less than 5 Business Days’ prior notice, a number of
Common Units with an aggregate purchase price
 
-3-


necessary to ensure that, upon payment of the
aggregate purchase price for such Units by the Common Unitholder,
such Common Unitholder’s Net Contributed Capital Percentage
shall be equal to the Net Contributed Capital Percentage of each
prior Common Unitholder (other than any Defaulting Unitholders or
Common Unitholders that subscribed on prior Subsequent Closing
Dates and have not yet funded the Adjusted Purchase Price) (the
“ Adjusted Purchase Price ”). Such Common
Units may be required to be purchased on any date on or following
the applicable Subsequent Closing Date and on or prior to the next
Drawdown Date (any such date, a “ Catch-Up Date
”). Any Common Unitholder increasing its Commitment on
any Subsequent Closing Date shall be treated as it were making a
new Commitment to the Company.

Upon payment of the Adjusted
Purchase Price by an applicable Common Unitholder on a Catch-Up
Date, the Company shall issue to such Common Unitholder a number of
Common Units determined by dividing (x) the Adjusted Purchase
Price for such Common Unitholder, minus the Organizational
Expense Allocation by (y) the then-current NAV per
Unit. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Catch-Up
Date and a Drawdown Date occur on the same calendar day, such
Catch-Up Date (and the application of the provisions of this 3.4.2)
shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to the relevant
Drawdown Date.

“ Net Contributed
Capital ” means (i) the aggregate amount of capital
contributions that have been made by all Common Unitholders in
respect of their Common Units to the Company, less (ii) the
aggregate amount of distributions categorized as Returned Capital
made by the Company to all Common Unitholders in respect of their
Common Units. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Contributed
Capital shall not take into account distributions of the
Company’s investment income (i.e. proceeds received in
respect of interest payments, dividends or fees) to the Common
Unitholders. Net Contributed Capital with respect to a Common
Unitholder shall be calculated on the basis of such Common
Unitholder’s capital contributions and distributions made to
such Common Unitholder categorized as Returned Capital.

“ Net Contributed Capital
Percentage ” means, with respect to a Common Unitholder,
the percentage determined by dividing such Common
Unitholder’s Net Contributed Capital by such Common
Unitholder’s Commitment.

“ Organizational Expense
Allocation ” means, with respect to an investor, the
product obtained by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of
which is such investor’s Commitment and the denominator of
which is the total Commitments received by the Company to date
(including such investor’s Commitment), by (ii) the lesser of
(a) a dollar amount equal to $500,000, and (b) the total amount of
Organizational Expenses incurred by the Company.

“ Organizational
Expenses ” shall mean expenses incurred in respect of
legal services pertaining to the organization and formation of the
Company, the drafting of this Agreement, any administration,
custody and transfer agent agreements, the performance of any
research and consultation services in connection with the initial
meeting of Directors, and audit fees relating to the initial
registration statement and auditing the initial seed capital
statement of assets and liabilities.

At each Drawdown Date following any
Subsequent Closing Date, all Common Unitholders, including Common
Unitholders who entered into Subscription Agreements on such
Subsequent Closing Date, shall purchase Common Units in accordance
with the standard provisions for Drawdown Dates described in
3.4.3.
 
-4-


3.4.3 Drawdowns.

Common Unitholders agree to purchase
Common Units for an aggregate purchase price equal to their
respective Undrawn Commitments, payable at such times and in such
amounts as required by the Company following receipt of the
required notice, as described below. Each Common Unitholder
will be required to make capital contributions (up to the amount of
its Undrawn Commitment) to purchase Common Units each time the
Company delivers a drawdown notice, which will be delivered in
respect of such Commitment at least 5 Business Days prior to the
required funding date (a “ Drawdown Date
”). Each Common Unitholder and the Company agrees that
on each Drawdown Date, such Common Unitholder shall purchase from
the Company, and the Company shall issue to such Common Unitholder,
a number of Common Units equal to the Drawdown Unit Amount at an
aggregate price equal to the Drawdown Purchase Price; provided,
however, that in no circumstance will a Common Unitholder be
required to purchase Common Units for an amount in excess of its
Undrawn Commitment.

The obligation of Common Unitholders
to fund Undrawn Commitment is without defense, counterclaim or
offset of any kind.

“ Drawdown Purchase
Price ” shall mean, for each Drawdown Date with respect
to a Common Unitholder, an amount in U.S. dollars determined by
multiplying (i) the aggregate amount of Commitments being drawn
down by the Company from all Common Unitholders on that Drawdown
Date, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Undrawn
Commitment of such Common Unitholder and the denominator of which
is the aggregate Undrawn Commitments of all Common Unitholders that
are not Defaulting Unitholders.

“ Drawdown Unit Amount
” shall mean, for each Drawdown Date with respect to a Common
Unitholder, a number of Common Units determined by dividing (i) the
Drawdown Purchase Price for that Drawdown Date by (ii) the
applicable then-current NAV per Unit. The NAV per Unit for the
Initial Drawdown Date shall be deemed to be $100.

“ Undrawn Commitment
” shall mean, with respect to a Common Unitholder, the amount
of such Common Unitholder’s Commitment as of any date reduced
by the aggregate amount of contributions made by that Common
Unitholder at all previous Drawdown Dates and Catch-Up Dates, and
increased by the aggregate amount of Returned Capital received by
that Common Unitholder as set forth in 4.4.2.

For the avoidance of doubt,
“then-current NAV per Unit” as set forth in this 3.4
may consist of the NAV per Unit calculated at the end of the most
recent calendar month prior to the date of the applicable drawdown
notice or issuance date.

3.5 M ANAGEMENT AND C ONTROL OF C OMPANY .

3.5.1 Board of
Directors
 



 


(a)


The
Company’s board of directors (the “ Board of
Directors ” or the “ Board ”) will be
composed of eight directors (each, a “ Director
”), unless increased or decreased by a majority of the
Directors. Directors need not be Members. The Board shall
elect a Chair of the Board (the “ Chair of the Board
”), who shall have the powers and perform such duties as
provided in this Agreement and as the Board may from time to time
prescribe.



 
-5-





 


(b)


Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by the
Investment Company Act, at any time when there are outstanding
Preferred Units, the Preferred Unitholders shall have the right, as
a class, to elect (i) two additional Directors to the Board, but
shall not elect or vote for the other Directors, and (ii) if and
for so long as dividends on the Preferred Units are unpaid in an
amount equal to two full years of dividends on the Preferred Units,
a majority of the Directors, such majority to be achieved by adding
sufficient number of new Directors to the Board, all of whom are
elected by the Preferred Unitholders, who, together with the
Directors set forth in clause (i), will constitute a majority of
the Directors (such Directors under clause (i) or (ii), as
applicable, the “ Preferred Appointed Directors
”). In the event any Preferred Units are issued and
outstanding, the Preferred Unitholders shall be entitled to elect
the Preferred Appointed Directors at a meeting of the Unitholders,
which shall be called in the manner as provided in 3.7.



 



 


(c)


Regular
meetings of the Board may be held at such places and times as shall
be determined from time to time by the Board. Special meetings
of the Board may be called by the Chair of the Board or the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company (the “ Chief Executive
Officer ”), and shall be called by the Chief Executive
Officer or the Secretary of the Company (the “
Secretary ”) if directed by a majority of the
Directors then in office, and shall be at such places and times as
such Person(s) calling such meeting shall fix. Notice need not
be given of regular meetings of the Board. At least twenty
four (24) hours, or three (3) days if notice is mailed, before each
special meeting of the Board, either written notice, notice by
electronic transmission or oral notice (either in person or by
telephone) of the time, date and place of the meeting shall be
given to each Director. Unless otherwise indicated in the
notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special
meeting.



 



 


(d)


A majority of
the total number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided by law,
or by this Agreement, the act of a majority of the Directors
present (including Directors present by telephone or other
electronic means, unless the Investment Company Act requires that a
particular action be taken only at a meeting of the Board in
person) at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act
of the Board. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the
Directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting to another time
and place. Notice of such adjourned meeting need not be given
if the time and place of such adjourned meeting are announced at
the meeting so adjourned.



 



 


(e)


Unless
otherwise restricted by this Agreement, any one or more members of
the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of
the Board or such committee by means of a conference telephone or
other communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each
other. Participation by such means shall constitute presence
in person at a meeting.



 



 


(f)


Unless
otherwise restricted by this Agreement, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of
the Board or any committee thereof, as the case may be, consent
thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing
or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed
in the minutes of proceedings of the Board; provided, however, that
this shall not apply to any action of the Board that requires the
vote of the Directors to be cast in person at a meeting pursuant to
the Investment Company Act.



 
-6-





 


(g)


As of the date
of this Agreement, the names of Directors are set forth on
Schedule A . Each Director will hold office until his
or her death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or
removal.



 



 


(h)


A majority of
the Directors will at all times consist of Directors who are not
“interested persons” (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of
the Investment Company Act) (the “ Independent
Directors ”).



 



 


(i)


A Director may
resign from the Board at any time upon notice given in writing or
by electronic transmission to the Board, the Chair of the Board,
the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. The resignation
shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time is
specified, at the time of its receipt. The acceptance of a
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless
otherwise expressly provided in the resignation. Any or all of
the Directors may be removed only for cause and only by the
affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the
then-outstanding Units of the Company, voting together as a single
class, provided that any or all of the Preferred Appointed
Directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative
vote of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the
then-outstanding Preferred Units of the Company.



 



 


(j)


Except as
otherwise provided by applicable law, including the Investment
Company Act, any newly created directorship on the Board that
results from an increase in the number of Directors, and any
vacancy occurring in the Board that results from the death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal of a Director
or other cause, shall be filled exclusively by the affirmative vote
of a majority of the remaining Directors in office, although less
than a quorum, or by a sole remaining Director. Any Director
elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold
office for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in
which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected
and qualified, or until his or her death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or removal.



 



 


(k)


Subject to the
limitations of Section 17(h) of the Investment Company Act, a
member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the
Board shall, in the performance of such person’s duties, be
fully protected in relying in good faith upon records of the
Company and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements
presented to the Company by any of the Company’s officers or
employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to
matters the member reasonably believes are within such other
person’s professional or expert competence and who has been
selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the
Company.




3.5.2 Committees of Board of
Directors
 



 


(a)


The Board may
designate one or more committees, including but not limited to an
Audit Committee (the “ Audit Committee ”), a
Governance and Nominating Committee (the “ Governance and
Nominating Committee ”), a Compliance Committee (the
“ Compliance Committee ”) and a Contract Review
Committee (the “ Contract Review Committee ”),
each such committee to consist of one or more of the Directors of
the Company.



 
-7-





 


(b)


The Audit
Committee will be responsible for overseeing matters relating to
the appointment and activities of our auditors, audit plans and
procedures, various accounting and financial reporting issues and
changes in accounting policies, and reviewing the results and scope
of the audit and other services provided by our independent public
accountants. The Audit Committee will also be responsible for
aiding the Board in fair value pricing debt and equity securities
that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are
not readily available. A member of the Audit Committee will be
designated by the Board as an “audit committee financial
expert” under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “ SEC ”). Each member of
the Audit Committee shall be an Independent Director.



 



 


(c)


The Governance
and Nominating Committee will be responsible for identifying,
researching and nominating Independent Directors for selection by
the Board (and, election by the Preferred Unitholders, if
applicable), when necessary, selecting nominees to fill vacancies
on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, developing and
recommending to the Board of Directors a set of corporate
governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board of
Directors and the Company’s management. Each member of
the Governance and Nominating Committee shall be an Independent
Director.



 



 


(d)


The Compliance
Committee will be responsible for overseeing the Company’s
compliance, and insofar as they relate to services provided to the
Company, the compliance processes of the Investment Adviser, the
Placement Agents, the Administrator and the transfer agent, except
to the extent compliance processes relate to accounting and
financial reporting processes and certain related matters and are
overseen by the Audit Committee. The Compliance Committee will
also provide assistance to the Board of Directors with respect to
compliance matters. Each member of the Compliance Committee
shall be an Independent Director.



 



 


(e)


The Contract
Review Committee will be responsible for overseeing the processes
of the Board of Directors, for reviewing and monitoring performance
under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Company’s
placement agency, transfer agency and certain other agreements with
the Investment Adviser and its affiliates. The Contract Review
Committee shall also provide appropriate assistance to the Board of
Directors in connection with the Board of Director’s
approval, oversight and review of the Company’s other service
providers, including its custodian/accounting agent, sub-transfer
agents, professional (legal and accounting) firms and printing
firms. Each member of the Contract Review Committee shall be
an Independent Director.



 



 


(f)


Any such committee, to the extent provided in
the resolution of the Board establishing such committee, shall have
and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the
management of the business and affairs of the Company. All
committees of the Board shall keep minutes of their meetings and
shall report their proceedings to the Board when requested or
required by the Board. Each committee of the Board may fix its
own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by
such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of
the Board designating such committee. Unless



 
-8-





 


otherwise
provided in such a resolution, the presence of the greater of
one-third or two members of the committee shall be necessary to
constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one or
two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum;
and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the
members present at a meeting of the committee at which a quorum is
present. Unless otherwise provided in such a resolution, in
the event that a member and that member’s alternate, if
alternates are designated by the Board, of such committee is or are
absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at
any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such
member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any
such absent or disqualified member.




3.5.3 Management by the
Board.
 



 


(a)


The management,
policies and affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under
the direction of the Board; provided, however , that subject
to the Investment Company Act and applicable law, the Board may
delegate its rights and powers to third parties, including the
Investment Adviser, as it may determine. Unless otherwise
specified in this Agreement, consent or approval by the Company
shall be determined by the Board.



 



 


(b)


The Board may
appoint and elect (as well as remove or replace with or without
cause), as it deems necessary, a President, Vice Presidents
(including Executive Vice Presidents), a Treasurer, a Chief
Financial Officer, a Secretary, a Chief Compliance Officer and any
other officer of the Company the Board determines to be necessary
or advisable (collectively, the “ Officers
”). The names of each Officer and such Officer’s
position as of the date hereof are listed on Schedule B
.



 



 


(c)


The Officers
shall perform such duties and may exercise such powers as may be
assigned to them by the Board.



 



 


(d)


Unless the
Board decides otherwise, if the title of any person authorized to
act on behalf of the Company under this 3.5.3 is one commonly used
for officers of a business corporation formed under the Delaware
General Corporation Law, the assignment of such title shall
constitute the delegation to such person of the authority and
duties that are normally associated with that office, subject to
any specific delegation of, or restriction on, authority and duties
made pursuant to this 3.5.3. Any number of titles may be held
by the same person. Any delegation pursuant to this 3.5.3 may
be revoked at any time by the Board.



 



 


(e)


The Board may
authorize any Person, including any Officer, to sign on behalf of
the Company.




3.5.4 Powers of
Board.

Except as otherwise explicitly
provided herein, the Board shall have the power on behalf and in
the name of the Company to implement the objectives of the Company
and to exercise any rights and powers the Company may possess,
including the power to cause the Company to (a) make any elections
available to the Company under applicable tax or other laws, (b)
make any investments permitted under this Agreement, (c) satisfy
any Company obligations (such as payment of the Management Fee,
Incentive
 
-9-


Fee, and Company Expenses), or (d) make any
disposition of Company assets. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any Member or
other Person being required, subject to the Investment Company Act
and applicable law, the Company is hereby authorized to execute,
deliver and perform, and the Board on behalf of the Company is
hereby empowered to authorize an Officer of the Company or other
representative to execute and deliver, (x) a Subscription Agreement
with each Member, (y) the Investment Advisory Agreement, and (z)
any amendment of any such document (to the extent such amendment is
approved in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement and
is consistent with the terms of this Agreement) and any other
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated thereby or
related thereto (to the extent that such other agreement, document
or other instrument is consistent with the terms of the relevant
agreement or this Agreement). Such authorization shall not be
deemed a restriction on the power of the Board to cause the Company
to enter into other documents.

3.5.5 Related Party
Transactions.

The Audit Committee will conduct
quarterly reviews of potential related party transactions brought
to its attention and, during such reviews, will consider any
conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the
Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Code of
Ethics.

Each Director and Officer of the
Company shall be required to complete an annual questionnaire which
shall be designed to elicit information concerning potential
related party transactions.

As provided in 5.2, the Company has
been authorized to enter into the Investment Advisory Agreement
with the Investment Adviser.

3.6 A CTIVITIES OF M EMBERS .

Notwithstanding any duty otherwise
existing at law or in equity, but subject to the provisions of this
Agreement and applicable laws (including the Investment Company
Act), any Member and its respective direct and indirect partners,
members, stockholders, officers, directors, managers, trustees,
employees, agents and Affiliates may invest, participate, or engage
in (for their own accounts or for the accounts of others), or may
possess an interest in, other financial ventures and investment and
professional activities of every kind, nature and description,
independently or with others, whether now existing or hereafter
acquired or initiated, including but not limited to: management of
other investment vehicles; investment in, financing, acquisition or
disposition of securities; investment and management counseling;
providing brokerage and investment banking services; or serving as
officers, directors, managers, consultants, advisers or agents of
other companies, partners of any partnership, members of any
limited liability company or trustees of any trust (and may receive
fees, commissions, remuneration or reimbursement of expenses in
connection with these activities), whether or not such activities
may conflict with any interest of the Company or any of the
Members. The fact that a Member may encounter opportunities to
purchase, otherwise acquire, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of
investment assets, other assets or other business ventures and may
take advantage of such opportunities itself or introduce such
opportunities to entities in which it has or does not have any
interest shall not subject such Member to liability to the Company
or to any of the other Members on account of the lost
opportunity. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
prohibit any Member or any Affiliate of any Member from dealing
with, or otherwise engaging in business with, any other Member or
any Person transacting business with the Company or any Portfolio
Company. Neither the Company nor any Member shall have any
rights, solely by virtue of this Agreement, in or to any activities
permitted by this 3.6 or to any fees, income, profits or goodwill
derived from such activities.
 
-10-


3.7 M EETINGS OF M EMBERS .

3.7.1 Place of
Meetings.

All meetings of the Members for any
purpose shall be at any such place as shall be designated from time
to time by the Board and stated in the notice of meeting or in a
duly executed waiver of notice thereof.

3.7.2 Meetings.

Meetings of Members may be called by
the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer. The Board of Directors may postpone, adjourn,
reschedule or cancel any meeting of Members previously scheduled by
the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board or the Chief
Executive Officer.
 



3.7.3


Business at
Meetings.




For each meeting, only business
specified in the Company’s notice of meeting (or any
supplement thereto) may be conducted at such meeting.

3.7.4 Quorum;
Adjournments.

Unless otherwise required by law,
Members holding a majority of the Units entitled to vote thereat,
present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings; provided
that where a separate vote of Common Units and Preferred Units is
required, the holders of a majority of all issued and outstanding
Common Units and Preferred Units, as applicable, present in person
or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take
action with respect to such matter. Abstentions will be
treated as Units that are present and entitled to vote for purposes
of determining the number present and entitled to vote with respect
to any particular proposal, but will not be counted as a vote in
favor of such proposal.

If such quorum shall not be present
or represented by proxy at any meeting, then either the Chair or
Members entitled to vote thereat (present in person or represented
by proxy) shall have the power to adjourn a vote from time to time,
without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a
quorum shall be present or represented by proxy. At such adjourned
meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy,
any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at
the meeting as originally called. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty (30) days, or, if after adjournment a new record
date is set, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
to each Member entitled to vote at the meeting.

3.8 W AIVER OF N OTICE

A written waiver of any notice,
signed by a Member or Director, or waiver by electronic
transmission by such person, whether given before or after the time
of the event for which such notice is to be given, shall be deemed
equivalent to the notice required to be given to such
person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting
need be specified in such a waiver. Attendance at any meeting
(in person or by remote communication) shall constitute waiver of
notice, except attendance for the express purpose at the beginning
of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
 
-11-


3.9 M EMBER V OTING AND C ONSENTS .

Whenever action is required by this
Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the
Members (or any class or group of Members), such action shall be
deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written
consent of those Members (or those Members included in such class
or group) whose Units represent the specified percentage of the
aggregate outstanding Units of all Members (or all Members included
in such class or group) at the time. Each Member shall be
entitled to one vote for each Unit held on all matters submitted to
a vote of the Members. For these purposes, a
“majority-in-interest” shall mean a percentage in
interest in excess of 50%.

If at any time Preferred Units have
been issued and are outstanding, any proposal:
 



 


(a)


affecting the
Common Unitholders but not the Preferred Unitholders, shall require
approval by the requisite percentage in interest of the Common
Unitholders;



 



 


(b)


not affecting
the Common Unitholders, shall require approval by the requisite
percentage in interest of the Preferred Unitholders;



 



 


(c)


affecting both
Common Unitholders and Preferred Unitholders, shall require
approval by the requisite percentage in interest of the Common
Unitholders and the Preferred Unitholders, voting
separately.




ARTICLE 4 —INVESTMENTS AND
ACTIVITIES

4.1 I NVESTMENT O BJECTIVES .

The primary objective of the Company
is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital
appreciation, primarily through investing in first lien, first
lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt,
including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity
investments, primarily through direct originations. Each
investment held by the Company is referred to herein as an “
Investment ” and collectively, the “
Investments .”

4.2 B ORROWING .

4.2.1 General.

The Company shall have the power to
enter into, make and perform all such contracts and other
undertakings, and engage in all such activities and transactions as
the Board may deem necessary or advisable for or incidental to the
carrying out of the Company’s purpose and objectives (and all
determinations, decisions and actions made or taken by the Board
shall be conclusive and absolutely binding upon the Company, the
Members and their respective successors, assigns and personal
representatives), including: to incur and maintain indebtedness for
borrowed money (including through the issuance of notes and other
evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or
extensions of credit (“ Financings ”), to incur
and maintain other obligations (including in connection with
derivative financial instruments), to arrange and make guarantees
to support any such Financings or other obligations and incur
reimbursement obligations in respect of any such Financings, other
obligations or guarantees, to pledge or assign or otherwise make
available credit support for any such Financings, other obligations
or guarantees and to enter into agreements, instruments and
documents and take all other actions as the Company deems necessary
or appropriate in connection with incurring or
maintaining
 
-12-


Financings, other obligations or
guarantees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company is authorized, at its option and without notice to or
consent of any Member, to hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer,
make a collateral assignment or pledge or grant a security interest
to any Lender or other holders other obligations or guarantees of
the Company (a) any or all assets of the Company, including
Investments and deposit or other accounts into which capital
contributions are credited or deposited (the assets described in
this clause (a) referred to herein as “ Assets
”) and/or (b) some or all of the Undrawn Commitment of some
or all of the Members, including the Company’s right to issue
drawdown notices or otherwise call for and receive contributions of
Undrawn Commitment and all rights and remedies related thereto and
the obligations of some or all of the Members under their
respective Subscription Agreements and this Agreement (the rights
described in this clause (b) referred to herein as “
Assigned Rights ,” and together with Assets, referred
to herein as “ Credit Support ”). For the
avoidance of doubt, the Company may exclude from such Credit
Support all or a portion of the Assigned Rights of any Common
Unitholders that are Officers, Directors, certain significant
Common Unitholders, and certain other Persons, to the extent
restricted under, or considered by the Board to be necessary or
desirable to facilitate compliance with, applicable laws or
regulations, including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended (“ ERISA ”), the Investment
Company Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as
amended.

In furtherance thereof and without
limiting the generality thereof, the Company may, in each case
subject to such other conditions as the Company may reasonably
determine, (a) authorize any Lender or holders of such other
obligations or guarantees, including any agent or trustee
acting on their behalf, as agent and on behalf of the Company, or
in such other capacity as the Company may specify (i) to exercise
from time to time Assigned Rights, (ii) to issue drawdown
notices and to require all or any portion of such Undrawn
Commitment to be contributed to the Company for purposes of paying
such funds to a Lender or holder of such other obligations or
guarantees, including by payment to an account or accounts pledged
to a Lender or such holder, (iii) to exercise any right or remedy
of the Company under this Agreement in respect of any Asset or
Assigned Rights or in respect of any drawdown notice, called
contributions or Undrawn Commitment, and (iv) to enforce the
Members’ obligations under their respective Subscription
Agreements and this Agreement, and (b) take any other action the
Company reasonably determines to be necessary for the purpose of
providing such Credit Support (collectively, clauses (a) and (b),
the “ Lender Powers ”); provided that any
exercise of such Lender Powers shall be made in accordance with
this Agreement. In addition, the Company is hereby authorized
to provide to or receive from any Lender or holders of such
indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations, including any agent
or trustee acting on their behalf, financial information related to
such Member.

Subject to applicable law, the
Company is authorized to enter into and maintain guarantees and
other credit support of Financings of subsidiaries and other
Persons in which the Company has an interest or otherwise be liable
on a joint and several basis and any such obligations in connection
therewith may be cross-guaranteed as the Board determines is
necessary or convenient in the conduct or promotions of the
activities or business of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, for so long as the Company operates as
a BDC, the total amount of indebtedness outstanding at any time
(including, for this purpose, the Preferred Units) shall not cause
the Company to violate leverage requirements applicable to a BDC,
including but not limited to Sections 18 and 61 of the Investment
Company Act.
 
-13-


4.2.2 Member Acknowledgements.

To facilitate the Company’s
ability to incur and maintain Financings, other obligations and
guarantees and to otherwise make available Credit Support for
Financings, other obligations and guarantees, each Member hereby
agrees to and acknowledges the acknowledgements, agreements and
representations set forth in Appendix II .

4.2.3 Beneficiary
Rights.

Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any Lender or other Person granted a lien with
respect to any of the Assigned Rights and/or the right to exercise
any Lender Power shall be an intended beneficiary of this Agreement
and shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this 4.2 and
Appendix II .

4.3 P REFERRED U NITS .

Without the consent of any Common
Unitholder, the Board may cause the Company to issue one class of
Preferred Units, which Preferred Units would have rights senior to
those of the Common Units, and such other characteristics as the
Board may determine, but, for so long as the Company operates as a
BDC, in a manner that complies with the legal requirements
applicable to a BDC. Prior to the issuance of a series of
Preferred Units, the Board shall set the terms, preferences,
conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions,
limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or
conditions of redemption.

4.4 D ISTRIBUTIONS ; R ECYCLING .

4.4.1
Distributions.

Subject to the requirements of
Section 852(a) of Subchapter M of the Code and the terms of any
Financings or other obligations or Preferred Units, the Company
intends to (i) distribute to its Common Unitholders, pro
rata based on the number of Units held by the Common
Unitholder, before the end of each taxable year, or in certain
cases, during the following taxable year, net proceeds attributable
to the repayment or disposition of Investments (together with any
interest, dividends and other net cash flow in respect of such
Investments), except to the extent such proceeds from repayment or
disposition are retained for reinvestment prior to the termination
of the Investment Period in accordance with 4.4.3, (ii) distribute
quarterly investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of
interest payments, dividends or fees as opposed to proceeds
received in connection with the disposition or repayment of an
Investment) (commencing with the quarter ending December 31, 2016),
(iii) distribute all of its investment company taxable income and
net capital gain for each taxable year in order to qualify for
treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and avoid the
imposition of federal income taxes on the Company under Section
852(b) of the Code, for any such taxable year, and (iv) distribute
for each calendar year its ordinary income and capital gain net
income realized during the periods set forth in Section 4982(b) of
the Code to the extent required for the Company to avoid imposition
of federal excise tax under Section 4982 of the Code for any such
calendar year.

Depending on the level of taxable
income and net capital gain earned in a year, the Company may
choose to carry forward taxable income or net capital gain for
distribution in the following year and pay the applicable U.S.
federal excise tax. Distributions under this 4.4.1 will be
appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by the Company or any
direct or indirect subsidiary through which it invests (including
any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding
taxes). The Incentive Fee will not be reduced to take into
account any such taxes. Taxes payable by the Company or a
direct or indirect subsidiary (including any entity formed or
utilized as a blocker to make investments) or withholding taxes
imposed on income of the Company or a direct or indirect subsidiary
will not be deemed distributed.
 
-14-



Anything in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any
Member if, and to the extent that, such distribution would not be
permitted under the Delaware Act.

4.4.2 Returns of Capital
Contributions

Any portion of distributions made by
the Company to the Common Unitholders during the Investment Period
which represents a return of such Common Unitholders’ capital
contributions to the Company, as determined by the Board (each such
amount, “ Returned Capital ”), shall increase
the Common Unitholders’ Undrawn Commitments and may be drawn
down by the Company as provided in this Agreement.

4.4.3 Recycling.

Subject to the requirements of
Section 852(a) of Subchapter M of the Code and the terms of any
Financing or other obligations or Preferred Units, proceeds
realized by the Company from the sale or repayment of any
Investment (as opposed to investment income) during the Investment
Period (but not in excess of the cost of any such Investment), may
be retained and reinvested by the Company; provided, that such
additional amounts reinvested shall not, in the aggregate, exceed
the Company’s aggregate Commitments. Any amounts so
reinvested will not reduce a Common Unitholder’s Undrawn
Commitment.

ARTICLE 5 — FEES AND
EXPENSES; ADVISORY AGREEMENT

5.1 C OMPANY E XPENSES

The Company shall bear and be
responsible for all costs and expenses of its operations in
connection with its operations and transactions (“ Company
Expenses ”). The Company’s primary operating
expenses will include the payment of the Management Fee and the
Incentive Fee to the Investment Adviser, legal and professional
fees, interest, fees and other expenses of Financings and other
operating and overhead related expenses. The other Company
Expenses will include those relating to: (i) the Company’s
operational and organizational expenses; (ii) the Company’s
fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by the
Investment Adviser or payable to third parties related to the
Company’s Investments, including, among others, professional
fees (including the fees and expenses of consultants and experts)
and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and
performing due diligence on Investments and prospective
Investments; (iii) interest, fees and other expenses payable on
Financings, if any, incurred by the Company; (iv) fees and expenses
incurred by the Company in connection with membership in investment
company organizations; (v) brokers’ commissions; (vi) fees
and expenses associated with calculating the Company’s NAV
(including the costs and expenses of any independent valuation
firm); (vii) legal, auditing or accounting expenses; (viii) taxes
or governmental fees; (ix) the fees and expenses of the
Company’s administrator, transfer agent or sub-transfer
agent; (x) the cost of preparing unit certificates or any other
expenses, including clerical expenses of issue or repurchase of the
Units; (xi) the expenses of, and fees for, registering or
qualifying Common Units for sale, maintaining the Company’s
registration and qualifying and registering the Company as a broker
or a dealer; (xii) the fees and expenses of the Independent
Directors; (xiii) the fees or disbursements of custodians of the
Company’s assets, including expenses incurred in the
performance of any obligations enumerated by this Agreement or
other organizational documents of the Company insofar as they
govern agreements with any such custodian; (xiv) the cost of
preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to
holders of equity interests in the Company, the SEC and other
regulatory authorities; (xv) insurance premiums; (xvi) costs of
holding meetings of Members; and (xvii) costs incurred in
connection
 
-15-


with any claim, litigation, arbitration,
mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with
the Company’s business and the amount of any judgment or
settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of the
Company’s rights against any person and indemnification or
contribution expenses payable by the Company to any person and
other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of
the Company’s business.

Company expenses borne by the
Company in the ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding the
Management Fee, the Incentive Fee, organizational and start-up
expenses, and expenses related to Financings and other leverage)
shall not exceed an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of
Commitments to the Company by Common Unitholders, provided, however
that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including
litigation and similar expenses, are not subject to such a
cap.

5.2 I NVESTMENT A DVISORY A GREEMENT .

The Company shall enter into an
investment management and advisory agreement (the “
Investment Advisory Agreement ”) with the Investment
Adviser for assistance in providing management services to the
Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I
.

ARTICLE 6 — CAPITAL OF THE
COMPANY

6.1 O BLIGATION TO C ONTRIBUTE .

6.1.1 General.

The Company will issue Common Units
to investors from time to time at the NAV per Common
Unit. Such Common Units will be issued through drawdowns on
specific Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates, with Common Unitholders
required to contribute all or a portion of their Undrawn
Commitments in exchange for Common Units as set forth in this
Agreement.

6.1.2 I
NVESTMENT
P ERIOD .

Prior to the expiration of the
Investment Period, additional amounts may be drawn down pursuant to
Article 3 for any purpose contemplated under this
Agreement. After the expiration of the Investment Period, the
Company will not call for or accept, and the Common Unitholders
shall not be obligated to make, any drawdowns other than
:
 



 


(a)


to pay, and/or
establish reserves for, actual or anticipated Company expenses,
liabilities, including the payment or repayment of Financings or
other obligations, contingent or otherwise (including the
Management Fee), whether incurred before or after the end of the
Investment Period;



 



 


(b)


to fulfill
investment commitments made or approved by the Investment Committee
prior to the expiration of the Investment Period;



 



 


(c)


to engage in
hedging transactions; or



 



 


(d)


to make
additional investments in existing Portfolio Companies (each, an
“ Additional Investment ”) (including
transactions to hedge interest rate or currency risks related to an
Additional Investment).



 
-16-


6.1.3 No Interest.

No interest shall accrue on any
Common Unitholder’s contribution.

6.2 F AILURE T O M AKE R EQUIRED P AYMENT .

6.2.1 Default.

Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, if a Common Unitholder fails to make a required capital
contribution or other required payment to the Company, in part or
in full, and such default remains uncured for a period of ten
calendar days, the Company shall be permitted to declare such
Common Unitholder (any such Common Unitholder, a “
Defaulting Unitholder ”) to be in default of its
obligations and shall be permitted to pursue one or any combination
of the following remedies:
 



 


(a)


The Company may
prohibit the Defaulting Unitholder from purchasing any additional
Units;



 



 


(b)


Twenty-five
percent (25%) of the Units then held by the Defaulting Unitholder
may (at the election of the Company) be automatically transferred
on the books of the Company, without any further action being
required on the part of the Company or the Defaulting Unitholder,
to all other Common Unitholders (except to any other Defaulting
Unitholder), pro rata in accordance with their respective
number of Common Units held; provided, however, that no Common
Units shall be transferred to any other Common Unitholder pursuant
to this 6.2.1 in the event that such transfer would
(x) violate the Securities Act or any state (or other
jurisdiction) securities or “Blue Sky” laws applicable
to the Company or such transfer, (y) constitute a non-exempt
“prohibited transaction” under Section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or (z) cause all or any
portion of the assets of the Company to constitute “plan
assets” under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (it
being understood that this proviso shall operate only to the extent
necessary to avoid the occurrence of the consequences contemplated
herein and shall not prevent the Common Unitholder from receiving a
partial allocation of its pro rata portion of Common Units);
provided further, that any Common Units that have not been
transferred to one or more other Common Unitholders pursuant to the
previous proviso shall be allocated among the other participating
Common Unitholders pro rata in accordance with their
respective number of Common Units held. The mechanism
described in this 6.2.1 is





 








 


















LLC Operating Agreement, LLC Operating Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 137)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample LLC operating contracts or download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs. We have thousands of sample LLC operating agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable LLC operating contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample LLC operating contracts below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Operating Agreements 





	These LLC Operating Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND LLC | TRILINC ADVISORS, LLC | TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AND MEMBER CONTROL AGREEMENT OF GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLCParties: GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
3) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SPARTAN MERGER SUB 2, LLCParties: SURGICAL CARE AFFILIATES, INC. | Spartan Merger Sub 2, LLC | UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLCParties: CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. | Centennial Resource Development, Inc | CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF GK SERVICES, LLCParties: GK SERVICES INC | Cintas Corporation | GK Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
6) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC AUTHORIZING SERIES C CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED UNITSParties: SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC | Investor's Mark Acquisitions, LLC | SK Funding, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

7) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

16) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
17) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
18) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
19) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
20) Limited Liability Company Agreement of Donnelley Financial, LLCParties: DONNELLEY FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. | DF LLC | Donnelley Financial, LLC | R R Donnelley  Sons Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
22) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
23) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
24) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
25) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

26) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
27) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
28) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
30) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
31) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
32) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

33) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
34) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
35) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

36) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
37) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

38) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
39) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
40) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
41) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
42) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

43) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
44) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
45) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
46) Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT March 6, 2017Parties: BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | Morgan Stanley  Co LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Baker Botts
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
48) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM SOUTH TEXAS, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
49) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137 
 
 

 













Alternatives: Private Credit




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          










Private Credit



Private Credit
Our Private Credit strategies provide access to investment opportunities through a value-oriented approach that seeks attractive risk-adjusted returns and to minimize the risk of capital loss.



































MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT
1 of 2





MULTI-MANAGER
2 of 2













 










Approach





We focus on lending to middle-market and private companies. Our direct origination lending strategy incorporates a focus on leading the negotiation and structuring of the loans or securities in which we invest. We invest primarily in US middle-market companies, which generally have EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) of between $5 million and $75 million annually.











Flexible Investment Solutions



+

		                        We partner closely with our middle market relationships to understand and tailor financing solutions to meet specific objectives including acquisitions, refinancing, capital for growth, leveraged buyouts, dividend recapitalization and restructuring.
		                    








Proprietary Sourcing



+

		                        Our dedicated sourcing team benefits from the breadth of Goldman Sachs’ network of relationships. This network and set of relationships provides us with direct access to the owners of US middle market companies and enables us to access proprietary investment opportunities.
		                    








Focus on Downside Management



+

		                        We seek to structure loans with covenants and other structural safeguards. We target companies with strong cash flow, well-regarded management teams and strive for loan-to-value that leaves meaningful cushion.
		                    














Benefits






Access to a leading platform
The team capitalizes on Goldman Sachs’ relationships, market insights, risk management expertise, technology and infrastructure through its investment approach.
 
Culture of risk management
We apply a strong focus on process to monitor and evaluate the performance of our investments. In addition, we benefit from Goldman Sachs’ extensive risk management capabilities, which have been developed and honed over many investment cycles.

Disciplined underwriting model
We utilize investment practices and procedures developed over many decades. Further, Goldman Sachs houses a tremendous amount of industry knowledge and experience. We have the ability to draw upon these industry insights and expertise as we evaluate investment opportunities.







Learn More About Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc 






 










Approach





We seek to identify leading private credit managers with expertise in lending, underwriting, the bankruptcy process and managing operating companies, as well as the ability to quickly evaluate and execute transactions in an often-dynamic market. Our team operates around the world, leveraging access to the broader Goldman Sachs network to continually identify and evaluate new opportunities. We also have the ability to create customized private credit solutions tailored to our clients’ specific investment objectives.











Broad Sourcing of High-Quality Managers



+

		                        A well-designed private credit program requires significant resources to identify potentially high value-add investment opportunities. Utilizing the scale and expertise of our geographic- and industry-focused strategy vertical teams, we seek to identify managers with expertise in origination, structuring, workout and reporting.
		                    








Adaptive Portfolio Design



+

		                        We take a differentiated approach to portfolio construction, engineering innovative solutions diversified across the capital structure, geographies, industries and strategies. Leveraging our extensive experience, we build portfolios across multiple credit opportunities.
		                    








Ongoing Risk Management



+

		                        We continuously evaluate credit markets for new opportunities, identifying managers well-positioned for the current environment. Supplemented by our dedicated legal, compliance and operational due diligence teams, we actively monitor our managers, maintaining close contact to understand and uncover potential risks.
		                    













Benefits






Extensive experience in a complex market
Private middle-market lending is a highly-negotiated and often inefficient market where investors can benefit from our deep experience, with insights into both the private and public markets’ complexities. We leverage our structuring and valuation capabilities, developed across asset classes and industries, to evaluate potential credit opportunities.
 
Growth in a potentially imbalanced market
The supply of middle-market financing has declined; however, many believe demand may increase. Meanwhile, many other specialty lenders are no longer active in the space or have significantly reduced activity due to a greater focus on liquidity, creating an attractive supply-demand dynamic in the market.

Longstanding relationships and innovative opportunities
Our extensive relationships enable us to employ a well-informed, highly selective process to evaluate high-quality managers and investment opportunities across various quantitative factors, whether accessing smaller niche funds or larger organizations.













RETURN TO:
Alternatives












PREVIOUS:
Real Assets






NEXT:
Hedge Funds












		       For more information, please contact your GSAM relationship manager
		    

CONTACT US












                        
                        
                            Our Clients
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Central Banks
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Consultants
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Corporate Pension Plans
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Endowments and Foundations
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Healthcare
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Insurance
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Public Pension Plans
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Sovereign Institutions
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Taft-Hartley
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Strategies
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Explore by Asset Class
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Equity
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fixed Income
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Alternatives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Multi-Asset
		           		 
					     
               




 

 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Explore by Solution
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        ESG & Impact Investing
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Outsourced CIO
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Pension Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    


















































