




GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Golden Tree Asset Management Lp  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    300 Park Avenue 21 St Floor 
    New York, NY, 10022Phone: (212) 308-7506 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-15


Amended


$31,081,864


$14,081,864


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-15


New


$17,000,000


$17,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 . Golden Tree Asset Management Lp 
 Promoter 


 Golden Tree Multi Sector Gp Llc 
 Executive 


 Steven A. Tananbaum 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















GoldenTree Asset Management LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







GoldenTree Asset Management LP
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

GoldenTree Asset Management LP





















GoldenTree Asset Management LP
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Thursday, January 25, 2001.






300 Park Avenue
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (212) 847-3500
http://www.goldentree.com



President
Robert Matza
Managing Partner  and Chief Investment Officer
Steven Tananbaum
Portfolio Manager
Joseph Naggar
Portfolio Manager
Pierre de Chillaz
Chief Financial Officer
Neil Scanlon
Chief Compliance Officer
George Travers
Chief Operating Officer
William Christian
Chief Compliance Officer
George Travers
General Counsel
Barry Ritholz
Portfolio Manager
Lee Kruter




Inception Date2001-01-25
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 17:41:29.419199
As of Date2017-03-31
Latest Filing2017-05-15
SEC Number801-58286
CRD Number112753
Inception2001-01-25
Legal NameGoldenTree Asset Management LP
NameGoldenTree Asset Management LP
CIK0001278951
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership
Legal Entity IdentifierPUBZ8X9O2VZN0WHEH824
EIN134118850











Holdings



Long Positions




Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Plans



Welfare Plans: 1


401(k) Plans: 1






Funds



Hedge Funds: 46


Private Funds: 4


Securitized Assets Funds: 15


Private Equity Funds: 2









Long Positions: 2017-03-31

SecurityValue



Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA)
32.27M


Delta Air Lines Inc  (DAL)
31.40M


TEEKAY CORPORATION
30.37M


Calpine Corp (CPN)
19.50M


FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP)
19.27M


NEW GOLD INC CDA
17.98M


D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI)
12.09M


LENNAR CORP
11.77M


SPDR SERIES TRUST
11.74M


Valvoline Inc (VVV)
11.46M


Huntsman CORP (HUN)
10.62M


Tribune Media CO (TRCO)
10.48M


Penn National Gaming LV Gaming Ventures (PENN)
9.89M


MGM Resorts International (MGM)
9.66M


Berry Plastics Group Inc (BERY)
9.56M


TEEKAY OFFSHORE PARTNERS L P
7.66M


Ambac Financial Group Inc (AMBC)
3.21M


Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (EGLE)
1.68M


Yahoo Inc (YHOO)
1.29M


Kadmon Holdings, Inc. (KDMN)
748.00K


ORANGE
296.00K


TEEKAY LNG PARTNERS L P     PRTNRSP UNITS
186.00K











05-17
03-17
09-16




Employees
225.00
225.00
217.00











05-17
03-17
09-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
27.50B
27.50B
26.86B







Welfare Plans: 2017-03-31



Goldentree Asset Management LP Employee Benefits Plan
New York






401(k) Plans: 2017-03-31



Goldentree Asset Management Retirement Plan
New York






Hedge Funds: 2017-03-31



GoldenTree Select Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree EnTrust Distressed Debt Master Fund LP
Kentucky


GoldenTree Offshore Intermediate Fund II LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree High Yield Value Fund Offshore II, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP
Delaware


Goldentree EnTrust Distressed Debt Fund LP
United States


GoldenTree Emerging Markets ICAV
Ireland


GoldenTree Multi-Sector Master Fund ICAV
Ireland


GoldenTree Multi-Sector Cayman, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Emerging Markets LP
Delaware


Goldentree Master Fund, Ltd.
Kentucky


GoldenTree E Distressed Debt Fund (CAYMAN) II LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Distressed Master Fund 2014 Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Distressed Fund 2014 (CAYMAN) LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Structured Products Opportunities Fund 2013, Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree EnTrust Offshore Fund SPC on behalf of and FOR The account of Segregated Portfolio I
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Distressed Debt Master Fund LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree E Distressed Debt Master Fund II LP
Kentucky


GoldenTree Partners LP
Delaware


GoldenTree High Yield Value Fund Offshore PLC
Ireland


GoldenTree EnTrust Distressed Debt Fund (Cayman) LP
Kentucky


GoldenTree Select Partners, L.P.
Delaware


GoldenTree Select Offshore Intermediate Fund, L.P.
Kentucky


GoldenTree Offshore Intermediate Fund LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Structured Products Opportunities Intermediate Fund 2013 LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree E Distressed Debt Fund II LP
United States


GoldenTree Distressed Debt Fund LP
Delaware


GoldenTree High Yield Value Partners, L.P.
Delaware


GoldenTree Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Kentucky


GoldenTree Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd.
Kentucky


GoldenTree Credit Opportunities, L.P.
Delaware


GoldenTree Offshore Fund II, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Distressed Debt Fund (Cayman) LP
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Emerging Markets Master Fund ICAV
Ireland


GoldenTree Distressed Intermediate Fund 2014 LLC
United States


GoldenTree Structured Products Opportunities Master Fund 2013, Ltd
Kentucky


GoldenTree Credit Opportunities, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Distressed Debt Intermediate Fund Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Select Partners II, L.P.
Delaware


GoldenTree EnTrust Intermediate Fund SPC on behalf of and FOR The account of Segregated Portfolio I
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree EnTrust Distressed Debt Intermediate Fund Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Master Fund II, Ltd.
Kentucky


GoldenTree Partners II LP
Delaware


GoldenTree EnTrust Master Fund SPC on behalf of and FOR The account of Segregated Portfolio I
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree E Distressed Debt Intermediate Fund II Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Partners (100), L.P.
Delaware






Private Funds: 2017-03-31



Goldentree High Yield Value Master Unit Trust
Ireland


GoldenTree High Yield Value Fund Offshore (Strategic), Ltd.
Kentucky


Goldentree High Yield Value Fund Offshore LP
Cayman Islands


Laurelin II B.V.
Netherlands






Securitized Assets Funds: 2017-03-31



GoldenTree Loan Opportunities III Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities IV Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Credit Opportunities 2012-1 Financing, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Absalon II Limited
Ireland


GoldenTree Credit Opportunities European CLO 2013-1 B.V.
Netherlands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities XI, Ltd
Cayman Islands


Laurelin 2016-1 Designated Activity Company
Ie-D


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities VII Ltd
Cayman Islands


GT Loan Financing I, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities V Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities VI Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities XII Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities X, Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities VIII Ltd
Cayman Islands


GoldenTree Loan Opportunities IX Ltd
Cayman Islands






Private Equity Funds: 2017-03-31



GoldenTree Distressed Fund 2014 LP
Delaware


GoldenTree Structured Products Opportunities Fund 2013, LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










GoldenTree Select Partners Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







GOLDENTREE SELECT PARTNERS


Premium Company Report








The Premium GoldenTree Select Partners Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$29.99


View subscription options







DBA GOLDEN TREE ASSET MANAGEMENTDBA Goldentree CLO Debt Investment Fund 2012 LtdDBA GoldenTree CLO Debt Investment Partners 2011 LPDBA Goldentree CLO Debt Investment Partners 2012 LPDBA GoldenTree Credit Opportunities, L.P.DBA GoldenTree Distressed Fund 2014 LPDBA GoldenTree Emerging Markets LPDBA GoldenTree High Yield Value Partners, L.P.DBA GoldenTree Multi-Sector LPDBA GoldenTree MultiStrategy, L.P.DBA GoldenTree NJ Distressed Fund 2015 LPDBA GoldenTree Partners, L.P.DBA GoldenTree Partners (100), L.P.DBA GoldenTree Partners II, L.P.DBA GoldenTree Select Partners II, L.P.DBA GoldenTree Structured Products Opportunities Fund 2013, LP300 Park Avenue 21st Floor New York, NY 10022 

Company Awards

Big Fish


VC / Private Equity



Company Profile & Financial Information for GoldenTree Select Partners
GoldenTree Select Partners's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show GoldenTree Select Partners's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate GoldenTree Select Partners's strengths. 
GoldenTree Select Partners operates in the N/A industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show GoldenTree Select Partners's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

RevenueOver $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees100 - 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry N/A

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	GoldenTree Select Partners's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

GoldenTree Select Partners Revenue and Growth Rate

GoldenTree Select Partners
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Investor Activity
		GoldenTree Select Partners has actively raised capital from investors. These investors may include private investors, venture capital firms, or other investment vehicles.

Date
Investors
Percent Raised
Target Size

March 14, 2017
93
INF%
$0 MM

Complete list of funding rounds and total amounts in the Company Report
Income Statement (Industry Averages)
GoldenTree Select Partners's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

XX5Financial risk analysis in the field of debt securities 01/09/2017INSITE REAL ESTATE PARTNERSFinancial services, namely, investment advisory services; investment management services; and asset management services 04/23/2008GOLDENTREE INSITE PARTNERSFinancial services, namely, investment advisory services; investment management services; and asset management services 11/03/2005 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether GoldenTree Select Partners grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof GoldenTree Select Partners is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: GoldenTree Select Partners vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as GoldenTree Select Partners, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to GoldenTree Select Partners, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

GoldenTree Select Partners's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as GoldenTree Select Partners and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0056 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.








GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:13 PM ET

Company Overview of GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



615 South DuPont HighwayDover, DE 19901United States










Key Executives for GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP


GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GoldenTree Multi-Sector LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




































GoldenTree Asset Management LP


























Terms of Use


By accessing this web site, you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this web site. This web site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. GoldenTree Asset Management LP ("GoldenTree") reserves the right to, and may at any time, change the terms, conditions and notices under which this web site is offered. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. References to GoldenTree shall be deemed to include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and any of its affiliated entities.
Assets Under Management
Total assets, with respect to the structured product portfolios, such as CLOs, include the effects of leverage and available capital to invest. With respect to managed funds and accounts that have “private equity” type terms, assets under management include investors’ committed capital until such time as the applicable investment period has terminated.
No Offer of Securities
The material on this web site does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, advisory services or any securities or any interests in investment funds managed by GoldenTree. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Such offerings are made, and such investment advisory services are offered, only to persons who are "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with state broker-dealer, investment advisor, broker-dealer agent or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. This web site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. GoldenTree makes no representations or warranties that the content of this web site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
Limitation of Liability
While GoldenTree uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this web site, errors or omissions sometimes occur. All information and content on this web site is furnished "as is" and GoldenTree makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this web site, and makes no other warranty of any kind, implied or expressed. Under no circumstances shall GoldenTree nor any party or person involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this web site, even if a GoldenTree authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
GoldenTree also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
Performance Data
Any performance data quoted on this web site represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. The value of an investment may fall as well as rise. Investor principal is not guaranteed, and investors may not receive the full amount of their principal at the time of redemption if asset values have fallen. Investors should understand that performance results will be reduced by investment advisory fees and other expenses which may be incurred in connection with the account.
GoldenTree defines a distressed asset as an investment in the debt or equity of an issuer that, for reasons that may include operational, financial or market-related stress, has seen its value decline to a level that in its analysis was materially below the fundamental value of the asset.  For debt investments this typically includes securities trading at 75 cents on the dollar or below.
A structured product is a securitization of financial debt instruments ranging from high yield bank loans, student loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, auto loans, credit card receivables, trust preferred notes, emerging market debt.
Account Access
If you or any of your employees or agents access or use this web site for account access, you acknowledge and agree that such ELECTRONIC SERVICE IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR SUCH OTHER PERSON WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and you agree that any such access or use will be solely at your own risk, and GoldenTree will have no liability whatsoever relating to or arising out of any such access or use or any inaccuracies, errors, delays, omissions or other problems or failures of any such electronic service. Moreover, you agree that if you or any of your employees or agents are given any digital certificate(s), user name(s), and/or password(s) which may be required to access or use any electronic services (collectively, "User Codes"), (a) you shall take all necessary actions to preserve the confidentiality of such User Codes; (b) you shall restrict access to the User Codes to those persons who are duly authorized to act on your behalf; (c) you shall notify GoldenTree immediately in the event any such User Code is lost, stolen, or the confidentiality of any such User Code has been compromised in any way or the authority of any person to act on your behalf has been revoked or limited; and (d) you are responsible for and will be bound by all statements made and instructions, assents and consents communicated under any such User Code, to the same extent that the same was under your duly signed writing.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Trademarks
GoldenTree owns and maintains this web site. Nothing contained within this web site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image, trademark, logo or service mark contained within the web site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from this web site will transfer title to any software or material contained within this web site to you. Anything that you transmit to this web site becomes the property of GoldenTree, may be used by GoldenTree for any lawful purpose, and is further subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by GoldenTree, including to any legal or regulatory authority to which GoldenTree is subject. GoldenTree reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained within this web site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this site without GoldenTree's written permission.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, GoldenTree. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Material to be Consulted in its Entirety
All materials contained within this web site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
FOR UK RESIDENTS ONLY
The information on this website is issued in the United Kingdom by GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (“we”, “us” and “our”). GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”).  The funds whose details are featured on the website (the “Funds”) are unregulated collective investment schemes for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). This website may make reference to a number of other GoldenTree entities, including Golden Tree Asset Management, L.P (“Other Entities”).  Activities carried on by, and the services provided by, Other Entities are not authorised or regulated by the FCA.
Some or all of the information on this website may be a financial promotion for the purposes of the Handbook of Rules and Guidance issued by the FCA (the “FCA Rules”).  Where such information relates to one or more Funds, it is exempt from the restriction in section 238(1) of the FSMA on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme, on the basis that this document is issued by us only to and/or is directed by us only at persons who are categorised as either professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FCA Rules) in respect of interests in the relevant Fund(s).  The investments and investment services to which the information on this website relates are not available to other persons and such other persons should, therefore, not act or rely on it.  In particular, any investment or service to which the information on this website may related is not intended for retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients.
Investments in hedge funds such as the Funds are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors could lose their entire investment. We neither provide investment advice to, nor receive and transmit orders from, investors in any Fund, nor do we carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules. It is the responsibility of all persons under whose control or into whose possession the materials on this website come, to inform themselves about and to ensure observance of all applicable provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in relation to the Funds referenced herein, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
For EEA Residents
In relation to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that have implemented the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (“AIFMD”), interests in the funds whose details appear on this website will only be offered or sold to investors in any such member state to the extent that the relevant fund: (i) is permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to Article 42 of the AIFMD (as implemented into applicable local law); or (ii) where any marketing, offer and sale of interests of the fund occurs exclusively at the initiative of the relevant investor.
Commitment to the UK Stewardship Code
Under Rule 2.2.3R of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (the "Firm") is required to include on this website a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, its alternative investment strategy. The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Investors that commit to the Code can either comply with it in full or choose not to comply with aspects of the Code, in which case they are required to explain their non compliance.
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is an absolute return investor focusing on multiple investment strategies with an emphasis on high yield credit. While the Firm may invest in global equities, including UK equities, it is not a significant element in its investment strategies. While the Code is relevant to some aspects of the Firm's trading, and the Firm generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP has chosen not to commit to the Code. The Firm invests in a variety of asset classes and in a variety of jurisdictions across Europe. The approach of the Firm in relation to engagement with issuers and their management are determined globally, on a group wide basis. The Firm, along with its U.S. affiliate, takes a global approach to engagement with issuers and their management in all of the jurisdictions in which it invests and, consequently, does not consider it appropriate to commit to any particular voluntary code of practice relating to any individual jurisdiction.
Inquiries
Inquiries concerning use of GoldenTree's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons copyrights or other intellectual property, or other inquiries regarding the terms and conditions of this web site should be addressed to GoldenTree Asset Management LP, Legal Department, 300 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022.





Privacy Policy


This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to nonpublic personal information of Investors, prospective Investors and former Investors.  These policies apply to individuals and Individual Retirement Accounts only and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you.
You provide us with personal information, such as your address, social security number, assets and/or income information, (i) in the Subscription Agreement and related documents, (ii) in correspondence and conversations with the our representatives and (iii) through transactions with or through us.
We do not disclose any of this personal information about our Investors, prospective Investors or former Investors to anyone, other than to our affiliates, and except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys and auditors in order to service your investment.  We will, however, release information about you if you direct us to do so or if compelled to do so by law. We may also disclose all of the information you provide to us to companies that perform services on our clients' behalf.  If such a disclosure is made, the Fund will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.










Client Login






Home
Firm
Strategies
People
News
Contact Us
Client Login









Overview
Global Presence
Breadth of Expertise
Collaborative Culture












1 of 3






globalpresence




breadth ofexpertise




collaborativeculture














overview
A Superior Approach
GoldenTree is an employee owned, global asset management firm that specializes in opportunities across the credit universe in sectors such as high yield bonds, leveraged loans, distressed debt, structured products, emerging markets and credit-themed equities. GoldenTree was founded in 2000 and is one of the largest independent asset managers focused on credit. GoldenTree manages over $25 billion1 for institutional investors including leading public and corporate pensions, endowments, foundations, insurance companies and sovereign wealth funds.












Solid & Diverse
global presence


GoldenTree has invested globally since its inception in 2000 and established a local presence in Europe in 2005. GoldenTree’s approach is designed to facilitate seamless communication across our global investment team. Today, the firm’s global footprint includes offices in New York, London and Singapore. In addition, GoldenTree is supported by a diverse capital base of institutional investors including leading public and corporate pensions, endowments, foundations, insurance companies and sovereign wealth funds.













breadth of expertise
Extensive Experience
We believe our governance structure is unique in that we offer our employees a path to partnership, which allows the firm to attract and maintain top-quality talent. Moreover, we believe GoldenTree has one of the most experienced teams of investment professionals in the industry, with approximately 50 investment professionals with average experience across the team of more than 17 years. Prior to joining GoldenTree, a number of members of our investment team were ranked as leaders in their peer group by Institutional Investor’s All-American Research Team survey.












collaborative culture
Integrity & Leadership



GoldenTree’s collaborative approach extends across sectors, regions, and perspectives. We believe this approach is a driving force in the differentiated performance of our strategies.













1. References to GoldenTree include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and its affiliated entities. 2. Global assets under management as of July 1, 2017. 3. For important legal disclosures and terms of use regarding the content of this website please see the Legal Disclosures/Terms of Use page included herein.









© 2017 GoldenTree Asset Management, LLC Legal Disclosures Privacy






         LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › LD Products      LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   LD Products Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/28/2017       LD Products Ratings and User Reviews. LD Products is rated 9.3 out of 10 from 1960 reviews. Last rated on 07/27/2017.    LD Products - Ink cartridge and inkjet refills offers new OEM, compatible, and remanufactured inkjet cartridges as well as InkTec ink refill kits and laser toner cartridges.        2016 Platinum Circle of Excellence   11 years               LD Products Rating             More About LD Products         Overall Satisfaction:     9.3 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.4 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.3 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 81% 82%     Neutral 15% 14%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         8.9 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.2 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.5 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         9.1 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         8.9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.6 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.5 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.3 out of 10   Customer Support:         9.2 out of 10   Product Availability:         9.6 out of 10   Returns Process:         8.6 out of 10                Recent Reviews for LD Products  Showing 1 - 20 of 1960 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Well Done !                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like your company but the billing address shipping address part was horrible.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Brad                           Jul 27, 2017            I'm not sure yet, but I'm hoping that the remanufactured ink cartridges work well. If so, I will return to buy many more.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                grandmaB                           Jul 27, 2017            A friend told me about LD Products some time ago and I went online and submitted an order.  Am nearly out of ink so I am reordering and really like the fact that this order is costing less than my first order due to a % off and free shipping. Your prices are much lower than the big box stores. I am on Social Security and this discount  really helps.Thank You!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I only hope that I have only one order coming.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Tom                           Jul 27, 2017            The process is made a bit more confusing by a plethora of options for a specific type of cartridge which are virtually indistinguishable. A bit more definition would be helpful                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Paradigmpi                           Jul 27, 2017            I really like your inks - have used your brother inks for about 10 years and have found them EXCELLENT.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Di                           Jul 27, 2017            Review of product is yet to be determined - 1st time use                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                jim                           Jul 27, 2017            my 1st order.   we will see how it goes.........                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                naklab                           Jul 13, 2017            The price is very reasonable, yet they seem to run out of ink fast.                   Jul 27, 2017  I did not realize how bad my first replacements were when I ordered a 2nd set. I now know they are not very good or my first order was ok. I really do not know. I learned a  lesson. Regards, Tiothy Balkan.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            It was very annoying having the ads keep popping up while trying to order.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                dave                           Jul 27, 2017            It is always fast convenient and the best quality and prices anywhere on the internet!I highly recommend this company!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like the prices but I wish there were more high yield option on the ink                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Always pleased with LD and their products!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Pat                           Jul 20, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  Goof Product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                bob                           Jul 27, 2017            best value available                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Satisfied with product and delivery of product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I've already recommended LD to several friends - one of which I know has ordered from you.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                kurtbebe                           Jul 27, 2017            Good prices.  Quality merchandise.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Steven                           Jul 27, 2017            Excellent and very nice...                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Contact Us | GoldenTree Asset Management LP


























Terms of Use


By accessing this web site, you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this web site. This web site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. GoldenTree Asset Management LP ("GoldenTree") reserves the right to, and may at any time, change the terms, conditions and notices under which this web site is offered. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. References to GoldenTree shall be deemed to include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and any of its affiliated entities.
Assets Under Management
Total assets, with respect to the structured product portfolios, such as CLOs, include the effects of leverage and available capital to invest. With respect to managed funds and accounts that have “private equity” type terms, assets under management include investors’ committed capital until such time as the applicable investment period has terminated.
No Offer of Securities
The material on this web site does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, advisory services or any securities or any interests in investment funds managed by GoldenTree. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Such offerings are made, and such investment advisory services are offered, only to persons who are "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with state broker-dealer, investment advisor, broker-dealer agent or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. This web site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. GoldenTree makes no representations or warranties that the content of this web site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
Limitation of Liability
While GoldenTree uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this web site, errors or omissions sometimes occur. All information and content on this web site is furnished "as is" and GoldenTree makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this web site, and makes no other warranty of any kind, implied or expressed. Under no circumstances shall GoldenTree nor any party or person involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this web site, even if a GoldenTree authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
GoldenTree also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
Performance Data
Any performance data quoted on this web site represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. The value of an investment may fall as well as rise. Investor principal is not guaranteed, and investors may not receive the full amount of their principal at the time of redemption if asset values have fallen. Investors should understand that performance results will be reduced by investment advisory fees and other expenses which may be incurred in connection with the account.
GoldenTree defines a distressed asset as an investment in the debt or equity of an issuer that, for reasons that may include operational, financial or market-related stress, has seen its value decline to a level that in its analysis was materially below the fundamental value of the asset.  For debt investments this typically includes securities trading at 75 cents on the dollar or below.
A structured product is a securitization of financial debt instruments ranging from high yield bank loans, student loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, auto loans, credit card receivables, trust preferred notes, emerging market debt.
Account Access
If you or any of your employees or agents access or use this web site for account access, you acknowledge and agree that such ELECTRONIC SERVICE IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR SUCH OTHER PERSON WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and you agree that any such access or use will be solely at your own risk, and GoldenTree will have no liability whatsoever relating to or arising out of any such access or use or any inaccuracies, errors, delays, omissions or other problems or failures of any such electronic service. Moreover, you agree that if you or any of your employees or agents are given any digital certificate(s), user name(s), and/or password(s) which may be required to access or use any electronic services (collectively, "User Codes"), (a) you shall take all necessary actions to preserve the confidentiality of such User Codes; (b) you shall restrict access to the User Codes to those persons who are duly authorized to act on your behalf; (c) you shall notify GoldenTree immediately in the event any such User Code is lost, stolen, or the confidentiality of any such User Code has been compromised in any way or the authority of any person to act on your behalf has been revoked or limited; and (d) you are responsible for and will be bound by all statements made and instructions, assents and consents communicated under any such User Code, to the same extent that the same was under your duly signed writing.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Trademarks
GoldenTree owns and maintains this web site. Nothing contained within this web site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image, trademark, logo or service mark contained within the web site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from this web site will transfer title to any software or material contained within this web site to you. Anything that you transmit to this web site becomes the property of GoldenTree, may be used by GoldenTree for any lawful purpose, and is further subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by GoldenTree, including to any legal or regulatory authority to which GoldenTree is subject. GoldenTree reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained within this web site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this site without GoldenTree's written permission.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, GoldenTree. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Material to be Consulted in its Entirety
All materials contained within this web site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
FOR UK RESIDENTS ONLY
The information on this website is issued in the United Kingdom by GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (“we”, “us” and “our”). GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”).  The funds whose details are featured on the website (the “Funds”) are unregulated collective investment schemes for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). This website may make reference to a number of other GoldenTree entities, including Golden Tree Asset Management, L.P (“Other Entities”).  Activities carried on by, and the services provided by, Other Entities are not authorised or regulated by the FCA.
Some or all of the information on this website may be a financial promotion for the purposes of the Handbook of Rules and Guidance issued by the FCA (the “FCA Rules”).  Where such information relates to one or more Funds, it is exempt from the restriction in section 238(1) of the FSMA on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme, on the basis that this document is issued by us only to and/or is directed by us only at persons who are categorised as either professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FCA Rules) in respect of interests in the relevant Fund(s).  The investments and investment services to which the information on this website relates are not available to other persons and such other persons should, therefore, not act or rely on it.  In particular, any investment or service to which the information on this website may related is not intended for retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients.
Investments in hedge funds such as the Funds are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors could lose their entire investment. We neither provide investment advice to, nor receive and transmit orders from, investors in any Fund, nor do we carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules. It is the responsibility of all persons under whose control or into whose possession the materials on this website come, to inform themselves about and to ensure observance of all applicable provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in relation to the Funds referenced herein, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
For EEA Residents
In relation to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that have implemented the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (“AIFMD”), interests in the funds whose details appear on this website will only be offered or sold to investors in any such member state to the extent that the relevant fund: (i) is permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to Article 42 of the AIFMD (as implemented into applicable local law); or (ii) where any marketing, offer and sale of interests of the fund occurs exclusively at the initiative of the relevant investor.
Commitment to the UK Stewardship Code
Under Rule 2.2.3R of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (the "Firm") is required to include on this website a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, its alternative investment strategy. The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Investors that commit to the Code can either comply with it in full or choose not to comply with aspects of the Code, in which case they are required to explain their non compliance.
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is an absolute return investor focusing on multiple investment strategies with an emphasis on high yield credit. While the Firm may invest in global equities, including UK equities, it is not a significant element in its investment strategies. While the Code is relevant to some aspects of the Firm's trading, and the Firm generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP has chosen not to commit to the Code. The Firm invests in a variety of asset classes and in a variety of jurisdictions across Europe. The approach of the Firm in relation to engagement with issuers and their management are determined globally, on a group wide basis. The Firm, along with its U.S. affiliate, takes a global approach to engagement with issuers and their management in all of the jurisdictions in which it invests and, consequently, does not consider it appropriate to commit to any particular voluntary code of practice relating to any individual jurisdiction.
Inquiries
Inquiries concerning use of GoldenTree's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons copyrights or other intellectual property, or other inquiries regarding the terms and conditions of this web site should be addressed to GoldenTree Asset Management LP, Legal Department, 300 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022.





Privacy Policy


This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to nonpublic personal information of Investors, prospective Investors and former Investors.  These policies apply to individuals and Individual Retirement Accounts only and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you.
You provide us with personal information, such as your address, social security number, assets and/or income information, (i) in the Subscription Agreement and related documents, (ii) in correspondence and conversations with the our representatives and (iii) through transactions with or through us.
We do not disclose any of this personal information about our Investors, prospective Investors or former Investors to anyone, other than to our affiliates, and except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys and auditors in order to service your investment.  We will, however, release information about you if you direct us to do so or if compelled to do so by law. We may also disclose all of the information you provide to us to companies that perform services on our clients' behalf.  If such a disclosure is made, the Fund will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.










Client Login






Home
Firm
Strategies
People
News
Contact Us
Client Login









Locations
Get in Touch





Contact








Our
Locations




New York
London
Singapore



GoldenTree Asset Management LP



300 Park Avenue21st FloorNew York, NY 10022


Phone (212) 847-3500Fax (212) 847-3537









GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP



33 Davies Street4th FloorLondon, W1K 4BP


Phone (44) 207-925-8800Fax (44) 207-925-8841









GoldenTree Asset Management Singapore Pte. Ltd



8 Marina View#34-02A Asia Square Tower 1Singapore 018960


Phone (65) 6320 7050



























Get in Touch




Investor of Fund Inquiries
info@goldentree.com
Media Inquiries
media@goldentree.com
Career Opportunities
gtamrecruiting@goldentree.com


















Message
Send Message















© 2017 GoldenTree Asset Management, LLC Legal Disclosures Privacy
















Our People | GoldenTree Asset Management LP


























Terms of Use


By accessing this web site, you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this web site. This web site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. GoldenTree Asset Management LP ("GoldenTree") reserves the right to, and may at any time, change the terms, conditions and notices under which this web site is offered. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. References to GoldenTree shall be deemed to include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and any of its affiliated entities.
Assets Under Management
Total assets, with respect to the structured product portfolios, such as CLOs, include the effects of leverage and available capital to invest. With respect to managed funds and accounts that have “private equity” type terms, assets under management include investors’ committed capital until such time as the applicable investment period has terminated.
No Offer of Securities
The material on this web site does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, advisory services or any securities or any interests in investment funds managed by GoldenTree. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Such offerings are made, and such investment advisory services are offered, only to persons who are "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with state broker-dealer, investment advisor, broker-dealer agent or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. This web site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. GoldenTree makes no representations or warranties that the content of this web site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
Limitation of Liability
While GoldenTree uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this web site, errors or omissions sometimes occur. All information and content on this web site is furnished "as is" and GoldenTree makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this web site, and makes no other warranty of any kind, implied or expressed. Under no circumstances shall GoldenTree nor any party or person involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this web site, even if a GoldenTree authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
GoldenTree also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
Performance Data
Any performance data quoted on this web site represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. The value of an investment may fall as well as rise. Investor principal is not guaranteed, and investors may not receive the full amount of their principal at the time of redemption if asset values have fallen. Investors should understand that performance results will be reduced by investment advisory fees and other expenses which may be incurred in connection with the account.
GoldenTree defines a distressed asset as an investment in the debt or equity of an issuer that, for reasons that may include operational, financial or market-related stress, has seen its value decline to a level that in its analysis was materially below the fundamental value of the asset.  For debt investments this typically includes securities trading at 75 cents on the dollar or below.
A structured product is a securitization of financial debt instruments ranging from high yield bank loans, student loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, auto loans, credit card receivables, trust preferred notes, emerging market debt.
Account Access
If you or any of your employees or agents access or use this web site for account access, you acknowledge and agree that such ELECTRONIC SERVICE IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR SUCH OTHER PERSON WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and you agree that any such access or use will be solely at your own risk, and GoldenTree will have no liability whatsoever relating to or arising out of any such access or use or any inaccuracies, errors, delays, omissions or other problems or failures of any such electronic service. Moreover, you agree that if you or any of your employees or agents are given any digital certificate(s), user name(s), and/or password(s) which may be required to access or use any electronic services (collectively, "User Codes"), (a) you shall take all necessary actions to preserve the confidentiality of such User Codes; (b) you shall restrict access to the User Codes to those persons who are duly authorized to act on your behalf; (c) you shall notify GoldenTree immediately in the event any such User Code is lost, stolen, or the confidentiality of any such User Code has been compromised in any way or the authority of any person to act on your behalf has been revoked or limited; and (d) you are responsible for and will be bound by all statements made and instructions, assents and consents communicated under any such User Code, to the same extent that the same was under your duly signed writing.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Trademarks
GoldenTree owns and maintains this web site. Nothing contained within this web site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image, trademark, logo or service mark contained within the web site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from this web site will transfer title to any software or material contained within this web site to you. Anything that you transmit to this web site becomes the property of GoldenTree, may be used by GoldenTree for any lawful purpose, and is further subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by GoldenTree, including to any legal or regulatory authority to which GoldenTree is subject. GoldenTree reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained within this web site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this site without GoldenTree's written permission.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, GoldenTree. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Material to be Consulted in its Entirety
All materials contained within this web site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
FOR UK RESIDENTS ONLY
The information on this website is issued in the United Kingdom by GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (“we”, “us” and “our”). GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”).  The funds whose details are featured on the website (the “Funds”) are unregulated collective investment schemes for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). This website may make reference to a number of other GoldenTree entities, including Golden Tree Asset Management, L.P (“Other Entities”).  Activities carried on by, and the services provided by, Other Entities are not authorised or regulated by the FCA.
Some or all of the information on this website may be a financial promotion for the purposes of the Handbook of Rules and Guidance issued by the FCA (the “FCA Rules”).  Where such information relates to one or more Funds, it is exempt from the restriction in section 238(1) of the FSMA on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme, on the basis that this document is issued by us only to and/or is directed by us only at persons who are categorised as either professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FCA Rules) in respect of interests in the relevant Fund(s).  The investments and investment services to which the information on this website relates are not available to other persons and such other persons should, therefore, not act or rely on it.  In particular, any investment or service to which the information on this website may related is not intended for retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients.
Investments in hedge funds such as the Funds are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors could lose their entire investment. We neither provide investment advice to, nor receive and transmit orders from, investors in any Fund, nor do we carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules. It is the responsibility of all persons under whose control or into whose possession the materials on this website come, to inform themselves about and to ensure observance of all applicable provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in relation to the Funds referenced herein, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
For EEA Residents
In relation to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that have implemented the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (“AIFMD”), interests in the funds whose details appear on this website will only be offered or sold to investors in any such member state to the extent that the relevant fund: (i) is permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to Article 42 of the AIFMD (as implemented into applicable local law); or (ii) where any marketing, offer and sale of interests of the fund occurs exclusively at the initiative of the relevant investor.
Commitment to the UK Stewardship Code
Under Rule 2.2.3R of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (the "Firm") is required to include on this website a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, its alternative investment strategy. The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Investors that commit to the Code can either comply with it in full or choose not to comply with aspects of the Code, in which case they are required to explain their non compliance.
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is an absolute return investor focusing on multiple investment strategies with an emphasis on high yield credit. While the Firm may invest in global equities, including UK equities, it is not a significant element in its investment strategies. While the Code is relevant to some aspects of the Firm's trading, and the Firm generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP has chosen not to commit to the Code. The Firm invests in a variety of asset classes and in a variety of jurisdictions across Europe. The approach of the Firm in relation to engagement with issuers and their management are determined globally, on a group wide basis. The Firm, along with its U.S. affiliate, takes a global approach to engagement with issuers and their management in all of the jurisdictions in which it invests and, consequently, does not consider it appropriate to commit to any particular voluntary code of practice relating to any individual jurisdiction.
Inquiries
Inquiries concerning use of GoldenTree's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons copyrights or other intellectual property, or other inquiries regarding the terms and conditions of this web site should be addressed to GoldenTree Asset Management LP, Legal Department, 300 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022.





Privacy Policy


This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to nonpublic personal information of Investors, prospective Investors and former Investors.  These policies apply to individuals and Individual Retirement Accounts only and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you.
You provide us with personal information, such as your address, social security number, assets and/or income information, (i) in the Subscription Agreement and related documents, (ii) in correspondence and conversations with the our representatives and (iii) through transactions with or through us.
We do not disclose any of this personal information about our Investors, prospective Investors or former Investors to anyone, other than to our affiliates, and except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys and auditors in order to service your investment.  We will, however, release information about you if you direct us to do so or if compelled to do so by law. We may also disclose all of the information you provide to us to companies that perform services on our clients' behalf.  If such a disclosure is made, the Fund will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.










Client Login






Home
Firm
Strategies
People
News
Contact Us
Client Login









Executive Committee
Areas of the Firm





People






GoldenTree’s
Executive Committee







Steven A. Tananbaum
Founding Partner, Chief Investment Officer & Executive Committee Member






Steven Tananbaum is Founder, Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of GoldenTree Asset Management, overseeing the firm’s investments across all fund offerings. In addition, Mr. Tananbaum is a Lead Portfolio Manager for GoldenTree Loan Management. Mr. Tananbaum chairs GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and is a member of the Risk Committee. A veteran of the credit markets with over 25 years of investing experience, Mr. Tananbaum founded GoldenTree in 2000 and was instrumental in building the firm into an organization that is highly regarded for its investment process and partnership culture. Known for its focus on fundamental and relative value analysis, GoldenTree has produced strong competitive returns across product lines since its inception. The firm has grown into an organization of 26 partners, over 230 employees and over $25 billion of assets under management. Prior to forming GoldenTree, Mr. Tananbaum spent over a decade at MacKay Shields, serving as head of its high yield group beginning on June 1, 1991. Under Mr. Tananbaum’s leadership, MacKay Shields’ high yield mutual funds were rated in the top 5% by Lipper from June 1, 1991 through December 31, 1999. He also founded and served as lead portfolio manager of the firm’s hedge fund business. Prior to joining MacKay Shields, Mr. Tananbaum worked primarily on high yield and merger & acquisition transactions in the corporate finance department of Kidder, Peabody & Co. He is a graduate of Vassar College with a B.A. in Economics. Mr. Tananbaum is a CFA charter holder and is a Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.









Robert Matza
President, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Robert Matza is a Partner and President of GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Matza is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Mr. Matza manages GoldenTree’s Business Management infrastructure, which provides operational and infrastructure support to GoldenTree’s investment products and client franchise. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Matza was President and Chief Operating Officer of Neuberger Berman, Inc., as well as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors, Executive Committee and Lehman Brothers’ Management and Investment Committees. Previously, in 1996, he joined Travelers Group as its Treasurer and became Deputy Treasurer of Citigroup after Travelers and Citicorp merged in 1998. While at Citigroup, he was on the Finance, Investment and Merger & Acquisition Committees. Before joining Travelers, Mr. Matza spent 16 years with Lehman Brothers and its predecessor companies, where he last served as Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Operating and Investment Committees. He began his career at Coopers and Lybrand on the audit staff. Mr. Matza is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board and the Board of the Center for Institutional Investment Management of the University at Albany’s School of Business. Mr. Matza earned his B.S. in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany, his M.B.A in Finance from New York University and he is a Certified Public Accountant.









Steven Shapiro
Partner & Executive Committee Member






Steven Shapiro is a Founding Partner at GoldenTree Asset Management and is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Shapiro was a Managing Director in the High Yield Group at CIBC World Markets, where he headed Media and Telecommunications Research. Prior to its acquisition by CIBC in 1995, Mr. Shapiro was a research analyst with The Argosy Group, a high yield investment-banking boutique in New York. Before joining Argosy, Mr. Shapiro was a bankruptcy attorney with Stroock & Stroock & Lavan in New York. Mr. Shapiro is a member of the board of various not-for-profit entities including the Board of Overseers of the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He is also President of the Board of Trustees of the Abraham Joshua Heschel School in New York. Mr. Shapiro is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he served as Senior Editor of the Labor Law Journal. He graduated with Honors from the University of Pennsylvania College of Arts & Sciences with a major in Modern Diplomatic History and was a member of the History Honor Society.









Joseph Naggar
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Joseph Naggar is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of Structured Products at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Mr. Naggar is a Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Naggar is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and chairs the firm’s Risk Committee.  GoldenTree expanded its investing efforts in Structured Products in 2007 with the hiring of Mr. Naggar, who has been instrumental in building the firm’s structured products investment team.  Under Mr. Naggar’s direction, GoldenTree built highly sophisticated, proprietary systems to analyze opportunities in structured products, which integrate the firm’s proprietary knowledge of single name credits into the analysis of structured products investments.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Naggar was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley in its Global Fixed Income Division and Global Principal Credit Group.  Mr. Naggar serves on the advisory board of the MIT Center for Finance and Policy.  He holds an M.B.A from the MIT Sloan School of Business with a concentration in Financial Engineering and a B.S. from the Pennsylvania State University in Mechanical Engineering through the University Scholars program.









Lee Kruter
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Lee Kruter is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of the firm’s Value Fund Strategy that has a track record spanning over 15 years and has consistently ranked in the top decile of its peer group.   In addition, Mr. Kruter is a Lead Portfolio Manager for GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Kruter is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and the firm's Risk Committee.  Mr. Kruter’s leadership has been instrumental in the performance and growth of the firm’s long only offerings including our Value, Loan and Multi-Sector strategies.  Mr. Kruter’s current responsibilities at GoldenTree also include covering investments across the firm in the services, lodging and healthcare industries.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Kruter was a Vice President at Credit Suisse and spent seven years in the Leveraged Finance Research group, where he was responsible for the healthcare and services sectors.  During his time at Credit Suisse, Mr. Kruter also covered various other sectors including metals & mining and wireless & wireline telecommunications.  Mr. Kruter holds a B.S. in Finance and Management Information Systems from New York University’s Leonard N. Stern School of Business. Mr. Kruter is also a CFA charterholder.









Frederick S. Haddad
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner &  Executive Committee Member






Fred Haddad is a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Haddad is a Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Haddad is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Haddad was a Managing Director at the Royal Bank of Canada from 1997 to 1999, where he established and managed Royal Bank’s U.S. leveraged finance business, which included a portfolio of high yield bank loans.  From 1990 to 1997, Mr. Haddad was a Senior Vice President with Credit Lyonnais, USA (now Credit Agricole), where he managed the Leveraged Finance, Loan Trading, Loan Syndication, and Asset Recovery groups.  He was responsible for broadly diversified, sub-investment grade loan portfolios as well as numerous private equity investments.  Mr. Haddad began his banking career in 1974 with the Irving Trust Company (which merged with the Bank of New York in 1989) where he founded Irving’s Corporate Finance Department, which he ran until 1990.  Mr. Haddad received an A.B. degree in Economics and English from Lafayette College and an M.B.A degree from the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.









Kathy Sutherland
Head of Business Development, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Kathy Sutherland is a Partner and Head of Business Development at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Ms. Sutherland is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Ms. Sutherland oversees the firm’s global Business Development effort located in New York, London and Singapore. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Ms. Sutherland was a Managing Director at JP Morgan where she was responsible for Fund and Structured Product Distribution across the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia from 2005 to 2008.  During that period, JPMorgan became recognized as a leading Fund and Structured Product franchise, advising many of the most important asset managers and investors globally.  In her 12 years at JP Morgan, Ms. Sutherland held several management positions across Portfolio Management, Structured Credit and High Yield including Senior US CLO Structurer, Co-Head of European Secondary Loan Trading, Head of High Yield Credit Derivatives Marketing, and Global Head of Structured Syndicate.  Ms. Sutherland graduated from the University of Virginia with a B.A. in Chemistry and specialization in Biochemistry.









Pierre de Chillaz
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Pierre de Chillaz is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of European Investments at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Mr. de Chillaz is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee.  GoldenTree has been investing in Europe for over 15 years and has had a local presence in Europe for over a decade.  Mr. de Chillaz leadership over the last decade has contributed to significant growth of the firm’s presence and recognition in the European credit markets.  In Europe, the firm is active across a broad array of opportunities including distressed, senior secured, structured products and special situations.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. de Chillaz worked in investment banking for Bank of America Securities.  Mr. de Chillaz earned his B.A. from Paris Dauphine University and received a Master’s degree in International Economics and Finance from Brandeis University.









Ted S. Lodge
Global Head of Restructurings and Turnarounds, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Ted Lodge is a Partner and Global Head of Restructurings and Turnarounds at GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Lodge is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Mr. Lodge has extensive operational, financial and legal experience, and has worked in a broad array of industries, including media and telecommunications, oil and gas, manufacturing, distribution, travel and leisure and financial services. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Lodge spearheaded restructurings and turnarounds of businesses in his capacities as Chairman of the Board, Executive Chairman or President, and served on numerous Boards of Directors. Mr. Lodge is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he served as Executive Editor of Comparative Business and Capital Markets Law Journal. In addition, Mr. Lodge earned a Master of Science degree in Economic History from the London School of Economics.  Mr. Lodge holds an A.B. in Political Economy (Magna Cum Laude) from Brown University.  Mr. Lodge participated as a panelist at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton Inaugural Restructuring Conference, and is a member of the Turnaround Management Association, American Bankruptcy Institute and National Association of Corporate Directors.














Steven A. TananbaumFounding Partner, Chief Investment Officer & Executive Committee Member






Robert MatzaPresident, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Steven ShapiroPartner & Executive Committee Member









Steven A. Tananbaum
Founding Partner, Chief Investment Officer & Executive Committee Member







Steven Tananbaum is Founder, Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of GoldenTree Asset Management, overseeing the firm’s investments across all fund offerings. In addition, Mr. Tananbaum is a Lead Portfolio Manager for GoldenTree Loan Management. Mr. Tananbaum chairs GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and is a member of the Risk Committee. A veteran of the credit markets with over 25 years of investing experience, Mr. Tananbaum founded GoldenTree in 2000 and was instrumental in building the firm into an organization that is highly regarded for its investment process and partnership culture. Known for its focus on fundamental and relative value analysis, GoldenTree has produced strong competitive returns across product lines since its inception. The firm has grown into an organization of 26 partners, over 230 employees and over $25 billion of assets under management. Prior to forming GoldenTree, Mr. Tananbaum spent over a decade at MacKay Shields, serving as head of its high yield group beginning on June 1, 1991. Under Mr. Tananbaum’s leadership, MacKay Shields’ high yield mutual funds were rated in the top 5% by Lipper from June 1, 1991 through December 31, 1999. He also founded and served as lead portfolio manager of the firm’s hedge fund business. Prior to joining MacKay Shields, Mr. Tananbaum worked primarily on high yield and merger & acquisition transactions in the corporate finance department of Kidder, Peabody & Co. He is a graduate of Vassar College with a B.A. in Economics. Mr. Tananbaum is a CFA charter holder and is a Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.










Robert Matza
President, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Robert Matza is a Partner and President of GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Matza is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Mr. Matza manages GoldenTree’s Business Management infrastructure, which provides operational and infrastructure support to GoldenTree’s investment products and client franchise. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Matza was President and Chief Operating Officer of Neuberger Berman, Inc., as well as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors, Executive Committee and Lehman Brothers’ Management and Investment Committees. Previously, in 1996, he joined Travelers Group as its Treasurer and became Deputy Treasurer of Citigroup after Travelers and Citicorp merged in 1998. While at Citigroup, he was on the Finance, Investment and Merger & Acquisition Committees. Before joining Travelers, Mr. Matza spent 16 years with Lehman Brothers and its predecessor companies, where he last served as Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Operating and Investment Committees. He began his career at Coopers and Lybrand on the audit staff. Mr. Matza is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board and the Board of the Center for Institutional Investment Management of the University at Albany’s School of Business. Mr. Matza earned his B.S. in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany, his M.B.A in Finance from New York University and he is a Certified Public Accountant.










Steven Shapiro
Partner & Executive Committee Member







Steven Shapiro is a Founding Partner at GoldenTree Asset Management and is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Shapiro was a Managing Director in the High Yield Group at CIBC World Markets, where he headed Media and Telecommunications Research. Prior to its acquisition by CIBC in 1995, Mr. Shapiro was a research analyst with The Argosy Group, a high yield investment-banking boutique in New York. Before joining Argosy, Mr. Shapiro was a bankruptcy attorney with Stroock & Stroock & Lavan in New York. Mr. Shapiro is a member of the board of various not-for-profit entities including the Board of Overseers of the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He is also President of the Board of Trustees of the Abraham Joshua Heschel School in New York. Mr. Shapiro is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he served as Senior Editor of the Labor Law Journal. He graduated with Honors from the University of Pennsylvania College of Arts & Sciences with a major in Modern Diplomatic History and was a member of the History Honor Society.













Joseph NaggarSenior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Lee KruterSenior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Frederick S. HaddadSenior Portfolio Manager, Partner &  Executive Committee Member









Joseph Naggar
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Joseph Naggar is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of Structured Products at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Mr. Naggar is a Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Naggar is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and chairs the firm’s Risk Committee.  GoldenTree expanded its investing efforts in Structured Products in 2007 with the hiring of Mr. Naggar, who has been instrumental in building the firm’s structured products investment team.  Under Mr. Naggar’s direction, GoldenTree built highly sophisticated, proprietary systems to analyze opportunities in structured products, which integrate the firm’s proprietary knowledge of single name credits into the analysis of structured products investments.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Naggar was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley in its Global Fixed Income Division and Global Principal Credit Group.  Mr. Naggar serves on the advisory board of the MIT Center for Finance and Policy.  He holds an M.B.A from the MIT Sloan School of Business with a concentration in Financial Engineering and a B.S. from the Pennsylvania State University in Mechanical Engineering through the University Scholars program.










Lee Kruter
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Lee Kruter is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of the firm’s Value Fund Strategy that has a track record spanning over 15 years and has consistently ranked in the top decile of its peer group.   In addition, Mr. Kruter is a Lead Portfolio Manager for GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Kruter is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee and the firm's Risk Committee.  Mr. Kruter’s leadership has been instrumental in the performance and growth of the firm’s long only offerings including our Value, Loan and Multi-Sector strategies.  Mr. Kruter’s current responsibilities at GoldenTree also include covering investments across the firm in the services, lodging and healthcare industries.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Kruter was a Vice President at Credit Suisse and spent seven years in the Leveraged Finance Research group, where he was responsible for the healthcare and services sectors.  During his time at Credit Suisse, Mr. Kruter also covered various other sectors including metals & mining and wireless & wireline telecommunications.  Mr. Kruter holds a B.S. in Finance and Management Information Systems from New York University’s Leonard N. Stern School of Business. Mr. Kruter is also a CFA charterholder.










Frederick S. Haddad
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner &  Executive Committee Member







Fred Haddad is a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Haddad is a Senior Portfolio Manager at GoldenTree Loan Management.  Mr. Haddad is a member of GoldenTree Asset Management’s Executive Committee. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Haddad was a Managing Director at the Royal Bank of Canada from 1997 to 1999, where he established and managed Royal Bank’s U.S. leveraged finance business, which included a portfolio of high yield bank loans.  From 1990 to 1997, Mr. Haddad was a Senior Vice President with Credit Lyonnais, USA (now Credit Agricole), where he managed the Leveraged Finance, Loan Trading, Loan Syndication, and Asset Recovery groups.  He was responsible for broadly diversified, sub-investment grade loan portfolios as well as numerous private equity investments.  Mr. Haddad began his banking career in 1974 with the Irving Trust Company (which merged with the Bank of New York in 1989) where he founded Irving’s Corporate Finance Department, which he ran until 1990.  Mr. Haddad received an A.B. degree in Economics and English from Lafayette College and an M.B.A degree from the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.













Kathy SutherlandHead of Business Development, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Pierre de ChillazSenior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member






Ted S. LodgeGlobal Head of Restructurings and Turnarounds, Partner & Executive Committee Member









Kathy Sutherland
Head of Business Development, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Kathy Sutherland is a Partner and Head of Business Development at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Ms. Sutherland is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Ms. Sutherland oversees the firm’s global Business Development effort located in New York, London and Singapore. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Ms. Sutherland was a Managing Director at JP Morgan where she was responsible for Fund and Structured Product Distribution across the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia from 2005 to 2008.  During that period, JPMorgan became recognized as a leading Fund and Structured Product franchise, advising many of the most important asset managers and investors globally.  In her 12 years at JP Morgan, Ms. Sutherland held several management positions across Portfolio Management, Structured Credit and High Yield including Senior US CLO Structurer, Co-Head of European Secondary Loan Trading, Head of High Yield Credit Derivatives Marketing, and Global Head of Structured Syndicate.  Ms. Sutherland graduated from the University of Virginia with a B.A. in Chemistry and specialization in Biochemistry.










Pierre de Chillaz
Senior Portfolio Manager, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Pierre de Chillaz is a Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of European Investments at GoldenTree Asset Management.  In addition, Mr. de Chillaz is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee.  GoldenTree has been investing in Europe for over 15 years and has had a local presence in Europe for over a decade.  Mr. de Chillaz leadership over the last decade has contributed to significant growth of the firm’s presence and recognition in the European credit markets.  In Europe, the firm is active across a broad array of opportunities including distressed, senior secured, structured products and special situations.  Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. de Chillaz worked in investment banking for Bank of America Securities.  Mr. de Chillaz earned his B.A. from Paris Dauphine University and received a Master’s degree in International Economics and Finance from Brandeis University.










Ted S. Lodge
Global Head of Restructurings and Turnarounds, Partner & Executive Committee Member







Ted Lodge is a Partner and Global Head of Restructurings and Turnarounds at GoldenTree Asset Management. In addition, Mr. Lodge is a member of GoldenTree’s Executive Committee. Mr. Lodge has extensive operational, financial and legal experience, and has worked in a broad array of industries, including media and telecommunications, oil and gas, manufacturing, distribution, travel and leisure and financial services. Prior to joining GoldenTree, Mr. Lodge spearheaded restructurings and turnarounds of businesses in his capacities as Chairman of the Board, Executive Chairman or President, and served on numerous Boards of Directors. Mr. Lodge is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he served as Executive Editor of Comparative Business and Capital Markets Law Journal. In addition, Mr. Lodge earned a Master of Science degree in Economic History from the London School of Economics.  Mr. Lodge holds an A.B. in Political Economy (Magna Cum Laude) from Brown University.  Mr. Lodge participated as a panelist at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton Inaugural Restructuring Conference, and is a member of the Turnaround Management Association, American Bankruptcy Institute and National Association of Corporate Directors.














Our Organization
Extensive Institutional Infrastructure



Investment Team


Industry Specialists
Structured Products
Restructuring Specialists
Emerging Markets
Capital Markets
Trading



Business Management


Accounting & Tax
Operations & Treasury
Technology
Legal & Compliance
Human Resources
Performance & Reporting



Business Development


Marketing
Product Specialists
Infrastructure
Client Service
Event Planning
Public Relations








© 2017 GoldenTree Asset Management, LLC Legal Disclosures Privacy
















Our Firm - Vision & Statistics | GoldenTree Asset Management LP


























Terms of Use


By accessing this web site, you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this web site. This web site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. GoldenTree Asset Management LP ("GoldenTree") reserves the right to, and may at any time, change the terms, conditions and notices under which this web site is offered. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. References to GoldenTree shall be deemed to include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and any of its affiliated entities.
Assets Under Management
Total assets, with respect to the structured product portfolios, such as CLOs, include the effects of leverage and available capital to invest. With respect to managed funds and accounts that have “private equity” type terms, assets under management include investors’ committed capital until such time as the applicable investment period has terminated.
No Offer of Securities
The material on this web site does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, advisory services or any securities or any interests in investment funds managed by GoldenTree. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Such offerings are made, and such investment advisory services are offered, only to persons who are "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with state broker-dealer, investment advisor, broker-dealer agent or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. This web site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. GoldenTree makes no representations or warranties that the content of this web site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
Limitation of Liability
While GoldenTree uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this web site, errors or omissions sometimes occur. All information and content on this web site is furnished "as is" and GoldenTree makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this web site, and makes no other warranty of any kind, implied or expressed. Under no circumstances shall GoldenTree nor any party or person involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this web site, even if a GoldenTree authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
GoldenTree also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
Performance Data
Any performance data quoted on this web site represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. The value of an investment may fall as well as rise. Investor principal is not guaranteed, and investors may not receive the full amount of their principal at the time of redemption if asset values have fallen. Investors should understand that performance results will be reduced by investment advisory fees and other expenses which may be incurred in connection with the account.
GoldenTree defines a distressed asset as an investment in the debt or equity of an issuer that, for reasons that may include operational, financial or market-related stress, has seen its value decline to a level that in its analysis was materially below the fundamental value of the asset.  For debt investments this typically includes securities trading at 75 cents on the dollar or below.
A structured product is a securitization of financial debt instruments ranging from high yield bank loans, student loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, auto loans, credit card receivables, trust preferred notes, emerging market debt.
Account Access
If you or any of your employees or agents access or use this web site for account access, you acknowledge and agree that such ELECTRONIC SERVICE IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR SUCH OTHER PERSON WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and you agree that any such access or use will be solely at your own risk, and GoldenTree will have no liability whatsoever relating to or arising out of any such access or use or any inaccuracies, errors, delays, omissions or other problems or failures of any such electronic service. Moreover, you agree that if you or any of your employees or agents are given any digital certificate(s), user name(s), and/or password(s) which may be required to access or use any electronic services (collectively, "User Codes"), (a) you shall take all necessary actions to preserve the confidentiality of such User Codes; (b) you shall restrict access to the User Codes to those persons who are duly authorized to act on your behalf; (c) you shall notify GoldenTree immediately in the event any such User Code is lost, stolen, or the confidentiality of any such User Code has been compromised in any way or the authority of any person to act on your behalf has been revoked or limited; and (d) you are responsible for and will be bound by all statements made and instructions, assents and consents communicated under any such User Code, to the same extent that the same was under your duly signed writing.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Trademarks
GoldenTree owns and maintains this web site. Nothing contained within this web site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image, trademark, logo or service mark contained within the web site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from this web site will transfer title to any software or material contained within this web site to you. Anything that you transmit to this web site becomes the property of GoldenTree, may be used by GoldenTree for any lawful purpose, and is further subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by GoldenTree, including to any legal or regulatory authority to which GoldenTree is subject. GoldenTree reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained within this web site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this site without GoldenTree's written permission.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, GoldenTree. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Material to be Consulted in its Entirety
All materials contained within this web site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
FOR UK RESIDENTS ONLY
The information on this website is issued in the United Kingdom by GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (“we”, “us” and “our”). GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”).  The funds whose details are featured on the website (the “Funds”) are unregulated collective investment schemes for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). This website may make reference to a number of other GoldenTree entities, including Golden Tree Asset Management, L.P (“Other Entities”).  Activities carried on by, and the services provided by, Other Entities are not authorised or regulated by the FCA.
Some or all of the information on this website may be a financial promotion for the purposes of the Handbook of Rules and Guidance issued by the FCA (the “FCA Rules”).  Where such information relates to one or more Funds, it is exempt from the restriction in section 238(1) of the FSMA on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme, on the basis that this document is issued by us only to and/or is directed by us only at persons who are categorised as either professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FCA Rules) in respect of interests in the relevant Fund(s).  The investments and investment services to which the information on this website relates are not available to other persons and such other persons should, therefore, not act or rely on it.  In particular, any investment or service to which the information on this website may related is not intended for retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients.
Investments in hedge funds such as the Funds are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors could lose their entire investment. We neither provide investment advice to, nor receive and transmit orders from, investors in any Fund, nor do we carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules. It is the responsibility of all persons under whose control or into whose possession the materials on this website come, to inform themselves about and to ensure observance of all applicable provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in relation to the Funds referenced herein, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
For EEA Residents
In relation to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that have implemented the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (“AIFMD”), interests in the funds whose details appear on this website will only be offered or sold to investors in any such member state to the extent that the relevant fund: (i) is permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to Article 42 of the AIFMD (as implemented into applicable local law); or (ii) where any marketing, offer and sale of interests of the fund occurs exclusively at the initiative of the relevant investor.
Commitment to the UK Stewardship Code
Under Rule 2.2.3R of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (the "Firm") is required to include on this website a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, its alternative investment strategy. The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Investors that commit to the Code can either comply with it in full or choose not to comply with aspects of the Code, in which case they are required to explain their non compliance.
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is an absolute return investor focusing on multiple investment strategies with an emphasis on high yield credit. While the Firm may invest in global equities, including UK equities, it is not a significant element in its investment strategies. While the Code is relevant to some aspects of the Firm's trading, and the Firm generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP has chosen not to commit to the Code. The Firm invests in a variety of asset classes and in a variety of jurisdictions across Europe. The approach of the Firm in relation to engagement with issuers and their management are determined globally, on a group wide basis. The Firm, along with its U.S. affiliate, takes a global approach to engagement with issuers and their management in all of the jurisdictions in which it invests and, consequently, does not consider it appropriate to commit to any particular voluntary code of practice relating to any individual jurisdiction.
Inquiries
Inquiries concerning use of GoldenTree's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons copyrights or other intellectual property, or other inquiries regarding the terms and conditions of this web site should be addressed to GoldenTree Asset Management LP, Legal Department, 300 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022.





Privacy Policy


This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to nonpublic personal information of Investors, prospective Investors and former Investors.  These policies apply to individuals and Individual Retirement Accounts only and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you.
You provide us with personal information, such as your address, social security number, assets and/or income information, (i) in the Subscription Agreement and related documents, (ii) in correspondence and conversations with the our representatives and (iii) through transactions with or through us.
We do not disclose any of this personal information about our Investors, prospective Investors or former Investors to anyone, other than to our affiliates, and except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys and auditors in order to service your investment.  We will, however, release information about you if you direct us to do so or if compelled to do so by law. We may also disclose all of the information you provide to us to companies that perform services on our clients' behalf.  If such a disclosure is made, the Fund will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.










Client Login






Home
Firm
Strategies
People
News
Contact Us
Client Login









About Us
By the Numbers
Firm Philosophy





Our Firm










GoldenTree is an employee owned asset management firm that specializes in opportunities across the credit universe in sectors such as high yield bonds, leveraged loans, distressed debt, structured products, emerging markets and credit-themed equities. The firm has been managing assets on behalf of our investors for over 17 years and has managed an asset base of more than $5 billion since 2003. We are one of the largest independent asset managers focused on credit with over $25 billion in assets under management.
Our investments are designed with the intent to preserve and grow our investors’ capital utilizing our fundamental value-based approach. This approach is executed by, what we believe to be, one of the most experienced teams of investment professionals in the market place. The firm’s partnership structure is designed to ensure that we are disciplined in managing our capital base and focused on delivering differentiated top tier performance relative to our peer group. The firm has over 230 employees, 26 of whom are partners, with offices in New York, London and Singapore.




About
Goldentree
















BY THE
Numbers









17
Year Successful Track Record




17 Year Successful Track Record:
In 2000, GoldenTree was founded based on the principles of fundamental value investing with a focus on margin of safety and a total return approach. Our investment process has been executed across market cycles for over 17 years








10+
Years of Global Presence




Over 10 Years of Global Presence:
GoldenTree expanded its global footprint with the opening of its European office in 2005. Over the last decade GoldenTree has been recognized as an established and respected participant in the European credit markets with local expertise in corporate credit, structured products, trading, restructuring, sourcing and business development








$25+
Billion of AUM




Over $25 Billion of AUM:
GoldenTree is one of the largest independent asset managers focused on global credit markets. With expertise across areas such as corporate, structured, distressed and emerging markets, we are able to analyze a broad universe of opportunities








50%
of Partners Promoted from Within




Over 50% of Partners Promoted from Within:
GoldenTree is owned by our employees and offers our employees a path to partnership. This partnership culture allows us to attract and retain what we believe to be some of the most talented investment and business professionals in the marketplace








17
Years Average Experience




17 Years Average Experience:
GoldenTree has what we believe to be one of the most experienced investment teams in the marketplace led by an Executive Committee with over 25 years of experience








230
Employees Worldwide




Over 230 Employees Worldwide:
GoldenTree is headquartered in New York City with offices in London and Singapore. GoldenTree has had a physical presence in Europe for more than a decade, having opened an office in London in 2005. More than 20 languages are spoken across the firm








45+
Customized Accounts




Over 45 Customized Accounts:
GoldenTree is able to provide solutions to our investors and offer customized accounts with individualized return profiles












Firm
Philosophy





PersistentOutperformance


EnsureCompensationfor Risk


PreserveCapital


Disciplined inCapital Raising










Firm
Philosophy




1 of 4




Persistent Outperformance
GoldenTree aims to deliver persistent outperformance across market cycles and credit sectors while maintaining a high margin of safety




Ensure Compensation for Risk
GoldenTree seeks to ensure we are compensated for risks based on our fundamental value analysis and our assessment of other risk factors such as the expected liquidity and volatility profile of an investment




Preserve Capital
Through market cycles, we construct portfolios and actively manage portfolio risk with a focus on capital preservation




Disciplined in Capital Raising
Our offerings are sized based on our target return objectives. We actively manage our capital base in seeking to achieve our target returns












Firm
Philosophy




Persistent Outperformance



Persistent Outperformance
GoldenTree aims to deliver persistent outperformance across market cycles and credit sectors while maintaining a high margin of safety





Ensure Compensation for Risk



Ensure Compensation for Risk
GoldenTree seeks to ensure we are compensated for risks based on our fundamental value analysis and our assessment of other risk factors such as the expected liquidity and volatility profile of an investment





Preserve Capital



Preserve Capital
Through market cycles, we construct portfolios and actively manage portfolio risk with a focus on capital preservation





Disciplined in Capital Raising



Disciplined in Capital Raising
Our offerings are sized based on our target return objectives. We actively manage our capital base in seeking to achieve our target returns






ToggleHover



© 2017 GoldenTree Asset Management, LLC Legal Disclosures Privacy
















Asset Management Strategies | GoldenTree Asset Management LP


























Terms of Use


By accessing this web site, you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this web site. This web site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. GoldenTree Asset Management LP ("GoldenTree") reserves the right to, and may at any time, change the terms, conditions and notices under which this web site is offered. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. References to GoldenTree shall be deemed to include GoldenTree Asset Management LP and any of its affiliated entities.
Assets Under Management
Total assets, with respect to the structured product portfolios, such as CLOs, include the effects of leverage and available capital to invest. With respect to managed funds and accounts that have “private equity” type terms, assets under management include investors’ committed capital until such time as the applicable investment period has terminated.
No Offer of Securities
The material on this web site does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, advisory services or any securities or any interests in investment funds managed by GoldenTree. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Such offerings are made, and such investment advisory services are offered, only to persons who are "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with state broker-dealer, investment advisor, broker-dealer agent or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. This web site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. GoldenTree makes no representations or warranties that the content of this web site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
Limitation of Liability
While GoldenTree uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this web site, errors or omissions sometimes occur. All information and content on this web site is furnished "as is" and GoldenTree makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this web site, and makes no other warranty of any kind, implied or expressed. Under no circumstances shall GoldenTree nor any party or person involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this web site, even if a GoldenTree authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
GoldenTree also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
Performance Data
Any performance data quoted on this web site represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. The value of an investment may fall as well as rise. Investor principal is not guaranteed, and investors may not receive the full amount of their principal at the time of redemption if asset values have fallen. Investors should understand that performance results will be reduced by investment advisory fees and other expenses which may be incurred in connection with the account.
GoldenTree defines a distressed asset as an investment in the debt or equity of an issuer that, for reasons that may include operational, financial or market-related stress, has seen its value decline to a level that in its analysis was materially below the fundamental value of the asset.  For debt investments this typically includes securities trading at 75 cents on the dollar or below.
A structured product is a securitization of financial debt instruments ranging from high yield bank loans, student loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, auto loans, credit card receivables, trust preferred notes, emerging market debt.
Account Access
If you or any of your employees or agents access or use this web site for account access, you acknowledge and agree that such ELECTRONIC SERVICE IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR SUCH OTHER PERSON WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and you agree that any such access or use will be solely at your own risk, and GoldenTree will have no liability whatsoever relating to or arising out of any such access or use or any inaccuracies, errors, delays, omissions or other problems or failures of any such electronic service. Moreover, you agree that if you or any of your employees or agents are given any digital certificate(s), user name(s), and/or password(s) which may be required to access or use any electronic services (collectively, "User Codes"), (a) you shall take all necessary actions to preserve the confidentiality of such User Codes; (b) you shall restrict access to the User Codes to those persons who are duly authorized to act on your behalf; (c) you shall notify GoldenTree immediately in the event any such User Code is lost, stolen, or the confidentiality of any such User Code has been compromised in any way or the authority of any person to act on your behalf has been revoked or limited; and (d) you are responsible for and will be bound by all statements made and instructions, assents and consents communicated under any such User Code, to the same extent that the same was under your duly signed writing.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Trademarks
GoldenTree owns and maintains this web site. Nothing contained within this web site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image, trademark, logo or service mark contained within the web site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from this web site will transfer title to any software or material contained within this web site to you. Anything that you transmit to this web site becomes the property of GoldenTree, may be used by GoldenTree for any lawful purpose, and is further subject to disclosure as deemed appropriate by GoldenTree, including to any legal or regulatory authority to which GoldenTree is subject. GoldenTree reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained within this web site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this site without GoldenTree's written permission.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, GoldenTree. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Material to be Consulted in its Entirety
All materials contained within this web site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
FOR UK RESIDENTS ONLY
The information on this website is issued in the United Kingdom by GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (“we”, “us” and “our”). GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”).  The funds whose details are featured on the website (the “Funds”) are unregulated collective investment schemes for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). This website may make reference to a number of other GoldenTree entities, including Golden Tree Asset Management, L.P (“Other Entities”).  Activities carried on by, and the services provided by, Other Entities are not authorised or regulated by the FCA.
Some or all of the information on this website may be a financial promotion for the purposes of the Handbook of Rules and Guidance issued by the FCA (the “FCA Rules”).  Where such information relates to one or more Funds, it is exempt from the restriction in section 238(1) of the FSMA on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme, on the basis that this document is issued by us only to and/or is directed by us only at persons who are categorised as either professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FCA Rules) in respect of interests in the relevant Fund(s).  The investments and investment services to which the information on this website relates are not available to other persons and such other persons should, therefore, not act or rely on it.  In particular, any investment or service to which the information on this website may related is not intended for retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients.
Investments in hedge funds such as the Funds are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors could lose their entire investment. We neither provide investment advice to, nor receive and transmit orders from, investors in any Fund, nor do we carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules. It is the responsibility of all persons under whose control or into whose possession the materials on this website come, to inform themselves about and to ensure observance of all applicable provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in relation to the Funds referenced herein, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
For EEA Residents
In relation to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that have implemented the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (“AIFMD”), interests in the funds whose details appear on this website will only be offered or sold to investors in any such member state to the extent that the relevant fund: (i) is permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to Article 42 of the AIFMD (as implemented into applicable local law); or (ii) where any marketing, offer and sale of interests of the fund occurs exclusively at the initiative of the relevant investor.
Commitment to the UK Stewardship Code
Under Rule 2.2.3R of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP (the "Firm") is required to include on this website a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, its alternative investment strategy. The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Investors that commit to the Code can either comply with it in full or choose not to comply with aspects of the Code, in which case they are required to explain their non compliance.
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP is an absolute return investor focusing on multiple investment strategies with an emphasis on high yield credit. While the Firm may invest in global equities, including UK equities, it is not a significant element in its investment strategies. While the Code is relevant to some aspects of the Firm's trading, and the Firm generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP has chosen not to commit to the Code. The Firm invests in a variety of asset classes and in a variety of jurisdictions across Europe. The approach of the Firm in relation to engagement with issuers and their management are determined globally, on a group wide basis. The Firm, along with its U.S. affiliate, takes a global approach to engagement with issuers and their management in all of the jurisdictions in which it invests and, consequently, does not consider it appropriate to commit to any particular voluntary code of practice relating to any individual jurisdiction.
Inquiries
Inquiries concerning use of GoldenTree's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons copyrights or other intellectual property, or other inquiries regarding the terms and conditions of this web site should be addressed to GoldenTree Asset Management LP, Legal Department, 300 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022.





Privacy Policy


This Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to nonpublic personal information of Investors, prospective Investors and former Investors.  These policies apply to individuals and Individual Retirement Accounts only and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you.
You provide us with personal information, such as your address, social security number, assets and/or income information, (i) in the Subscription Agreement and related documents, (ii) in correspondence and conversations with the our representatives and (iii) through transactions with or through us.
We do not disclose any of this personal information about our Investors, prospective Investors or former Investors to anyone, other than to our affiliates, and except as permitted by law, such as to our attorneys and auditors in order to service your investment.  We will, however, release information about you if you direct us to do so or if compelled to do so by law. We may also disclose all of the information you provide to us to companies that perform services on our clients' behalf.  If such a disclosure is made, the Fund will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.










Client Login






Home
Firm
Strategies
People
News
Contact Us
Client Login









Strategies
Investment Philosophy





Strategies








GoldenTree
Strategies










Alternative Strategies
Long Only Strategies





Master Strategy
Credit Opportunities Strategy
Distressed Strategy
Opportunistic Structured Product Strategy




Master Strategy
GoldenTree’s flagship strategy has over a 16 year track record in capturing what we believe to be the most attractive opportunities across credit asset classes including high yield bonds, leveraged loans, distressed debt, structured products, credit-themed equities and emerging markets. The strategy has over $6 billion in assets under management and includes a number of customized accounts. The strategy seeks to deliver net returns across market cycles in line with its historical performance.




Credit Opportunities Strategy
GoldenTree’s Credit Opportunities strategy captures the return profile of primarily senior secured debt with the use of moderate leverage to enhance returns. The strategy seeks to deliver a high degree of current income. The strategy targets outperformance relative to a blended index of loans and high yield bonds1.
1. The blended index represents 65% of the S&P LSTA Loan Index and 35% of the Bank of America Merrill Lynch US High Yield Index. These indices are commonly referenced in the marketplace as representative indices for their asset classes.




Distressed Strategy
GoldenTree captures distressed opportunities in less liquid or higher concentration positions in private equity style funds and separate accounts as well as in our Master Strategy. Since its inception, GoldenTree has invested over $20 billion in distressed opportunities across the firm’s strategies. The firm raised over $2.2 billion in committed capital across its private equity-style products. The strategy seeks to deliver double-digit net returns.




Opportunistic Structured Product Strategy
GoldenTree captures structured product opportunities in private equity style funds as well as in our Master Strategy. Since its inception, GoldenTree has invested over $10 billion in structured investments across the firm’s strategies. The firm raised over $2 billion in committed capital across its private equity-style products. The strategy seeks to deliver double digit net returns.








Multi-Sector Strategy
Value Strategy
Loan Strategy
Structured Product Strategy
Emerging Markets Strategy




Multi-Sector Strategy
GoldenTree’s Multi-Sector strategy aims to dynamically capture what we believe to be the most attractive risk adjusted returns across leveraged loans, high yield bonds and structured products, while focusing on performing credits. The strategy seeks to deliver attractive single digit net returns across market cycles.




Value Strategy
GoldenTree’s Value strategy consists of primarily North American high yield bonds. The strategy targets outperformance relative to the high yield bond benchmark1 across market cycles.
1. The benchmark for the HY Value Fund Strategy is the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High Yield index.




Loan Strategy
GoldenTree’s Loan strategy consists of primarily leveraged loans captured via CLO structures as well as through customized accounts. GoldenTree has issued over $10 billion of CLOs since its inception. The strategy aims to deliver attractive returns through active management of loan portfolios with outperformance relative to the loan index1 across market cycles.
1. The index for the Loan Strategy is the S&P LSTA Leveraged Loan Index.




Structured Product Strategy
GoldenTree’s Structured Product strategy seeks to invest primarily in floating rate, global structured products including CLOs, RMBS and ABS. The strategy seeks to deliver attractive single digit net returns across market cycles.




Emerging Markets Strategy
GoldenTree’s Emerging Markets strategy is focused on global emerging market debt, investing across sovereign, quasi-sovereign and corporates. The strategy targets outperformance relative to the emerging market benchmark1 across market cycles.1. The benchmark for the Emerging Markets Strategy is the JP Morgan EMBI Global Diversified index.




















Philosophy
Investment




GoldenTree’s investment process has captured what we believe to be the most attractive opportunities across credit markets and through market cycles





Robust FundamentalAnalysis to DetermineEnterprise Value


Analysis of CapitalStructure to EnsureHigh Margin of Safety


Identified Catalyststo Drive Total Return


Real-time andRigorous RelativeValue Analysis










Philosophy
Investment




1 of 4




Robust Fundamental Analysis to Determine Enterprise Value
The initial, and critical, stage to all investments is an accurate and conservative determination of an issuer’s enterprise value




Analysis of Capital Structure to Ensure High Margin of Safety
We analyze an issuer’s full capital structure, including outstanding debt and equity, seeking to ensure the investment offers a high margin of safety




Identified Catalysts to Drive Total Return
GoldenTree requires the presence of a catalyst to drive total return and relies on a stringent sell discipline to realize value




Real-time and Rigorous Relative Value Analysis
GoldenTree’s proprietary relative value system allows every potential investment to be compared with current portfolio holdings. This forces a constant re-underwriting of the portfolio












Philosophy
Investment


GoldenTree’s investment process has captured what we believe to be the most attractive opportunities across credit markets and through market cycles


Robust Fundamental Analysis to Determine Enterprise Value



Robust Fundamental Analysis to Determine Enterprise Value
The initial, and critical, stage to all investments is an accurate and conservative determination of an issuer’s enterprise value





Analysis of Capital Structure to Ensure High Margin of Safety



Analysis of Capital Structure to Ensure High Margin of Safety
We analyze an issuer’s full capital structure, including outstanding debt and equity, seeking to ensure the investment offers a high margin of safety





Identified Catalysts to Drive Total Return



Identified Catalysts to Drive Total Return
GoldenTree requires the presence of a catalyst to drive total return and relies on a stringent sell discipline to realize value





Real-time and Rigorous Relative Value Analysis



Real-time and Rigorous Relative Value Analysis
GoldenTree’s proprietary relative value system allows every potential investment to be compared with current portfolio holdings. This forces a constant re-underwriting of the portfolio









© 2017 GoldenTree Asset Management, LLC Legal Disclosures Privacy









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 












GoldenTree's hiring spree part of client shift toward credit - Pensions & Investments




























































































































































































            Alternatives
        
GoldenTree’s hiring spree part of client shift toward credit
 




    By Christine Williamson



 · September 16, 2013









Robert Matza says most of GoldenTree's customers are institutional investors from Europe and the U.S.




GoldenTree Asset Management LP has been bulking up this year, luring talented marketers and portfolio managers from other money managers, part of a campaign to capitalize on institutional investor appetite for alternative credit strategies. August, traditionally the time for long summer vacations, is usually is written off as a bad time to try to recruit staff. But GoldenTree managed to snag four senior executives in a two-week period last month. On the investment side, Said Saffari joined New York-based GoldenTree as partner and portfolio manager, part of an expansion of the firm's relative-value emerging market credit capabilities. 


Related Coverage

GoldenTree names managing director for new Singapore office
Greywolf Capital selects head of marketing, client service
Credit is next frontier for strategic accounts







 
 

Mr. Saffari had been a senior portfolio manager at ICE Canyon LLC, where he was primarily responsible for the financials, industrials, commodities, and oil and gas sectors. Three senior marketing executives with institutional pedigrees were brought in specifically to increase GoldenTree's institutional assets under management, said Thomas P. Humphrey, partner and head of business development.  About 78% of the $18 billion GoldenTree managed as of Aug. 31 was from institutional investors, based primarily in the U.S. and Europe. GoldenTree has brought in a number of new clients in 2013 from Asia and the Middle East, said Robert Matza, partner and GoldenTree's president. Mr. Matza declined to name any of the firm's new investors. James Clarke was named managing director, business development and now oversees GTAM's large institutional investors and consultant relations. Mr. Clarke's most recent position was senior vice president, investor relations, at hedge fund manager Paulson & Co. Inc., where he covered large institutional investors in the U.S., Canada and Australia. Previously, he spent 12 years at bond powerhouse Pacific Investment Management Co. LLC as senior vice president and head of public plan new business development.  Brian Marshall joined as a managing director in the business development group. Mr. Marshall joined GTAM from the structured product unit of capital markets specialist Barclays Capital PLC, where he had been GoldenTree's relationship manager for five years. His background includes specialized expertise in credit and mortgage strategies. Jenna Boyle also joined GoldenTree as a director, focused on marketing the firm's structured products to institutions investors and high-net-worth platforms. She was vice president of marketing and investor relations at Greywolf Capital Management LP.  The four new employees bring the firm's total headcount to nearly 200, up from 185 at the beginning of 2013, Mr. Matza said.  Other fresh faces joined the firm in positions ranging from the investment team to administering assets managed in credit hedge funds, a long-only high-yield strategy, and opportunistic funds that use a hybrid private equity-hedge fund structure with lockups typically between two and four years. In addition to the infusion of fresh blood, GoldenTree is moving Cee Sarabi, a partner and portfolio manager in the New York structured products group, to the firm's London office in September. Mr. Sarabi will lead GTAM's structured product business in Europe.  “We continue to see attractive opportunities in the European structured markets across a variety of asset classes, which makes Cee's relocation to London the right move at the right time,” said Joseph Naggar, partner, senior portfolio manager and head of structured products, in an Aug. 20 GTAM news release. “We've hired some senior people this year and are moving Cee to London in line with our 2013 business plan, which is focused on increasing our institutional investor client base,” Mr. Matza said. “The investment market opportunities we see going forward are strong and based on our pipeline, I expect we will see growth in our institutional base by the end of this year,” he added. With the exception of a steep asset decline suffered by credit managers generally in 2008 after the financial crisis, GoldenTree's growth trajectory has pointed steadily upward. The firm was launched in 2000 with $750 million. Since a 25% decline in assets to $10.1 billion at the end of 2008, assets have burgeoned $7.9 billion, or 78%, to $18 billion in the roughly 4.5 years ended Aug. 31.




The asset breakdown as of Aug. 31 was: Credit hedge funds, $6.5 billion; Special situation/opportunities funds, $1.1 billion; Long-only high-yield strategy, $6.1 billion; Collateralized debt obligation vehicles, $4.2 billion. Unlike many other large alternative investment managers, GoldenTree isn't seeking to branch out into more esoteric strategies, add daily valued retail mutual funds, or even let its 100% institutional long-only high-yield strategy get any bigger. Even Mr. Saffari's appointment as an emerging markets debt specialist doesn't qualify as a new strategy. “Emerging markets debt is a natural extension of what we're already doing,” Mr. Matza said. “We just need more coverage there. We want to stick to our knitting. We like credit and we're good at it and that's what we're sticking to,” he added.  Judging by the returns of the firm's credit-oriented hedge fund, GoldenTree Master Fund, Mr. Matza isn't exaggerating: For the year ended Aug. 31, the fund returned 14.4%; for the three-year period, the annualized return was 9.6%.


News,
Alternatives,
Fixed income,


This article originally appeared in the September 16, 2013 print issue as, "GoldenTree's hiring spree part of client shift toward credit".


















Top Picks




Uncertain times for private equity investors




Rick Funston, managing partner, Funston Advisory Services LLC




Uncertain times for private equity investors






CFA Level I and II exam results released






Top Picks




Uncertain times for private equity investors




Rick Funston, managing partner, Funston Advisory Services LLC






Uncertain times for private equity investors






CFA Level I and II exam results released












Related
GoldenTree names managing director for new Singapore office







Popular Stories

FTSE Russell sets minimum voting rights hurdle that excludes Snap Inc.
EnerVest isn't alone feeling the pain from oil price drop
CalPERS wants a place for the 'in-betweens'
Class actions hit record in first half – report







Upcoming P&I Conferences



view more  


Upcoming P&I Webinars



view more  



White Papers



    Strengthening the core: Preparing DC menus for the next evolution
    


    The Path to Transparency In Alternatives Investing
    


    From Infancy to Maturity: Emerging Market Local Debt Enters Its Prime
    


    Emerging-market debt: Navigating the allocation dilemma
    


    Harvesting return premiums in private credit 
    


view more  

Advertisment









Related
GoldenTree names managing director for new Singapore office


















































