

10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









7:48 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
    








    By

Published: Feb 16, 2017 2:10 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Forward Looking Statement Notice  Certain statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are "forward-looking statements" (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Goliath Film and Media Holdings, ("we", "us", "our" or the "Company") to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.  Description of Business  Background  The Company was incorporated in Nevada on February 16, 2010 under the name "China Advanced Technology" as the successor by merger to Vitalcare Diabetes Treatment Centers, Inc. ("Vitalcare"). In February and March 2010, Vitalcare underwenta holding company reorganization under Delaware law, pursuant to which it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vitalcare Holding Corporation, and Vitalcare, together with its assets and liabilities, was sold to a non-affiliated third party. Vitalcare Holding Corporation subsequently reincorporated in Nevada by merger into China Advanced.  Vitalcare was in the business of administering medical clinics specializing in diabetes treatment. It was the successor to Network Financial Services, Inc. ("Network"), which went public in an underwritten offering in 1987. Network was engaged in mortgage origination, and changed its name to Westmark Group Holdings ("Westmark") in 1993 in connection with the acquisition of Westmark Mortgage from Primark Corporation. Westmark ceased operations at some time in 2006, and in 2006 ceased filing reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The corporate entity was thereafter known as Viking Consolidated, Inc. (2006), Tailor Aquaponics World Wide, Inc. (2007) and Diversified Acquisitions (2007) until it entered the medical clinic business in early 2008. The Company has no information regarding any business activities from 2006 after the mortgage origination business closed, to early 2008.  On October 25, 2011, Goliath Film and Media International, a California corporation, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Exchange Agreement"), pursuant to which Goliath Film and Media International was acquired by China Advanced Technology. Prior to the acquisition, our principal operations consisted of internet marketing, and were conducted through a wholly owned subsidiary, Live Wise, Inc. Live Wise was disposed of on October 31, 2011 for cancellation of debt and shares described below. At the Closing Date, there were no assets or liabilities on China Advanced Technology's balance sheets.  The transaction closed on October 31, 2011 (the "Closing Date"). On the Closing Date China Advanced Technology acquired Goliath Film and Media International by issuing 47,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, constituting 70.1% of the outstanding shares after giving effect to their issuance and the cancellation of 15,619,816 shares held by China Advanced Technology's prior control person. Immediately following the Closing, 67,100,000 shares were issued and outstanding. On the Closing Date, the name of China Advanced Technology was changed to Goliath Film and Media Holdings. All share numbers herein have been adjusted for an eight-for-1 forward stock split affected as of the Closing Date. The forward stock split was reflected in the trading market on February 13, 2012.  Overview  Goliath Film and Media Holdings, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries Goliath Film and Media International and Goliath Movie Partners 1, LLC (collectively, "Goliath" or the "Company"), develops, produces and licenses for distribution, domestically and internationally, quality digital content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the feature motion picture and television content segments of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, faith-based, horror and socially responsible minority content. Goliath does not intend to engage in domestic theatrical distribution of motion pictures to any significant extent.  In qualified cases, Goliath will develop screenplays that will be outsourced to an independent entity for production, but will be licensed for distribution through the Company. Also, in certain cases Goliath will produce content that is tied to working with an established distributor that provides an advance or minimum guarantee for the production of a project that will be licensed by the participating distributor. Goliath plans to produce content and to distribute domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network which includes major international theatrical exhibitors, and other distributors and television networks. We plan to utilize corporate sponsorships as a means of reducing the costs of advertising and marketing in distribution. Further, we may augment our marketing efforts with a limited and strategically focused advertising campaign in traditional "print" media with press releases targeted specifically toward standard entertainment industry trade journals and publications on an "as needed" basis as well as the inclusion of targeted "social media" campaigns.  Goliath's revenue model includes receiving revenue from distribution fees. A limited number of its content properties include projects developed and produced by Goliath and those produced by an independent third party production entity.  Questions and Answers  What is your business?  We develop, produce and distribute motion pictures and digital content. At this time we do not intend to engage in theatrical releases of motion pictures, due to the high up- front costs of advertising and marketing theatrically. However, in some specific cases the company will consider theatrical releases based upon a "four wall, " limited release delivery that will be focused on targeted niche audiences.  Distribution Rights  The Company has the following distribution rights:  On March 9, 2015 Goliath signed a non-exclusive license to sell the feature length motion pictures: "Farewell", "Buddies" and "The Pit." The term is for one year expiring on March 9, 2016 with compensation to Goliath of 25% of gross proceeds from the sales of each of these films. No revenue has been recognized to date.  On October 22, 2014 Goliath entered into an agreement to distribute all foreign rights for the motion picture "Virus X," "Film" starring Sybil Danning with some of the key terms as follows:  1. Time frame (Term) - 18 months with ability to renew at same terms for another 18 months if agreed by both parties by end of the 18 month term. Term begins October 22, 2014. As of January 31, 2017 Goliath still is working on distribution of the film, "Virus X."  2. Markets - In all foreign media known and unknown  3. Compensation to Goliath- 15% of gross proceeds on all foreign territories. Said 15% (of 100%) is inclusive and includes, but not limited to, all payments, fees and reimbursements of any and all kinds made and/or incurred by Goliath through the exploitation of the Film. No revenue has been recognized to date.  4. Renewals - when the contract is renewed by a particular territory, Goliath will be the entity of record to effectuate the renewals, yet only after notification is made to and approved verbally or written by Empire Films.  On October 29, 2014, Goliath entered into a Distribution and Sales Agreement with EMILIO ROSO ("Producer") granting all domestic and foreign distribution rights, excluding digital streaming for the motion pictures "Day of Redemption," "On Borrowed Time" and "Tumbleweed," with some of the major terms as follows:  1. Markets - In all domestic and foreign media known and unknown and all domestic and foreign territories.  2. Compensation to Goliath - 25% of gross proceeds on all domestic and foreign territories, except digital streaming. Said 25% (of 100%) is inclusive and includes, but not limited to, all payments, fees and reimbursements of any and all kinds made and/or incurred by Goliath through the exploitation of the motion pictures. No revenue has been recognized to date.  On February 13, 2012 the Company announced that it has acquired the distribution rights to the following motion pictures: Seducing Spirits, The Perfect Argument, Marina Murders, Film Struggle, Divorce in America, A Wonderful Summer, The Truth About Layla, Living with Cancer, and The Biggest Fan. Under the distribution agreements, Goliath will receive 30% of the gross revenues for each picture it distributes. In general, the Company's distribution contracts cover both domestic and international licensing agreements; however, for the picture The Biggest Fan, the Company obtained limited distribution rights. No revenue has been recognized to date.  Production Agreements  On March 4, 2016, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently in post-production by us. Per the agreement, we will receive $125,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Bridal Bootcamp" a romantic comedy movie being produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 35% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the motion picture. As of July 31, 2016, we have received $100,000 of the advance payments. Subsequent to July 31, 2016, we have received an additional $25,000.  On September 18, 2015, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently completed by us. Per the agreement, we will receive $125,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Merry Exes" a Christmas holiday movie being produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 35% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the motion picture. As of July 31, 2016, we have received $125,000 of the advance payments. Merry Exes was completed June 6, 2016 and Mar Vista is looking to distribute this film.  On May 20, 2015, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently completed by us and being licensed by Mar vista Entertainment, LLC. Per the agreement, we will receive $175,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Terror Birds" a science fiction movie produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 30% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the film. As of April 30, 2016, we have received $175,000 of the advance payments. Terror Birds was completed December 14, 2015 and Mar Vista is looking to distribute this film.  On April 15, 2015, we signed an agreement whereby we agreed to invest $15,000 to KKO Productions to produce a feature length motion picture known as "Forgiven". Per the agreement, we will receive 15% of adjusted gross proceeds after its initial investment has been entirely recouped through adjusted gross proceed. Additionally, we will receive two on screen credits as Executive Producer as well as receiving credit on all advertising, publicity and packaging of the motion picture. The investment of $15,000 presented in other assets on the balance sheet has not yet been repaid, due to the fact that no revenues will be generated until this motion picture's released.  What is the timeline for your activities during the next 12 months?  Over the next 90 days to one year, our efforts will be concentrated on developing and producing content with distributors for licensing by them of at least three projects.  What is this going to cost you?  We expect that producing the aforementioned content will cost approximately $150,000 per project, however licensing and distribution will be handled by an experienced distributor for a fee of anywhere from 30 - 35% and the costs of advertising and marketing will be handled by them and charged against gross distribution licensing proceeds..  Why are these motion pictures not being distributed already?  The motion pictures that are being produced by the Company and distributed by Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC take anywhere from six to nine months from completion of production and delivery to obtain licensing agreements.  Generically, the main reason why good, quality motion pictures are not distributed is that the production of a motion picture requires money and creativity, and marketing a motion picture requires an entirely different set of skills. Many people dream of making a movie; few aspire to distribute them. We estimate that there are in excess of 10,000 such motion pictures "gathering dust." There also have been and continue to be substantial tax incentives for motion picture production in many States and international Territories, so that many producers do not need to depend on successful marketing in order to find investors for their projects. A secondary factor is the difficulty of finding a reputable distributor. We think that our management has an excellent reputation in the industry and we will be able to obtain distribution rights for content. Finally, many distributors as well as buyers do not have an interest in niche market films, because they see the market as limited. Goliath sees the problem to be, rather, there is no market merely because no one has assembled a critical mass of films for these niches. Most participants in the motion picture industry are based in "Hollywood" and the major coastal metropolitan areas. Our "faith-based" films especially are targeted toward the "Bible Belt" and the "Flyover Country": places that the industry has consistently overlooked.  Why are you able to identify and acquire these motion pictures and educational videos?  After attending all the major content acquisition markets around the world over the last three years, our Staff has developed relationships with numerous quality filmmakers who need assistance in marketing and distributing their product. Goliath has also developed vital relationships with many of the major content distributors and networks. Many of the filmmakers have requested the Company's assistance in marketing and distributing their product. Goliath will continue to pursue the marketing and distribution of product that is demanded in the marketplace and desired by major aggregators, distributors, networks and studios.  So how are you different than Amazon, Netflix, Blockbuster and Hulu, to name a few? How can you compete with them? They have a lot of money and name recognition. Why wouldn't they jump into your niches?  As a content provider we are not competing with these entities but rather are working on providing them with quality content. As an example, NETFLIX has such a high demand for programming content, they are spending $5 billion this year for the acquisition of completed programming as well as for the development of original content by them. Therefore, as is mentioned, part of their resources are directed toward acquiring content and part is targeting in-house" and joint venture production of quality content. This content will be targeted to their subscription base on a domestic and international level.  There are a number of quality content producers that work with the major networks and content distributors, Goliath is moving toward becoming one of these content providers. We believe there exists significant opportunities for our company in that the demand for programming is increasing almost exponentially. Irrespective of the platform for viewing by the consumer/subscriber, the demand for quality content is continuing to expand. As an example there are currently, approximately 416 original scripted programs being aired in the entire television universe - a cancellation rate of 10% reflects a number that represents the entire programming universe in the late 1990's and early 2000's.. The upward trend is ongoing, which is where we see an opportunity for Goliath to provide product to reach many components of the overall market.  Don't cable and satellite networks already offer specialty channels like TBN (for faith based) and BET (Black Entertainment Television (for the African-American Community)?  As mentioned above about NETFLIX, even though these channels maybe in niche markets they must expand the type, genre and format of the content that they are showing in order to remain viable, therefore the opportunity to assist them by providing quality programming is ongoing and expanding..  What other niches are you looking at entering?  We believe that there is an increasing and ongoing trend in home entertainment in servicing niches. Many viewers have cable or satellite service with hundreds of channels, but view only a few channels that cater to their particular interests. One significant type of niche we are targeting are the numerous immigrant groups in the United States. Other than Spanish speaking immigrants, coverage is scarce. The last official data (2004) from the US Census Bureau is that 34.2 million persons in the US are foreign born, with 54% from Latin America, 25% from Asia and 14% from Europe. Foreign-born immigrants like to watch movies from their home countries.  There are many interest groups that might be interested in specialty movies or programming. As an example in Hawaii and Southern California, for instance, Surfing is quite popular, and there exists a huge body of surfing films which would be of interest.  What about ancillary markets?  We plan to incorporate advertising and marketing through social media and traditional outlets to the highest degree possible.  What films do you have now in inventory?  We presently have acquired the distribution rights to the following motion pictures: , Seducing Spirits, The Perfect Argument, Marina Murders, Film Struggle, Divorce in America, A Wonderful Summer, The Truth About Layla, Living with Cancer, The Biggest Fan, Days of Redemption, On Borrowed Time, Tumbleweed, Virus X, Farewell, Buddies, and The Pit. Under the distribution agreements Goliath will receive 30% of the gross revenues for each of the pictures we distribute. In general, our distribution contracts cover both domestic and international licensing agreements; however, for the picture The Biggest Fan we obtained limited distribution rights.  How do these distribution rights work?  We enter into a Distribution Agreement for each motion picture. Terms may be perpetual or limited by years. The motion pictures that we are acquiring with the proceeds of this offering will have a term of five years. We will generally obtain a fee of 20% to 30% of gross revenues. Licensing will be flexible for usage applications on a yearly or multi-year basis. Most markets, especially foreign territories have a tendency to continuously renew content licensing.  How many employees do you have? Do you have an office?  We have just 3 employees and we believe that is sufficient during the development, production and "content aggregation" phase of our development. Our administrative office is in Marina del Rey, California.  Do you have a website?  Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com. We have a mirror site at www.goliathfilmandmedia.com.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and which require the Company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  The following are deemed to be the most significant accounting policies affecting the Company.  Principles of Consolidation  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation.  Basis of Presentation  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management further acknowledges that it is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company's system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other items, that (1) recorded transactions are valid; (2) all valid transactions are recorded and (3) transactions are recorded in the period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company for the respective periods being presented.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements' estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. The more significant estimates and assumptions by management include among others: Estimated revenue of films. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company's financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented.  Revenue Recognition  We recognize revenues in accordance with ASC 926-605, "Entertainment Films, Revenue Recognition".  Under ASC 926-605, five conditions must be met before revenue can be recognized:  The Company recognizes revenue when the distributor confirms to the Company that the film has been delivered to the distributor with all technical and document deliveries received, waived or deferred and the film has been entered into the distributor's rights system.  Accounts Receivable  Accounts receivable, if any are carried at the expected net realizable value. The allowance for doubtful accounts, when determined, will be based on management's assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts and the aging of the accounts receivables. If there were a deterioration of a major customer's creditworthiness, or actual defaults were higher than historical experience, our estimates of the recoverability of the amounts due to us could be overstated, which could have a negative impact on operations.  The Company currently does not have any accounts receivable. The above accounting policies will be adopted upon the Company carrying accounts receivable.  Intangible Assets  The Company's intangible assets consist of intellectual property, principally motion pictures. The Company periodically reviews its long lived assets to ensure that their carrying value does not exceed their fair market value. There was no amortization expense or impairment for the three months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  Income Taxes  We account for income taxes under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") No. 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740"). Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  Stock Compensation  In accordance with ASC No. 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("ASC 718"), we measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. We apply this statement prospectively. Equity instruments ("instruments") issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments, as required by ASC 718. ASC No. 505, Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees ("ASC 505") defines the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments. In general, the measurement date is (a) when a performance commitment, as defined, is reached or (b) when the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each particular grant as defined in the ASC 505.  Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments  We evaluate financial instruments using the guidance provided by ASC 815 and . . .  Feb 16, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


Second-quarter U.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6%


Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 























GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS Los Angeles CA, 90048 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Motion Pictures
Goliath Film & Media Holdings
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Goliath Film & Media Holdings



640 S San Vicente Blvd, 5th Fl

Los Angeles,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 90048-4654
							
							 |  view map


(213) 537-5730

www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS is in the Motion Picture and Video Tape Distribution industry in Los Angeles, CA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Motion Picture and Video Tape Distribution
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Walbro


Barnes & Noble


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Hammer & CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Goliath Film & Media Holdings
Rate Goliath Film & Media Holdings on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Goliath Film & Media Holdings
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

AIR CONDITIONING SEC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CONTORNO INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
PANALPINA INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Goliath Film & Media Holdings 4640 Admiralty Way Marina Del Rey, CA Audio-Visual Production Service - MapQuest







































































































    Goliath Film & Media Holdings
  

4640 Admiralty Way

Marina Del Rey
CA
90292




 Reviews



(909) 612-1708
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help










































 



 Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces streaming site to be launched 
         










    











 






 











 









Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces streaming site to be launched

Apr 26, 2012, 17:59 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Goliath Film and Media Holdings 











 
















































 

 




















 


LOS ANGELES, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Goliath Film and Media Holdings (OTC Bulletin Board:   GFMH) announces that it plans to go online with its streaming site in May 2012. The Company's recently acquired 1500 educational videos will then be available to school districts, private schools and international licensees.  Yesterday, the Company announced that NBA legend AC Green has been appointed as director of the Company's Educational Division.  Having the educational videos online will facilitate immediate sales and revenues for the Company. 
In addition, the Company's existing feature motion picture film library, as well as other properties being acquired, will also be available online commencing in May. Goliath is formulating at this time the parameters of its subscription program. Its competitor Netflix offers a $7.99 per month plan; Amazon Prime (with about 5,000 films) costs $79 per year, or about $6.58 a month.  Goliath plans to fill the niche markets of faith based, education, responsible minority content, and budget horror, and plans in the next few months to add hundreds of feature motion pictures, and thousands in the next 12 to 18 months.  Goliath intends to offer an introductory subscription price much lower than its competitors in order to attract subscribers. 
About Goliath Film and Media
Goliath Film and Media Holdings ("Goliath"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International, intends to develop and distribute film content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, horror, faith-based, and socially responsible minority content.  Goliath will specialize in licensing quality films. Goliath also intends to develop screenplays with the intent of outsourcing the production, and locking in the distribution rights to the films produced through the Company's development efforts. Goliath plans to license films domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network that includes major exhibitors, distributors and television networks. Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com.
Safe Harbor                           
This News Release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove correct. 
 
 
 
 SOURCE  Goliath Film and Media Holdings  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 09, 2012, 16:05 ET
Preview: Goliath Acquires Catalog of Faith Based Films













Apr 25, 2012, 16:15 ET
Preview: Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces appointment of NBA legend AC Green to head Educational Division






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
  GFMH:OTC US Stock Quote - Goliath Film & Media Holdings - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Goliath Film & Media Holdings   GFMH:US   OTC US        0.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/12/2017     Volume   8,000    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   8,000    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01    YTD Return   50.00%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   3.84    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (k USD)   785.814    Shares Outstanding  (m)   174.625    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.69    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.74%     Industry Media   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Goliath Film and Media Holdings develops, produces and distributes feature-length motion pictures.  The Company distributes films that include strong minorities and cater to educational, faith-based and other niche markets, produces low budget films that capitalize on new technologies, and distributes independent films.    Address  4640 Admiralty WaySuite 500Marina Del Rey, CA 90292United States   Phone  1-909-612-1708   Website   www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com     Executives Board Members    Lamont Roberts  Chief Executive Officer    Mike Criscione  COO/Director:Marketing    John Ballard  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Goliath Film & Media Holdings (GFMH) Stock Message Board - InvestorsHub




























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Brokerages/Investment Banks
            >
            
Goliath Film & Media Holdings (GFMH)



Add GFMH Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:





Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 1/4/2007 8:21:42 PM - 
                Followers:
                121
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







  	   Goliath Film and Media Holdings  	640 S. San Vicente Blvd., Fifth Floor, Los Angeles, California 90048, telephone  	(213) 537-5730  "Goliath Film and Media Holdings ("Goliath"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International, intends to develop and distribute film content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, horror, faith-based, and socially responsible minority content.  Goliath will specialize in licensing quality films. Goliath also intends to develop screenplays with the intent of outsourcing the production, and locking in the distribution rights to the films produced through the Company's development efforts.. Goliath plans to license films domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network to include major exhibitors, distributors and television networks. Our website is  Goliath Film and Media International.Com"   Share Structure 	Common stock, 149,000,000 shares authorized, 67,283,334 shares outstanding as of February 29, 2012.  	CUSIP 381715 10 1    ISIN US3817151018 Public Float: 	20,283,334 	Preferred stock: 1 million shares authorized, 0 outstanding Insiders: 	Lamont Roberts, President, holds 7,000,000 shares directly and controls an additional 20 million. 	               Kaila Criscione, COO, holds 20 million shares. Transfer agent: 	OTC Stock Transfer www.otcstock.net 	    Company Management:                Lamont Roberts, age 56, has been President of Goliath since October, 2011. In 1997 he co-founded Millennium Personal and Business Management Corporation with Wilt Chamberlain, representing and managing a client base comprising actors, athletes, directors, musicians and writers. In the late 1990s Mr. Roberts also began producing film and television projects. In 2003, he was hired as the chief executive of Reel Image, Inc., an independent production and distribution company.  As the head of Reel Image, Inc., Mr. Roberts partnered with film industry veterans Reuben Cannon and Michael Shultz and provided the initial funding of development capital for a future episodic series and/or film based upon the famous Blokhedz cartoon characters. Currently he is working on distributing a documentary that he wrote, funded and produced entitled "Chosen By God- the Great Black Pharaohs of the 25th Dynasty." As an independent producer, Mr. Roberts produced the feature films "The Truth About Layla," and "The Marina Murders." He acted as an Associate Producer on the feature film "Seducing Spirits," and was the executive in charge of production for the feature film "The Perfect Argument," and the documentaries "Film Struggle," and "Living with Cancer."  Mr. Roberts has a BSBA in Finance and an MA in Real Estate and Urban Economics from the University of Florida.                  Kaila Criscione, age 24, has already garnered experience in the entertainment industry. She was the cinematographer/editor for  Chosen By God- the Great Black Pharaohs of the 25th Dynasty, and has written, directed and/or acted as cinematographer of several short films and commercials. Kaila Criscione has presented a number of television and film roles, including starring in "The Biggest Fan" under the name Kaila Amariah, in which she won the Best Actress, Golden Spirit Award, Best Up and Coming Actress by Pop Star Magazine, and starring in The Truth About Layla, Sacred Terror, Seducing Spirits, and Dizzyland.   Ms. Criscione has also won four national titles in public speaking, and graduated from the University of Southern California with a bachelor of arts in Cinematic Arts Film and Television Production.                 John Ballard, age 53, was elected as Chief Financial Officer in October, 2011. From September 2003 to 2009,  Mr. Ballard was Chief Financial Officer of Worldwide Manufacturing USA, Inc.., a publicly traded company headquartered in California. John Ballard has nearly two decades of business management, project management, and accounting experience. From January 2002 to the present, Mr. Ballard has been a financial consultant and director of Reveal Systems, Inc., a software development company and Internet provider based in Longmont, Colorado. Mr. Ballard was the Chief Financial Officer of Call Solutions Inc., a publicly traded company, from October 1999 to November 2002. Call Solutions was in the business of opening call centers. From 1997-1999 Mr. Ballard owned and operated the food operations Cookies N Kreme and Lincoln Street Cafe in the Denver Metropolitan Area. In 1993, Mr. Ballard retired and he traveled until 1997.  From 1988 to 1993, Mr. Ballard was Chief Financial Officer for Apple Sundries, Inc., a Denver retail chain. Mr. Ballard holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Management and Marketing from the University of Colorado where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Ballard also holds a Masters of Business in Administration from Regis University.   Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces appointment of NBA legend AC Green to head Educational Division LOS ANGELES, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Goliath Film and Media Holdings (GFMH.OB) is pleased to announce that NBA legend AC Green has accepted his appointment as director of the Company's Educational Division.  Known as the "Iron Man," AC Green played more consecutive games (1,192) than any other person in NBA history. Mr. Green's commitment to education is less well known, but his dedication to youth development and education has made a lasting effect on the lives of tens of thousands of children nationwide and in particular in the school districts in cities where he played, including Los Angeles, Portland, Oregon, Phoenix, Dallas and Miami and nationwide.  A.C. Green founded the AC Green Youth Foundation (www.acgreen.com) in 1989 to help young people build self esteem and character and learn moral and ethical principles which will help them make responsible decisions throughout their lives.   As previously disclosed, Goliath has the distribution rights to 1,500 educational videos, and intends to acquire additional videos in the near future. The educational videos will soon be accessible through Goliath's streaming website, simplifying distribution to and utilization by school districts nationwide. This website will permit students to view and review films individually, thereby tailoring the educational experience.  School districts can save significant resources by using the company's streaming website to access effective, educator-designed instructional videos for much less money than comparable products.   CEO Lamont Roberts stated, "Instructional materials comprise a significant cost for school districts, and our materials, plainly and simply can save districts' money. I can think of no better individual to take our educational film library to school districts around the country than AC Green. Mr. Green has the contacts, the marketing savvy, and above all the integrity that we need to get our educational products to the market."  Mr. Green stated. "I am pleased to join the team at Goliath.  The educational films which it has and which it will acquire can help school districts around the nation teach more efficiently. Schools can make better use of their scarce resources and reach students who have grown up in the computer age more effectively, by using Goliath's educational resources."... More News             	    WHY GOLIATH WILL HAVE $3-5 MILLION IN REVENUES  		   Being a distributor is not glamorous like being a producer, director or actor, but like in any other business, most of the money made in Hollywood is made by the distributors. A good movie (regardless of whether it can be theatrically released)  can be sold to 30-50 foreign markets for a total of about $200,000 at one of the international film shows. Goliath has 10 good movies. That is $2 million in gross sales or $600,000 to Goliath for its 30% cut as a distributor. Goliath has stated that it thinks it can get a couple hundred movies this year, but let's assume they only get 40 more. That is $3 million in net revenues to Goliath, with only a couple hundred thousand in expenses and minimal out of pocket cost to acquire the distribution rights. This does not count the revenue from the educational films nor from streaming.      










            GFMH
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        







            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















GFMH Detailed Quote









1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y


































Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (16)


Hide Intro


View Posters


GFMH Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#16850
                                 
                            
Well, FREE DONUTS, it really is about time

Crapola2theleft
04/14/17 01:17:41 PM


#16849
                                 
                            
This one has been a long time coming

FREE_DONUTS
04/13/17 04:07:53 PM


#16848
                                 
                            
Maybe now, looks like a pump and dump

Crapola2theleft
03/25/17 04:13:03 PM


#16847
                                 
                            
Whats his name? I can not fine a

Crapola2theleft
03/25/17 04:11:20 PM


#16846
                                 
                            
nice

IN The Mouth Of Madness
03/19/17 12:29:08 AM


#16845
                                 
                            
I have always wondered why GFMH never takes off...

cofca
03/17/17 12:48:17 PM


#16844
                                 
                            
New ceo was producer of BloodSport 2!

DJPennyTrader 
03/17/17 12:21:35 PM


#16843
                                 
                            
nice 10q.......

DJPennyTrader 
03/17/17 12:19:08 PM


#16842
                                 
                            
;-)

©PROPHETABLE 
03/17/17 11:45:23 AM


#16841
                                 
                            
Wakey

©PROPHETABLE 
03/17/17 11:45:09 AM


#16840
                                 
                            
.

EmptyBones
03/15/17 01:27:00 PM


#16839
                                 
                            
That is why i continue to load at

EmptyBones
03/15/17 01:26:08 PM


#16838
                                 
                            
GFMH, nice info, thanks.

Mark
03/12/17 08:48:34 PM


#16837
                                 
                            
New CEO http://m.imdb.com/name/nm0187944/
400k assets 60k liabilities...no notes

©PROPHETABLE 
03/12/17 08:30:49 PM


#16836
                                 
                            
GFMH, any developments here?

Mark
03/12/17 08:17:16 PM


#16835
                                 
                            
I've been setting on this Gobble Gobble for

Crapola2theleft
12/07/16 10:26:59 AM


#16834
                                 
                            
GFMH 10K out today. Turned into profit in

funnyG986
12/01/16 10:47:23 AM


#16833
                                 
                            
Well, well, well. It has been over a

Crapola2theleft
08/29/16 11:18:08 AM


#16832
                                 
                            
GFMH REVENUE COMING HERE FROM TODAYS Q

funnyG986
08/13/15 11:49:10 PM


#16831
                                 
                            
GFMH Float only 20m based on today's filing

funnyG986
08/13/15 11:30:16 PM


#16830
                                 
                            
Any updatd on SS ??

m0n
07/28/15 11:18:52 PM


#16829
                                 
                            
No volume? ??

humbleboss
07/22/15 01:22:15 PM


#16828
                                 
                            
Is there only 22.5 million commons on-the-open-market? 

KULiquidGold
07/21/15 03:45:42 PM


#16827
                                 
                            
That's it lol

humbleboss
07/21/15 01:42:24 PM


#16826
                                 
                            
Good move here, but man, this thing hardly

Joe89
07/21/15 10:54:03 AM


#16825
                                 
                            
Nice move

DarkPool
07/21/15 10:28:32 AM


#16824
                                 
                            
GFMH 0.0066 x 0.0069 

funnyG986
07/21/15 10:26:52 AM


#16823
                                 
                            
GFMH .0065

$treet Trader
07/21/15 10:26:33 AM


#16822
                                 
                            
GFMH .0059 was copperland last May

$treet Trader
07/21/15 10:25:03 AM


#16821
                                 
                            
GFMH .0059 reinstated only 150 mil A/S

$treet Trader
07/21/15 10:23:21 AM


#16820
                                 
                            
GFMH MM COVER THEIR SHORTS. CLEAR SKY TO 0.03

funnyG986
07/21/15 10:23:19 AM


#16819
                                 
                            
in GFMH .005 reinstated 

$treet Trader
07/21/15 10:21:22 AM


#16818
                                 
                            
Shhhhhh! GFMH is quietly movin' on up.

Snizzle
04/02/15 10:34:41 PM


#16817
                                 
                            
OK, someone knows something I don't know!

Crapola2theleft
04/02/15 04:28:46 PM


#16816
                                 
                            
As of 10:55 AM on 3/27/2015, GFMH, is

Crapola2theleft
03/27/15 01:57:52 PM


#16815
                                 
                            
Are we beating a dead horse(film)?

Crapola2theleft
01/12/15 03:46:45 PM


#16814
                                 
                            
Well, someone dumped 50,000

Crapola2theleft
01/08/15 12:40:37 PM


#16813
                                 
                            
Well, here it is a new year. Does

Crapola2theleft
01/01/15 02:49:36 PM


#16812
                                 
                            
nice volume again today

StockPrez
12/23/14 02:43:10 PM


#16811
                                 
                            
Unfortunately, that is all it is!

Crapola2theleft
12/23/14 01:08:06 PM


#16810
                                 
                            
nice volume today

StockPrez
12/22/14 03:24:19 PM


#16809
                                 
                            
Oh, Gee! The stooges, actually did something. I

Crapola2theleft
12/15/14 01:11:34 PM


#16808
                                 
                            
I didn't realize we had big news last month:

StockPrez
12/12/14 06:43:39 PM


#16807
                                 
                            
Great point, lowman. Going to hold on to

StockPrez
12/12/14 09:58:00 AM


#16806
                                 
                            
From today's 10Q:

lowman
12/12/14 09:13:35 AM


#16805
                                 
                            
nice volume today

StockPrez
11/26/14 12:16:42 PM


#16804
                                 
                            
I'm wondering how these clowns are making a

Crapola2theleft
11/25/14 01:10:04 PM


#16803
                                 
                            
yessir

StockPrez
11/20/14 09:30:09 PM


#16802
                                 
                            
Lol! Please remove all shares from the ask

Snizzle
11/20/14 04:21:19 PM


#16801
                                 
                            
Please lessen the number for shares on the

StockPrez
11/20/14 02:40:03 PM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (16)


Hide Intro


View Posters


GFMH Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        



























 


















Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces streaming site to be launched













































Skip to main content












Advertisement 

 



Home
TopicsDisplays
Automotive
Consumer
Electronics
Government
Industrial
Medical
Mil/Aero
Power
Sensors
STEM

WatchEngineering Live
Engineering Update
First Look
Hold Your Batteries
Why I Became an Engineer

EventsECN Impact Awards

Search
SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsPDD
CED
MDT
WDD
WW

 





Advertisement 

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 






 Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces streaming site to be launched 
 Thu, 04/26/2012 - 5:59pm 
 Comments 
 by PR Newswire  

 



 Goliath Film and Media Holdings (OTC Bulletin Board:    GFMH) announces that it plans to go online with its streaming site in . The Company's recently acquired 1500 educational videos will then be available to school districts, private schools and international licensees.  Yesterday, the Company announced that NBA legend AC Green has been appointed as director of the Company's Educational Division.  Having the educational videos online will facilitate immediate sales and revenues for the Company. 
In addition, the Company's existing feature motion picture film library, as well as other properties being acquired, will also be available online commencing in May. Goliath is formulating at this time the parameters of its subscription program. Its competitor Netflix offers a $7.99 per month plan; Amazon Prime (with about 5,000 films) costs $79 per year, or about $6.58 a month.  Goliath plans to fill the niche markets of faith based, education, responsible minority content, and budget horror, and plans in the next few months to add hundreds of feature motion pictures, and thousands in the next 12 to 18 months.  Goliath intends to offer an introductory subscription price much lower than its competitors in order to attract subscribers. 
About Goliath Film and Media
Goliath Film and Media Holdings ("Goliath"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International, intends to develop and distribute film content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, horror, faith-based, and socially responsible minority content.  Goliath will specialize in licensing quality films. Goliath also intends to develop screenplays with the intent of outsourcing the production, and locking in the distribution rights to the films produced through the Company's development efforts. Goliath plans to license films domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network that includes major exhibitors, distributors and television networks. Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com.
Safe Harbor                           
This News Release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove correct. 
 
 
 
 SOURCE  Goliath Film and Media Holdings 









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 





























      Connect with ECN    

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributor Guidelines
Digital Editions
Directory FAQs
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Automotive
Consumer
Displays
Electronics
Government
Industrial
Medical
Mil/Aero
Power
STEM
Sensors
 



Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 








 










 





Advertisement 

 










 



 




















 





  

 






  



 











  GFMHE Stock Quote - Goliath Film & Media Holdings - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Goliath Film & Media Holdings   GFMHE:US      Ticker Change   GFMHE:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.74%     Industry Media   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Goliath Film and Media Holdings develops, produces and distributes feature-length motion pictures.  The Company distributes films that include strong minorities and cater to educational, faith-based and other niche markets, produces low budget films that capitalize on new technologies, and distributes independent films.    Address  4640 Admiralty WaySuite 500Marina Del Rey, CA 90292United States   Phone  1-909-612-1708   Website   www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com     Executives Board Members    Lamont Roberts  Chief Executive Officer    Mike Criscione  COO/Director:Marketing    John Ballard  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         



The Official Website of Goliath Film and Media International










































    GFMH Key Statistics - Goliath Film & Media Holdings Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Goliath Film & Media Holdings

                  OTC: GFMH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Goliath Film & Media Holdings



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 12, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


GFMH

/quotes/zigman/13673575/delayed


$
0.0045




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 16
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/13673575/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0045
		


$
				0.0045
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$0.0045
$0.0045










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0019
        

            $0.0085
        

















			Company Description 


			Goliath Film & Media Holdings is a development stage company which plans to engage in developing and licensing distribution of video content of film and television content. It operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International. The company was founded on February 16, 2...
		


                Goliath Film & Media Holdings is a development stage company which plans to engage in developing and licensing distribution of video content of film and television content. It operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International. The company was founded on February 16, 2010 and is headquartered in Marina del Rey, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
29.35


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
5.78


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
17.50


Price to Sales Ratio
2.96


Price to Book Ratio
2.94


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
4.32


Enterprise Value to Sales
2.94


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.04

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
58,333.00


Income Per Employee
11,487.00


Total Asset Turnover
0.98

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.38


Quick Ratio
0.38


Cash Ratio
0.37



Profitability

Gross Margin
52.53


Operating Margin
20.45


Pretax Margin
20.45


Net Margin
19.69


Return on Assets
19.28


Return on Equity
45.97


Return on Total Capital
40.35


Return on Invested Capital
45.97

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
11.08


Total Debt to Total Capital
9.98


Total Debt to Total Assets
5.86





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Michael  Criscione 
64
2014
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/gfmh

      MarketWatch News on GFMH
    
No News currently available for GFMH





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/gfmh

      Other News on GFMH
    




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
11:05 a.m. March 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
3:40 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
3:10 p.m. Feb. 16, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
9:33 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Goliath Film & Media Holdings
4640 Admiralty Way
Suite 500

Marina del Rey, California 90292




Phone
1 3107958302


Industry
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


Sector
Media/Entertainment


Fiscal Year-end
04/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$175,000


Net Income
$34,460


Employees

        3.00


Annual Report for GFMH











/news/pressrelease/company/us/gfmh

      Press Releases on GFMH
    
No News currently available for GFMH







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































