




	Money Management and retirement 	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 



















 





Cultivating Long-Term Relationships 







Securing Your Future 







Building Sustainable Wealth 



 



 




Home
newvision
2014-05-07T18:40:24+00:00

Welcome to Golub Group
We work hard every day to make a difference for you, by helping you better understand your financial circumstances and clearly articulate your financial goals. We carefully oversee your wealth using time-tested principles of investing. Our business survives and thrives only if our actions match our words, and if we earn your trust every day. Our pledge is to be honest, proactive, accessible and pleasant in our dealings with you, and to be rigorous, prudent and careful with the wealth you entrust to us. Your success and satisfaction with our services drives our success as a firm.
Learn more about Golub Group.


How Can We Help You?



Financial Planning





Investment Management




Upcoming Events




Meet Our Team































	Money Management and retirement   –  Meet Our Team	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 




















Meet Our Team
newvision
2014-05-12T22:58:14+00:00

 The Golub Group Team
Click each team members image to view their personal bio.  You can also sort each team by clicking the group you would like to view.








AllLeadershipPrivate Client GroupInvestment ManagementBusiness DevelopmentOperationsColin HigginsPresidentKurt Hoefer, CFA®PartnerJoe MartinPartnerJohn Dowling, CFA®Chief Investment OfficerJennifer RouseDirector of Operations, CCOCynthia DuncanSenior Financial AdvisorSherry Williams, CFP®Senior Financial AdvisorLyssa Grimaldo, CFP®, CDFA ™Team Lead, Senior Financial AdvisorClaire Shifren, CFP®Senior Financial AdvisorMaria-Elena Ronér, CFP®Senior Financial AdvisorEric Jungling, CFP®Senior Financial AdvisorElaina Serotte, CDFA™Senior Financial AdvisorAnthony Lugo CFP®Financial Advisor CFP®Tiffany Lessler, RP®Financial Planning Associate ManagerMaggie Fennie RP®Financial Planning AssociateJason Yu RP®Financial Planning AssociateMatt Gordon CFA®Senior Equity AnalystMichael Kon, CFA®Portfolio ManagerChris JoynerBusiness Development PrincipalMatt SampsonBusiness Development AssociateAnn LuongBusiness Development AssociateDemia EdwardsRelationship ManagerCindy CutlerOperations ManagerDiane JohnsonClient Service ManagerAyse PehlivanPortfolio AdministratorRoxanne CardenasClient Service ManagerMarissa ReyesTrader and Client Service ManagerTatiane SaraviaClient Service ManagerNadia GutierrezOperations Associate







































	Money Management and retirement   –  Contact Us	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 



















Contact Us

2012-07-31T02:17:58+00:00


We’d Love to Hear From You, Get In Touch With Us
We would be happy to share further information about Golub Group with you to help you better understand our offerings, investment track record, and any other relevant information to determine whether our firm could fit your needs. We would also be happy to speak with you candidly about the firm and get to know you under strict confidence.
Please provide some information about you below.

















San Mateo Office 1850 Gateway Drive, Suite 100San Mateo, CA 94404
Phone: (650) 212-2240
Fax: (650) 212-2249
Email:

info@golubgroup.com

Click Here For 
Directions
Pasadena Office 117 E. Colorado Blvd., Suite 600Pasadena, CA 91105
Phone: (626) 356-2400
Fax: (650) 212-2249
Email:

info@golubgroup.com

Click Here For 
Directions


























	Money Management and retirement   –  Philanthropy	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 




















Philanthropy
newvision
2015-06-02T20:12:21+00:00

Philanthropy
Giving Back
As members of the community, we strive to make a positive contribution and support those in need both locally and abroad. Through the efforts of Golub Group’s Philanthropy Committee, we contribute both time and financial resources to various organizations by donating a portion of the firm’s profits and matching employee donations.  Our goal is to build long-term relationships with the organizations we support focusing on sustainability and impact, aligning our giving with our firm’s mission of securing better futures and building sustainable wealth for our clients.
Here is a partial list of the organizations we have supported:













 



 













 





 




























	Money Management and retirement   –  newvision	
































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 





















 

About newvision

			This author has not yet filled in any details.So far newvision has created 10 entries.			





Email


Email










Q2 2017 Quarterly Commentary – July 1, 2017: Amid Favorable Economic and Market News, a Scarcity of Investment Bargains


The broader US equity market, as measured by the S&P 500 total return index, finished its seventh consecutive positive quarter on June 30th, logging an increase of 3.09% including dividends. The Dow Jones Industrials rose by 3.95% during the period, and the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite finished higher by 4.21%. Fixed income markets also posted […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 






Q1 2017 Quarterly Commentary – April 1, 2017: Sentiment (and the Market) is Rising


The U.S. stock market continued its upward march with all three major indexes hitting all-time highs during the quarter. At the end of the first quarter, the S&P 500, including dividends, had increased 6.07%, the Dow Jones Industrials increased by 5.19% and the technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite generated the strongest return, increasing by 10.13%. Bond […]
 



Tags: Commentary, Economy, Election, Market| 

Read More 






Q4 2016 Quarterly Commentary – January 1, 2017: A Perspective on the Election Surprise


Stock markets rallied in the fourth quarter of 2016 with the S&P 500, including dividends, rising by 3.82%, the Dow Jones Industrials rising by 8.66% and the technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite rising by 1.69%. Full year total returns for the three major US benchmarks were as follows: S&P 500 11.95%; DJIA 16.50%; NASDAQ Comp 8.97%. […]
 



Tags: Commentary, Election| 

Read More 






November 23, 2016 – Happy Thanksgiving


It is during this time of year that we start to reflect even more on what we value and care most about, and for us at Golub Group, it is the relationships we’ve formed with you throughout the years.  We are grateful for the opportunity to work with you and your families and we […]
 



Tags: Clients| 

Read More 






Election 2016


It appears that the media and the market got it wrong again when it came to the outcome of a critical election. As of this evening, with the outcome of the U.S. presidential election still not finalized, but looking likely that Donald Trump will be the victor, the markets are selling off dramatically.
Incredibly, we […]
 



| 

Read More 






Q3 2016 Quarterly Commentary – October 1, 2016: Keep Eyes on Earnings, Not Elections


The third quarter was fairly good one for equity investors, as the S&P 500 produced a total return of 3.85% including dividends, the Dow Jones Industrials on the same basis returned 2.78%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite soared by 10.02%. Bond yields rose, with the 10-year US Treasury closing the quarter at 1.60% versus […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 






Q2 2016 Quarterly Commentary – July 1, 2016:  Brexit Volatility and Election Concerns Mask Fundamental Economic Strength


Despite the sharp sell-off in the markets following Great Britain’s referendum vote to leave the European Union, the S&P 500 closed the first half of the year up a positive 3.84% (including dividends). The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is Europe’s leading Blue-chip index for the Eurozone and covers 50 stocks from 12 Eurozone […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 






Q1 2016 Quarterly Commentary – April 1, 2016:  Keeping it Simple for Better Long-Term Results


It may come as a surprise to learn that the stock market in the first quarter of 2016 ended in the black, because there was little about the first quarter that felt good. In fact, the S&P 500 closed up by +1.4%, including dividends. Bonds did even better, with the Barclay’s Aggregate Bond Index […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 






Q4 2015 Quarterly Commentary – January 1, 2016:  Flat 2015 and Downbeat Sentiment Set the Stage for a Productive 2016


Wall Street market strategists entered 2015 predicting rising stock markets. On average, 19 strategists polled by Bloomberg at the outset of 2015 forecasted a return of 8.5% for the S&P 500. What we got instead in 2015 was a rise of only 1.4% in the S&P 500 including dividends. Only 44% of stocks in […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 






Q3 2015 Quarterly Commentary – October 1, 2015:  Making Sense of China Volatility


The third quarter was a challenging one for equity investors. The stock market, as measured by the S&P 500 (including dividends), fell 6.4%. Both the Dow Jones Industrials and NASDAQ Comp Index dropped 7.0%. The pain was shared with investors around the globe, as many key markets outside the US fell even more. In […]
 



Tags: Commentary| 

Read More 

































	Money Management and retirement   –  directions_pasadena	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 




















directions_pasadena
newvision
2014-07-11T20:01:29+00:00

Directions To Our Pasadena Office

 From Orange County
Take CA-57 N and I-210 W/Foothill Fwy to Maple St in Pasadena. 
Take exit 25B from I-210 W/Foothill Fwy
 Merge onto CA-55 N
 Use the right 2 lanes to take exit 10B to merge onto I-5 N toward Santa Ana
 Use the right 2 lanes to take exit 107A for CA-57 N toward Pomona
 Continue onto CA-57 N
 Stay on CA-57 N
 Keep right at the fork to stay on CA-57 N
 Use the left 3 lanes to take exit 25C to merge onto I-210 W/Foothill Fwy toward Pasadena
 Take exit 25B toward Fair Oaks Avenue/Marengo Avenue
 Take Marengo Ave to E Colorado Blvd
 Merge onto Maple St
 Use the left 2 lanes to turn left onto Marengo Ave
 Turn right onto E Colorado Blvd

  From San Fernando
Head south on Hazeltine Ave toward Calvert St
Turn left onto Oxnard St
Turn right to merge onto CA-170 S/Hollywood Fwy
Take CA-134 E/Ventura Fwy to W Colorado Blvd in Pasadena. Take exit 13A from CA-134 E/Ventura Fwy
Merge onto CA-170 S/Hollywood Fwy
Use the right 2 lanes to take exit 13B to merge onto CA-134 E/Ventura Fwy toward Pasadena
Take exit 13A for Colorado Blvd/Orange Grove Blvd
Merge onto W Colorado Blvd

 From Downtown Los Angeles
Head northeast on S San Pedro St toward E 6th St
Turn left onto E 5th St
Continue straight onto W 5th St
Keep right at the fork, follow signs for CA-110 N/Harbor Fwy N and merge onto CA-110 N
Turn left onto E Colorado Blvd

  From Santa Barbara
Get on US-101 S from Anacapa St
 Continue on US-101 S to Pasadena. Take exit 13Afrom CA-134 E
 Merge onto US-101 S
 Keep left at the fork to stay on US-101 S
 Keep left at the fork to continue on CA-134 E, follow signs for Burbank/Pasadena
 Take exit 13A for Colorado Blvd/Orange Grove Blvd
 Merge onto W Colorado Blvd




San Mateo Office 
1850 Gateway Drive, Suite 100San Mateo, CA 94404
Phone: (650) 212-2240
Fax: (650) 212-2249
Email: info@golubgroup.com

Pasadena Office 
117 E. Colorado Blvd., Suite 600Pasadena, CA 91105
Phone: (626) 356-2400
Fax: (626) 356-2415
Email: info@golubgroup.com



























	Money Management and retirement   –  Client Login	



































































Home
Contact Us
Client Access


 













 




















Client Login
newvision
2014-05-23T18:26:07+00:00


Client Login
You are now leaving The Golub Group’s Website and will be entering the Sharefile, by Citrix Website. Sharefile provides a secure site for Golub Group’s clients to retrieve their reports, but is not affiliated with The Golub Group’s or any advisor(s) whose name(s) appear(s) on this Website.
If you have never been set up for this service or if you forgot your password, you can click “forgot password” and the system will send a temporary password to your email that we have on file.
If you have additional questions or need assistance, please contact our office at (650) 212-2240.

Client Secure Portal






 























﻿






























Golub Group LLC Has $210,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Primerica (PRI) & Emergent Capital (NYSE:IFT) Head to Head Comparison
Contrasting ABB (NYSE:ABB) and Hydrogenics Corporation (HYGS)
Contrasting Silgan Holdings (NASDAQ:SLGN) and TriMas Corp (TRS)
Head to Head Survey: Lifeway Foods (NASDAQ:LWAY) & Synutra International (SYUT)
American International Group Inc. Has $426,000 Position in Pharmerica Corporation (PMC)
Paloma Partners Management Co Invests $586,000 in Shaw Communications Inc. (SJR)
Golub Group LLC Has $210,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
North American Energy Partners, Inc. (NOA) Shares Bought by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
$1.64 Billion in Sales Expected for Clorox Company (The) (CLX) This Quarter
$860.58 Million in Sales Expected for Equifax, Inc. (EFX) This Quarter
LivaNova PLC (LIVN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds
Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund (JPS) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds
ImmuCell Corporation (NASDAQ:ICCC) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds
$520.45 Million in Sales Expected for G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (NASDAQ:GIII) This Quarter
AQR Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (INN)
Bright Horizons Family Solutions (NYSE:BFAM) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.04
Sinclair Broadcast Group (NASDAQ:SBGI) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds
Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Ebix (NASDAQ:EBIX) Share Price
Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Shares Bought by Colonial Trust Advisors
Shake Shack (SHAK) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.11







Golub Group LLC Has $210,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 16th, 2017 // No Comments




Golub Group LLC cut its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 20.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 7,600 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after selling 2,000 shares during the period. Golub Group LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $210,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Evanson Asset Management LLC raised its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.0% in the first quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 110,131 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $3,041,000 after buying an additional 1,110 shares in the last quarter.  North American Management Corp raised its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 6.1% in the first quarter. North American Management Corp now owns 175,930 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $4,857,000 after buying an additional 10,121 shares during the period.  Whalerock Point Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 8.9% in the fourth quarter. Whalerock Point Partners LLC now owns 77,130 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $2,086,000 after buying an additional 6,280 shares during the period.  Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 9.5% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 53,883 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,476,000 after buying an additional 4,670 shares during the period.  Finally, Ibex Wealth Advisors bought a new stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter worth $2,076,000. 38.56% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE EPD) opened at 27.71 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $26.79 and its 200 day moving average is $27.40. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 52-week low of $24.01 and a 52-week high of $30.25. The firm has a market cap of $59.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.44 and a beta of 0.89. 





Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.05 billion. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.33 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be given a dividend of $0.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.06%. This is a boost from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is presently 133.87%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Golub Group LLC Has $210,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/16/golub-group-llc-has-210000-stake-in-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-nyseepd.html. 
EPD has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Monday, April 17th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. BMO Capital Markets  set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 5th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.05.
About Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.







Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























Golub Group LLC Increases Position in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Mattel Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mattel Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Zacks: Pure Cycle Corporation (PCYO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Insider Selling: Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (EFII) CEO Sells 13,712 Shares of Stock
CNA Financial Corp Has $2.60 Million Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE:OMC)
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (NYSE:RCL) to Hold
uniQure N.V. (NASDAQ:QURE) Insider Sells $296,786.00 in Stock
Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) PT Raised to $128.00 at Barclays PLC
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a $175.00 Price Target
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners
Essex Property Trust, Inc. (ESS) Cut to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI)
Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give adidas AG (FRA:ADS) a €218.00 Price Target
Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Jungheinrich AG (JUN3) a €29.00 Price Target
Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AGIO)  Shares Down 7.6%  Following Insider Selling
Insider Selling: Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MMSI) Director Sells 6,744 Shares of Stock
Young & Co.'s Brewery plc’s (LON:YNGA) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Barratt Developments Plc (LON:BDEV) Given Sell Rating at Liberum Capital
NEX Group PLC (LON:NXG) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital
HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (NYSE:MTU) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research
Lions Gate Entertainment Co. Class A Voting Shares (NASDAQ:LGF.A) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research



 


Golub Group LLC Increases Position in Mattel, Inc. (MAT)

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 14th, 2017 // No Comments 



Golub Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ:MAT) by 4.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 31,555 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,351 shares during the period. Golub Group LLC’s holdings in Mattel were worth $808,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of MAT. Delta Asset Management LLC TN acquired a new stake in shares of  Mattel during the first quarter valued at about $102,000.  Bollard Group LLC increased its stake in shares of  Mattel by 1.5% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 4,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 62 shares in the last quarter.  Amica Retiree Medical Trust acquired a new stake in shares of  Mattel during the first quarter valued at about $121,000.  Sowell Financial Services LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Mattel during the fourth quarter valued at about $134,000.  Finally, First Interstate Bank increased its stake in shares of  Mattel by 237.1% in the first quarter. First Interstate Bank now owns 6,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $171,000 after buying an additional 4,700 shares in the last quarter. 93.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Mattel Inc. alerts:



Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ MAT) traded up 1.59% on Friday, hitting $21.06. 3,943,242 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $21.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.09. The company has a market capitalization of $7.21 billion, a PE ratio of 26.42 and a beta of 0.85. Mattel, Inc. has a 1-year low of $19.41 and a 1-year high of $34.24. 




Mattel (NASDAQ:MAT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The company reported ($0.32) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.17) by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $735.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $797.60 million. Mattel had a return on equity of 13.19% and a net margin of 5.22%. The business’s revenue was down 15.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($0.14) EPS.  Analysts anticipate that  Mattel, Inc. will post $0.97 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, August 23rd will be given a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, August 21st. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.85%. Mattel’s dividend payout ratio  is 192.41%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  posted by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/14/golub-group-llc-increases-position-in-mattel-inc-mat.html. 
MAT has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. B. Riley  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $30.50 target price (down from $35.00) on shares of Mattel in a research report on Friday, April 21st. BidaskClub raised Mattel from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price on shares of Mattel in a research report on Monday, June 19th. DA Davidson downgraded Mattel from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $30.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. Finally, MKM Partners decreased their target price on Mattel from $24.00 to $22.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $28.18.
In other news, Director Dean A. Scarborough purchased 47,000 shares of Mattel stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $21.95 per share, for a total transaction of $1,031,650.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 77,573 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,702,727.35. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.88% of the company’s stock. 
About Mattel
Mattel, Inc manufactures and markets a range of toy products around the world. The Company’s segments are North America; International, and American Girl. Its portfolio of brands and products are grouped into approximately four major brand categories, including Mattel Girls & Boys Brands, Fisher-Price Brands, American Girl Brands and Construction and Arts & Crafts Brands.







Receive News & Ratings for Mattel Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mattel Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Zacks: Pure Cycle Corporation  Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages





CNA Financial Corp Has $2.60 Million Position in Omnicom Group Inc. 





Insider Selling: Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  CEO Sells 13,712 Shares of Stock





uniQure N.V.  Insider Sells $296,786.00 in Stock





Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  to Hold





Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 





































﻿

























American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Shares Sold by Golub Group LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for American International Group Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor American International Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

uniQure N.V. (QURE) Insider Sells $296,786.00 in Stock
Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Cut to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Greene King plc (GNK) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity
Brokerages Expect Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) to Post $0.95 Earnings Per Share
Insider Selling: TBC Bank Group PLC (LON:TBCG) Insider Sells 51 Shares of Stock
Two Harbors Investments Corp (NYSE:TWO) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Nevsun Resources (TSE:NSU) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.52
Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows
$0.09 EPS Expected for Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) This Quarter
Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) and Echo Therapeutics (ECTE) Critical Analysis
Cimpress N.V (CMPR) versus LSC Communications (LKSD) Head to Head Contrast
Semtech Corporation (SMTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada
Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Vodafone Group plc (VOD)
Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD) Upgraded to Hold by BidaskClub
Insider Buying: CanniMed Therapeutics Inc (TSE:CMED) Director Purchases 7,300 Shares of Stock
J & J Snack Foods Corp. (NASDAQ:JJSF) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Terreno Realty Corporation (TRNO) and First Industrial Realty Trust (FR) Head-To-Head Comparison
Tullow Oil (TUWLF) Downgraded by Sanford C. Bernstein to “Mkt Perform”
Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC (RBGLY) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to “Hold”
JMP Group (NYSE:JMP) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows


 


American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Shares Sold by Golub Group LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 

Golub Group LLC lowered its position in shares of American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) by 49.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 278,279 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 270,357 shares during the period. American International Group accounts for 1.7% of Golub Group LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 28th largest position. Golub Group LLC’s holdings in American International Group were worth $17,373,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AIG. Israel Discount Bank of New York bought a new position in shares of American International Group during the first quarter worth approximately $145,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN acquired a new position in American International Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $148,000. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC increased its stake in American International Group by 0.5% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 2,642 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its stake in American International Group by 147.9% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 2,868 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 1,711 shares during the period. Finally, Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new stake in American International Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $184,000. Institutional investors own 86.16% of the company’s stock. 


 Get American International Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of American International Group, Inc. (NYSE AIG) traded down 0.44% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $63.77. The company had a trading volume of 1,982,074 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $63.09 and its 200 day moving average is $63.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $59.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 129.61 and a beta of 1.13. American International Group, Inc. has a 52-week low of $53.93 and a 52-week high of $67.47. 




American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $1.36 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.11 by $0.25. American International Group had a net margin of 1.00% and a return on equity of 5.36%. The firm had revenue of $11.31 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.65 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that American International Group, Inc. will post $5.02 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th were paid a $0.32 dividend. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.00%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, June 12th. American International Group’s dividend payout ratio is 412.92%. 
American International Group declared that its Board of Directors has initiated a stock repurchase plan on Wednesday, May 3rd that allows the company to repurchase $2.50 billion in outstanding shares. This repurchase authorization allows the insurance provider to buy up to 4.2% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are often a sign that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Shares Sold by Golub Group LLC” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/18/golub-group-llc-sells-270357-shares-of-american-international-group-inc-aig-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on AIG shares. TheStreet raised American International Group from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Royal Bank Of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $71.00 price target on shares of American International Group in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of American International Group in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Credit Suisse Group set a $72.00 target price on American International Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 15th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised American International Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $65.15.
In other American International Group news, CEO Brian Duperreault acquired 80,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 18th. The stock was bought at an average price of $61.48 per share, for a total transaction of $4,918,400.00. Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 80,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,918,400. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.52% of the company’s stock. 
About American International Group
American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























The Golub Group, Llc Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > The Golub Group, LlcThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSTThe Golub Group, LlcLocationSan Mateo, CARevenue$7mTotal Funding$–Founded-Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitewww.golubgroup.com/LinkedIn–Golub Group was organized as an independent investment advisory firm in 2003. We
serve the investment needs of families, individuals, foundations, and
endowments, as well as business-owners seeking advice with their pension and
profit-sharing plans. Our clients receive institutional-grade investment
management and comprehensive advice with respect to their financial futures. The
firm also serves as the manager of separate accounts for other independent
financial advisors and a no-load equity...  read more mutual fund. With over $1 billion in
assets under management, the firm is large enough to possess
highly-sophisticated systems, have access to a wide range of institutional
research tools and services, and employ the highest-caliber professional talent,
but is small enough to maintain the culture of a boutique investment firmKeywordsbrokerage,financeRecent News from The Golub Group, LlcStart trial to view recent news about The Golub Group, Llc.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service





Golub Group, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Golub Group, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Golub Group, LLC

Company Information:Name:Golub Group, LLCAddress:1850 Gateway DriveSuite 600San Mateo, CA 94404Phone:(650) 212-2240(650) 212-2249Website:www.golubgroup.comCompany Products:


Golub Group, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets



































 


Golub Group, LLC
 | LinkedIn
 



























































































































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.














































Golub Group, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 3:34 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Golub Group, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Golub Group, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, investment advisors, and foundations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It typically invests in the growth stocks of companies. For the fixed income portion, the firm invests in bonds, high dividend-paying common stocks, and preferred securities. It e...
Golub Group, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, investment advisors, and foundations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It typically invests in the growth stocks of companies. For the fixed income portion, the firm invests in bonds, high dividend-paying common stocks, and preferred securities. It employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against the S&P 500 Index. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Golub Group, LLC was founded in 2003 and is based in San Mateo, California with an additional office in Pasadena, California.
Detailed Description


1850 Gateway DriveSuite 100San Mateo, CA 94404United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 650-212-2240

Fax: 650-212-2249

www.golubgroup.com







Key Executives for Golub Group, LLC




Mr. Michael MacArthur Golub


      	Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Senior Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Colin Matthew Higgins


      	President, Chief Operating Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Research Analyst
      








Mr. Gregory Scott Golub


      	Secretary
      








Mr. Joseph A. Martin CFP


      	Director of Private Client Group and Vice President
      








Mr. Kurt Hoefer CFA


      	Director of Business Development, Portfolio Manager, and Research Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Golub Group, LLC, please visit www.golubgroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Golub Group : Top Money Managers  



The Golub Group LLC                                                                                                      - Pasadena                                          , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Pasadena



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            The Golub Group LLC
                                    



 





















T 


The Golub Group LLC                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



215 N MARENGO AVE PASADENA, CA 91101
Get Directions



(626) 356-2400
www.golubgroup.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING

































golub group llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form an LLC Online Today - Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable!



Ad
 ·
www.Incorporate.com/​LLC



Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable! Form an LLC Online in 10 Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Searches related togolub group llc



golub & company llc


golub investment management


golub corp headquarters


golub real estate chicago



golub management


golub and company careers


golub and company chicago


golub development in chicago




Web Results

Golub Group, LLC

www.golubgroup.com


We work hard every day to make a difference for you, by helping you better understand your financial circumstances and clearly articulate your financial goals.



Meet Our Team



Contact Us



Philanthropy



NewVision



Get Directions



Client Login



Golub Group, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Golub Group, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Golub Group LLC Has $210,000 Stake in Enterprise Products ...

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/16/golub-group-llc-has...


Golub Group LLC cut its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 20.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing ...


Home - Golub & Company

golubandcompany.com


Development and investment firm offering details on commercial and residential services in the USA, Central and Eastern Europe, Russia and the United Kingdom.


American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Shares Sold ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/18/golub-group-llc...


Golub Group LLC lowered its position in shares of American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) by 49.3% during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Golub Group LLC Increases Position in Mattel, Inc. (MAT ...

https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/14/golub-group-llc...


Golub Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ:MAT) by 4.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the ...


Golub Group, LLC | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/golub-group-llc


Learn about working at Golub Group, LLC. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Golub Group, LLC, leverage your professional network, and get hired.


Golub Group LLC Invests $32.66 Million in Novartis AG ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/golub-group-llc...


Golub Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.


McKesson Corporation (MCK) Shares Bought by Golub Group LLC

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/golub-group-llc-has...


Golub Group LLC boosted its position in McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) by 4.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the ...










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form an LLC Online Today - Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable!



Ad
 ·
www.Incorporate.com/​LLC



Fast, Easy, Accurate & Affordable! Form an LLC Online in 10 Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business




Searches related togolub group llc



golub & company llc


golub investment management


golub corp headquarters


golub real estate chicago



golub management


golub and company careers


golub and company chicago


golub development in chicago




12345Next






Answers







Golub Capital



Management LLC and Corporate Partners. Also in 2004, Andrew Steuerman (previously of Albion Alliance and the New York Life Insurance Company) joined...

more






Leon Golub



Leon Golub (January 23, 1922 – August 8, 2004) was an American painter. He was born in Chicago, Illinois, where he also studied, receiving his BA at the...

more






David Golub



and extensively-recorded chamber group, which won the AFIM Indie award for best classical ensemble in 1995 in honor of its recording of Smetana and...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








