










 


    Phillip Gomez | SIGA TECHNOLOGIES INC | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Gomez Phillip Louis III - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Gomez Phillip Louis III





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-22Option Award
2016-11-234:14 pm
N/AN/A
Siga Technologies Inc
SIGA
Gomez Phillip Louis IIIChief Executive Officer
882,353
$0
882,353(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 19:19:07 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Gomez Henry, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Gomez Henry


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Gomez Henry.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (38)
CIK Number: 0001317648


Earliest known filing
March 2005
Latest known filing
December 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Gomez Henry has 38 filings. View Gomez Henry filings.
Similar companiesGOMEZ ADVISORS INC, GOMEZ BARBARA M, GOMEZ INC, GOMEZ GUSTAYO, GOMEZ JOSE, GOMEZ REINALDO F, GOMEZ MARIANO TORRE, GOMEZ SCOTT, GOMEZ ANDREW, GOMEZ ARMANDO FAUSTO ORTEGA, GOMEZ JOHN, GOMEZ RANDAL, GOMEZ HECTOR, Gomez-Cuetara Juan, Gomez Victor M., Gomez Gustavo, Gomez Pimienta Jose Luis, Gomez Dave, Gomez Richard, Gomez Gabriel E, Gomez Gabriel E, Gomez Sergio Medina, GOMEZ GREGORY M, GOMEZ HORTENSIA R, Gomez Dominic Alfred, GOMEZ MICHAEL P., Gomez Alfredo, Gomez, Andres (nmn), GOMEZ CRISTIAN, Gomez-Bravo Pilar, Gomez Aguilar Javier, Gomez Elena, Gomez Phillip Louis III, Gomez Richard H.














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Gomez Henry. 







Gomez Aguilar Javier, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Gomez Aguilar Javier


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Gomez Aguilar Javier.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (1)
CIK Number: 0001575263


Earliest known filing
April 2013
Latest known filing
April 2013




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Gomez Aguilar Javier has 1 filings. View Gomez Aguilar Javier filings.
Similar companiesGOMEZ ADVISORS INC, Gomez Alfredo, GOMEZ ANDREW, GOMEZ ARMANDO FAUSTO ORTEGA, GOMEZ BARBARA M, GOMEZ CRISTIAN, Gomez Dave, Gomez Dominic Alfred, Gomez Elena, Gomez Gabriel E, Gomez Gabriel E, GOMEZ GREGORY M, Gomez Gustavo, GOMEZ GUSTAYO, GOMEZ HECTOR, Gomez Henry, GOMEZ HORTENSIA R, GOMEZ INC, GOMEZ JOHN, GOMEZ JOSE, GOMEZ MARIANO TORRE, GOMEZ MICHAEL P., Gomez Phillip Louis III, Gomez Pimienta Jose Luis, GOMEZ RANDAL, GOMEZ REINALDO F, Gomez Richard, Gomez Richard H., GOMEZ SCOTT, Gomez Sergio Medina, Gomez Victor M., Gomez, Andres (nmn), Gomez-Bravo Pilar, Gomez-Cuetara Juan














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Gomez Aguilar Javier. 







Gomez Alfredo, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Gomez Alfredo


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Gomez Alfredo.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (62)
CIK Number: 0001511120


Earliest known filing
January 2011
Latest known filing
April 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Gomez Alfredo has 62 filings. View Gomez Alfredo filings.
Similar companiesGOMEZ ADVISORS INC, GOMEZ BARBARA M, GOMEZ INC, GOMEZ GUSTAYO, GOMEZ JOSE, GOMEZ REINALDO F, GOMEZ MARIANO TORRE, GOMEZ SCOTT, GOMEZ ANDREW, GOMEZ ARMANDO FAUSTO ORTEGA, GOMEZ JOHN, GOMEZ RANDAL, GOMEZ HECTOR, Gomez-Cuetara Juan, Gomez Victor M., Gomez Henry, Gomez Gustavo, Gomez Pimienta Jose Luis, Gomez Dave, Gomez Richard, Gomez Gabriel E, Gomez Gabriel E, Gomez Sergio Medina, GOMEZ GREGORY M, GOMEZ HORTENSIA R, Gomez Dominic Alfred, GOMEZ MICHAEL P., Gomez, Andres (nmn), GOMEZ CRISTIAN, Gomez-Bravo Pilar, Gomez Aguilar Javier, Gomez Elena, Gomez Phillip Louis III, Gomez Richard H.














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Gomez Alfredo. 








Philip III of Spain - Wikipedia






















 






Philip III of Spain

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Phillip III King of Spain)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip III



Philip III by Diego Velázquez (1627)






King of Spain





King of Portugal and the Algarves
1598–1621


King of Naples
1598–1621


King of Sicily
1598–1621


King of Sardinia
1598–1621


Duke of Milan
1598–1621






(more...)


Reign
13 September 1598 – 31 March 1621


Predecessor
Philip II


Successor
Philip IV







Born
(1578-04-12)12 April 1578
Madrid, Spain


Died
31 March 1621(1621-03-31) (aged 42)
Madrid, Spain


Burial
El Escorial


Spouse
Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; her d. 1611)


Issue



Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Charles of Spain
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand





House
Habsburg


Father
Philip II of Spain


Mother
Anna of Austria


Religion
Roman Catholicism


Signature





House of Habsburg
Spanish line









Emperor Charles V
(King Charles I)




Children
Philip II of Spain
Maria, Holy Roman Empress
Joan of Spain
Don John (illegitimate)
Margaret of Parma (illegitimate)




Philip II




Children include
Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Isabella of Spain
Catherine, Duchess of Savoy
Philip III of Spain
Maria of Spain




Philip III




Children include
Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Ana, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Carlos
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand




Philip IV




Children include
Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias
Maria Theresa, Queen of France
Margaret, Holy Roman Empress
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias
Charles II of Spain




Charles II





v
t
e





Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III; 14 April 1578 – 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II). A member of the House of Habsburg, Philip III was born in Madrid to King Philip II of Spain and his fourth wife and niece Anna, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II and Maria of Spain. Philip III later married his cousin Margaret of Austria, sister of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Although also known in Spain as Philip the Pious,[1] Philip's political reputation abroad has been largely negative – an 'undistinguished and insignificant man,' a 'miserable monarch,' whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice,' to quote historians C. V. Wedgwood, R. Stradling and J. H. Elliott.[2] In particular, Philip's reliance on his corrupt chief minister, the Duke of Lerma, drew much criticism at the time and afterwards. For many, the decline of Spain can be dated to the economic difficulties that set in during the early years of his reign. Nonetheless, as the ruler of the Spanish Empire at its height and as the king who achieved a temporary peace with the Dutch (1609–1621) and brought Spain into the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) through an (initially) extremely successful campaign, Philip's reign remains a critical period in Spanish history.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Religion, Philip and the role of women at court
3 Style of government

3.1 Duke of Lerma as valido
3.2 Imperial proconsuls
3.3 Fall of Lerma


4 Domestic policy

4.1 Expulsion of the Moriscos
4.2 Economic decline and failed reform


5 Foreign policy

5.1 War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21
5.2 Entry to the Thirty Years' War


6 Legacy
7 Titles and style
8 Ancestry
9 Family
10 Further information
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 Further reading



Early life[edit]
After Philip III's older brother Don Carlos died insane, Philip II had concluded that one of the causes of Carlos' condition had been the influence of the warring factions at the Spanish court.[3] He believed that Carlos' education and upbringing had been badly affected by this, resulting in his lunacy and disobedience, and accordingly he set out to pay much greater attention to arrangements for his later sons.[3] Philip II appointed Juan de Zúñiga, then Prince Diego's governor, to continue this role for Philip, and chose García de Loaysa as his tutor.[3] They were joined by Cristóbal de Moura, a close supporter of Philip II. In combination, Philip believed, they would provide a consistent, stable upbringing for Prince Philip, and ensure he avoided the same fate as Carlos.[4] Philip's education was to follow the model for royal princes laid down by Father Juan de Mariana, focusing on the imposition of restraints and encouragement to form the personality of the individual at an early age, aiming to deliver a king who was neither tyrannical nor excessively under the influence of his courtiers.[4]
Prince Philip appears to have been generally liked by his contemporaries: 'dynamic, good-natured and earnest,' suitably pious, having a 'lively body and a peaceful disposition,' albeit with a relatively weak constitution.[5] The comparison with the memory of the disobedient and ultimately insane Carlos was usually a positive one, although some commented that Prince Philip appeared less intelligent and politically competent than his late brother.[5] Indeed, although Philip was educated in Latin, French, Portuguese and astronomy, and appears to have been a competent linguist,[4] recent historians suspect that much of his tutors' focus on Philip's undeniably pleasant, pious and respectful disposition was to avoid reporting that, languages aside, he was not in fact particularly intelligent or academically gifted.[6] Nonetheless, Philip does not appear to have been naive – his correspondence to his daughters shows a distinctive cautious streak in his advice on dealing with court intrigue.[7]
Philip first met the Marquis of Denia – the future Duke of Lerma – then, a gentleman of the King's chamber, in his early teens.[6] Lerma and Philip became close friends, but Lerma was considered unsuitable by the King and Philip's tutors. Lerma was dispatched to Valencia as a Viceroy in 1595, with the aim of removing Philip from his influence;[6] but after Lerma pleaded poor health, he was allowed to return two years later. By now in poor health himself, King Philip II was becoming increasingly concerned over the prince's future, and he attempted to establish de Moura as a future, trusted advisor to his son, reinforcing de Loaysa's position by appointing him archbishop.[8] The prince received a new, conservative Dominican confessor.[8] The following year, Philip II died after a painful illness, leaving the Spanish Empire to his son (and grandnephew), King Philip III.
Religion, Philip and the role of women at court[edit]
Philip married his cousin, Margaret of Austria, in 1599, a year after becoming king. Margaret, the sister of the future Emperor Ferdinand II, would be one of three women at Philip's court who would apply considerable influence over the king.[9] Margaret was considered by contemporaries to be extremely pious – in some cases, excessively pious, and too influenced by the Church[10] – 'astute and very skillful' in her political dealings,[11] although 'melancholic' and unhappy over the influence of the Duke of Lerma over her husband at court.[10] Margaret continued to fight an ongoing battle with Lerma for influence up until her death in 1611. Philip had an 'affectionate, close relationship' with Margaret,[12] and paid her additional attention after she bore him a son in 1605.[12]
Margaret, alongside Philip's grandmother/aunt, Empress Maria – the Austrian representative to the Spanish court – and Margaret of the Cross, Maria's daughter – formed a powerful, uncompromising Catholic and pro-Austrian voice within Philip's life.[9] They were successful, for example, in convincing Philip to provide financial support to Ferdinand from 1600 onwards.[12] Philip steadily acquired other religious advisors. Father Juan de Santa Maria – confessor to Philip's daughter, doña Maria, was felt by contemporaries to have an excessive influence over Philip at the end of his life,[13] and both he and Luis de Aliaga, Philip's own confessor, were credited with influencing the overthrow of Lerma in 1618. Similarly Mariana de San Jose, a favoured nun of Queen Margaret's, was also criticised for her later influence over the King's actions.[13]
Style of government[edit]




Philip III of Spain


The Spanish crown at the time ruled through a system of royal councils. The most significant of these were the Councils of State and its subordinate Council for War, that were in turn supported by the seven professional councils for the different regions, and four specialised councils for the Inquisition, the Military Orders, Finance and the Crusade tax.[14] These councils were then supplemented by small committees, or juntas, as necessary, such as the 'junta of the night' through which Philip II exercised personal authority towards the end of his reign.[15] As a matter of policy, Philip had tried to avoid appointing grandees to major positions of power within his government and relied heavily on the lesser nobles, the so-called 'service' nobility.[15] Philip II had taken the traditional system of councils and applied a high degree of personal scrutiny to them, especially in matters of paperwork, which he declined to delegate – the result was a 'ponderous' process.[16] To his contemporaries, the degree of personal oversight he exercised was excessive; his 'self-imposed role as the chief clerk to the Spanish empire'[17] was not thought entirely appropriate. Philip first started to become engaged in practical government at the age of 15, when he joined Philip II's private committee.[5]
Philip III's approach to government appears to have stemmed from three main drivers. Firstly, he was heavily influenced by the eirenic ideas being circulated in Italian circles in reaction to the new Humanist theories of governance, typified by Machiavelli.[18] Writers such as Girolamo Frachetta, who became a particular favourite of Philip, had propagated a conservative definition of 'reason of state' which centred on exercising a princely prudence and a strict obedience to the laws and customs of the country that one ruled.[19] Secondly, Philip may have shared Lerma's view that the governmental system of Philip II was fast proving impractical and unnecessarily excluded the great nobles of the kingdoms – it had been creaking badly in the last decades of his father's life.[20] Lastly, Philip's own personality and his friendship with Lerma heavily shaped his approach to policy-making. The result was a radical shift in the role of the crown in government from the model of Philip II.
Duke of Lerma as valido[edit]




Francisco Goméz de Sandoval y Rojas, Duke of Lerma, Spanish statesman


Within a few hours of Philip ascending to the throne, Lerma had been made a royal counsellor by the new king and set about establishing himself as a fully fledged valido, or royal favourite.[21] Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king. All the business of government, Philip instructed, was to arrive in writing and be channeled through Lerma before reaching him.[22] Whilst Philip was not hugely active in government in other ways, once these memoranda, or consulta, had reached him he appears to have been assiduous in commenting on them.[23] Debates in royal councils would now only begin upon the written instruction of the king – again, through Lerma.[24] All members of royal councils were under orders to maintain complete transparency with Lerma as the king's personal representative;[24] indeed, in 1612 the councils were ordered by Philip to obey Lerma as if he were the king.[23] The degree to which Lerma himself played an active role in government has been disputed. Contemporaries were inclined to see Lerma's hand in every action of government; others have since thought Lerma to have 'neither the temperament nor the energy' to impose himself greatly on the actions of government;[25] still others consider Lerma to have carefully attended only those Councils of State that addressed matters of great importance to the king,[26] creating a space for the wider professionalisation of government that had been lacking under Philip II.[27]
This new system of government became increasingly unpopular very quickly. The novel idea of a valido exercising power went against the long-standing popular conception that the king should exercise his powers personally, not through another.[28] Before long, the apparatus of the Spanish government was packed with Lerma's relatives, Lerma's servants and Lerma's political friends, to the exclusion of others.[29] Lerma responded by further limiting his public visibility in politics, avoiding signing and writing documents personally,[30] and constantly stressing that he was, humbly, only working on behalf of his master, Philip III.
Imperial proconsuls[edit]
De Lerma's role as royal favourite at court was further complicated by the rise of various 'proconsuls' under Philip III's reign – significant Spanish representatives overseas, who came to exercise independent judgement and even independent policies in the absence of strong leadership from the centre.[31] The challenges to government communication during the period encouraged aspects of this, but the phenomenon was much more marked under Philip III than under either the reign of his father or son.




Ambrosio Spinola, one of Philip III's various imperial proconsuls, by Peter Paul Rubens.


In the Netherlands, Philip II had bequeathed his remaining territories in the Low Countries to his daughter Isabella of Spain and her husband, Archduke Albert, under the condition that if she died without heirs, the province would return to the Spanish Crown. Given that Isabella was notoriously childless, it was clear that this was only intended to be a temporary measure, and that Philip II had envisaged an early revision to Philip III.[32] As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.[33] Meanwhile, the Italian-born Ambrosio Spinola was to perform a crucial role as a Spanish general in the Army of Flanders. Having demonstrated his military prowess at the siege of Ostend in 1603, Spinola rapidly started to propose and implement policies almost independently of the central councils in Madrid,[34] somehow managing to achieve military victories even without central funding from Spain.[35] De Lerma was uncertain of how to deal with Spinola; on the one hand, de Lerma desperately needed a successful military commander in the Netherlands – on the other, de Lerma was contemptuous of Spinola's relatively low origins and scared of his potential to destabilise de Lerma at court.[36] In the years leading to the outbreak of war in 1618, Spinola was working to produce a plan to finally defeat the Dutch, involving an intervention in the Rhineland followed by fresh hostilities aiming to cut the Low Countries in two: portrayed at the time as the 'spider in the web' of Catholic politics in the region, Spinola was operating without significant consultation with Philip in Madrid.[37]
In Italy, a parallel situation emerged. The Count of Fuentes, as governor of Lombardy, exploited the lack of guidance from Madrid to pursue his own highly interventionist policy across north Italy, including making independent offers to support the Papacy by invading the Venetian Republic in 1607.[38] Fuentes remained in power and pursuing his own policies until his death. The Marquis of Villafranca, as governor of Milan, similarly exercised his own considerable judgement on foreign policy. The Duke of Osuna, who had married into the Sandovel family as a close ally of Lerma, again showed significant independence as the Viceroy of Naples towards the end of Philip's reign. In conjunction with the Spanish ambassador to Venice, the influential Marquis of Bedmar, Osuna pursued a policy of raising an extensive army, intercepting Venetian shipping and imposing sufficiently high taxes that threats of a revolt began to emerge. To exacerbate matters, Osuna was found to have prevented the local Neapolitans from petitioning Philip III to complain.[39] Osuna fell from power only when de Lerma had lost his royal favour, and Osuna's negative impact on Philip's plans for intervention in Germany had become intolerable.[39]
Fall of Lerma[edit]




Rodrigo Calderón, executed by Philip III to satisfy the Duke of Lerma's enemies, painted by Peter Paul Rubens.


From 1612 onwards, and certainly by 1617, the Lerma administration was crumbling. The monopoly of power in the hands of the Lerma's Sandoval family had generated numerous enemies; Lerma's personal enrichment in office had become a scandal; Lerma's extravagant spending and personal debts was beginning to alarm his own son, Cristóbal de Sandoval, Duke of Uceda; lastly, ten years of quiet diplomacy by Fathers Luis de Aliaga, Philip's confessor, and Juan de Santa Maria, Philip's daughter's confessor and a former client of Queen Margaret,[13] had begun to apply personal and religious pressure on the king to alter his method of government.[40] Philip remained close to Lerma, however, and supported him in becoming a cardinal in March 1618 under Pope Paul V, a position which would offer Lerma some protection as his government collapsed.
Lerma fell to an alliance of interests – Uceda, his son, led the attack, aiming to protect his future interests, allied with Don Baltasar de Zúñiga, a well-connected noble with a background in diplomacy across Europe, whose nephew, Olivares was close to the heir to the throne, Prince Philip. Lerma departed for his ducal seat, and for six weeks Philip did nothing; then, in October, Philip signed a decree renouncing the powers of his former valido, and announcing that he would rule in person.[40] Uceda initially took over as the primary voice at court, but without his father's extensive powers, whilst De Zúñiga became Philip's minister for foreign and military affairs. Philip, whilst unwilling to move further against Lerma, took politically symbolic action against Lerma's former secretary Rodrigo Calderón, a figure emblematic of the former administration. Calderón, suspected of having killed Philip's wife Queen Margaret by witchcraft in 1611, was ultimately tortured and then executed by Philip for the more plausible murder of the soldier Francisco de Juaras.[41]
Domestic policy[edit]




Philip III of Spain


Philip inherited an empire considerably enlarged by his father. On the peninsula itself, Philip II had successfully acquired Portugal in 1580; across Europe, despite the ongoing Dutch revolt, Spanish possessions in Italy and along the Spanish Road appeared secure; globally, the combination of Castilian and Portuguese colonial territories gave a Spanish ruler unparalleled reach from the Americas to the Philippines and beyond through India to Africa.[42] The challenge for such a ruler was that these territories were in legal reality separate bodies, different entities bound together through the 'supraterritorial' royal institutions of the Spanish crown, utilising Castilian nobility as a ruling caste.[43] Even within the peninsula itself, Philip would rule through the kingdoms of Castile, Aragon, Valencia and Portugal, the autonomous provinces of Catalonia and Andalusia – all only loosely joined together through the institution of the Castile monarchy and the person of Philip III.[44] Each part had different taxation, privileges and military arrangements; in practice, the level of taxation in many of the more peripheral provinces was less than in Castile, but the privileged position of the Castilian nobility at all senior levels of royal appointment was a contentious issue for the less favoured provinces.
Expulsion of the Moriscos[edit]
Main article: Expulsion of the Moriscos
One of Philip's first domestic changes was the issuing of a decree in 1609 for the expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain, timed to coincide with the declaration of a truce in the war for the Netherlands.[45] The Moriscos were the descendants of those Muslims that had converted to Christianity during the Reconquista of the previous centuries; despite their conversion, they retained a distinctive culture, including many Islamic practices.[46] Philip II had made the elimination of the Morisco threat a key part of his domestic strategy in the south, attempting an assimilation campaign in the 1560s, which had resulted in the revolt that concluded in 1570.[47] In the final years of his rule, Philip's father had reinvigorated efforts to convert and assimilate the Moriscos, but with almost 200,000 in the south of Spain alone, it was clear by the early years of the new century that this policy was failing.[46]




Expulsion of the Moriscos at the port of Dénia, by Vincente Mostre.


The idea of completely cleansing Spain of the Moriscos was proposed by Juan de Ribera, the Archbishop and Viceroy of Valencia, whose views were influential with Philip III. Philip's eventual decree to eliminate this 'evil sect'[48] in 1609 was a popular move – the Moriscos were accused of collaborating with the Barbary Pirates to attack the coast, whilst their religion and distinct culture made them unpopular with Christians in Spain, especially in Valencia. Financially, the royal treasury stood to gain by seizing the assets of the removed peoples, whilst in due course those close to the crown would benefit from cheap land or gifts of estates. Other writers have emphasised the continuing 'anxiety and fear' that surrounded the Morisco presence in Spain, and the role this played in encouraging the expulsion.[49] Estimates vary slightly, but between around 275,000[46] to over 300,000[48] Moriscos were forced out of Spain between 1609 and 1614. To accomplish this, the armada, or navy, and 30,000 soldiers were mobilized with the mission of transporting the families to Tunis or Morocco. Philip intervened in the problematic decision of what to do with Morisco children – should they be allowed to take them to Islamic countries, where they would be brought up as Muslims – and if they were to remain in Spain, what should be done with them? Philip paternalistically decreed that Morisco children under the age of seven could not be taken to Islamic countries, but that any children remaining in Valencia should be free from the threat of enslavement,[50] and rejected some of Ribera's more extreme suggestions.[51]
Whilst popular at the time, and in keeping with earlier policies, this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia, Aragon, and Murcia. The supply of cheap labour and the number of rent paying property owners in these areas decreased considerably, as did agricultural outputs.[52] The cultivation of sugarcane and rice had to be substituted for white mulberry, vineyards, and wheat.
Economic decline and failed reform[edit]




Mateo Alemán, an early modern novelist who recorded the terrible 'plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to cripple Philip III's domestic economy.


Philip III's reign was marked by significant economic problems across Spain. Famine struck during the 1590s through a sequence of bad harvests, whilst from 1599 to 1600 and for several years afterwards there was a terrible outbreak of bubonic plague across Spain, killing over 10% of the population.[53] Mateo Alemán, one of the first modern novelists in Europe, captured the despondent mood of the period, describing 'the plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to grip the country.[54] Whilst the failing harvests affected the rural areas most, the plagues reduced the urban population most significantly, in turn reducing the demand for manufactured goods and undermining the economy further.[55] The result was an economically weakened Spain with a rapidly falling population.
Financially, Philip's situation did not appear much better. He had inherited huge debts from his father, Philip II, and an unhelpful tradition that the kingdom of Castile bore the brunt of royal taxation – Castile carried 65% of total imperial costs by 1616.[56] Philip III received no money from the cortes, or parliaments, of Aragon, the Basque provinces or Portugal; Valencia only provided one contribution, in 1604.[56] Philip did not openly challenge this situation, but instead depended more and more heavily on the Castilian cortes; in turn, the cortes increasingly began to tie new grants of money to specific projects, subtly but steadily altering the relationship between the king and cortes.[57] By the financial crisis of 1607, the cortes had even insisted that it be recalled every three years, and that Philip take an oath – on pain of excommunication – to promise that he had spent the royal funds in line with the promises made previously to the cortes.[57]




Philip III of Spain


Philip and Lerma's attempts to resolve this crisis largely failed, and were not helped by the increasing size of the royal household – an attempt to increase royal prestige and political authority[26] – Philip's own household costs rose enormously at a time of falling income.[58] Philip's attempts to issue new currency – in particular the issues of the copper vélon coinage in 1603–04, 1617 and 1621 – simply created considerable instability.[56] The costs of the Dutch campaign resulted in Philip's bankruptcy in 1607, and the crown's attempt to resolve this by converting the asiento tax system – high interest loans owed to tax farmers – into longer term juros bonds paying a much lower interest, produced a short-term benefit, but at the price of losing financial flexibility during future crises.[56] By 1618, almost all Philip's incoming crown income was already assigned to its various creditors and he had almost no spending discretion left.[56] Financially, the Spanish state had become dominated by Genoese bankers and lenders under Philip II, whose lines of credit had allowed the Spanish state to continue during its moments of financial crisis; under Philip III this process remained unchecked, building up considerable resentment against this foreign influence,[59] some going so far as to term the bankers 'white moors'.[60]
Throughout Philip's reign, a body of analysis of Spain's condition began to emerge through the work of the numerous arbitristas, or commentators, that dominated public discussions from around 1600 through to the 1630s.[61] These different voices focused heavily on the political economy of Spain – the rural depopulation, the diverse and bureaucratic administrative methods, the social hierarchies and corruption, offering numerous, if often contradictory, solutions.[62] Nonetheless, through most of Philip's reign there was no significant attempt at reform – Philip continued to rule in line with local laws and customs. Philip encouraged consolidation of noble estates, selling off large quantities of crown lands to favoured nobles and creditors.[63] There were no attempts to create an equivalent to the French intendant position – the closest equivalent, the corregidor, lacked the strong links to the crown required to overcome local opposition.[63] Only in Philip's final years did reform begin to gain momentum; a reform committee, or Junta de Reformación, was established in Lerma's final months in 1618.[64] Under the incoming administration, including the reformist Baltasar de Zúñiga, this committee ground on, but would only deliver substantial, if ill-fated results, when rejuvenated under Philip IV's reign.
Foreign policy[edit]




The Somerset House Conference between English and Spanish diplomats that brought an end to the Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604).


On his accession, Philip inherited two major conflicts from his father/granduncle. The first of these, the ongoing and long-running Dutch revolt, represented a serious challenge to Spanish power from the Protestant United Provinces in a crucial part of the Spanish Empire. The second, the Anglo–Spanish War was a newer, and less critical conflict with Protestant England, marked by a Spanish failure to successfully bring its huge military resources to bear on the smaller English military.
Philip's own foreign policy can be divided into three phases. For the first nine years of his reign, he pursued a highly aggressive set of policies, aiming to deliver a 'great victory'.[65] His instructions to Lerma to wage a war of 'blood and iron' on his rebellious subjects in the Netherlands reflects this.[30] After 1609, when it became evident that Spain was financially exhausted and Philip sought a truce with the Dutch, there followed a period of retrenchment; in the background, tensions continued to grow, however, and by 1618 the policies of Philip's 'proconsols' – men like Spinola, Fuentes, Villafranca, Osuna and Bedmar – were increasingly at odds with de Lerma's policy from Madrid.[31] The final period, in which Philip intervened in the Holy Roman Empire to secure the election of Ferdinand II as Emperor and in which preparations were made for renewed conflict with the Dutch, largely occurred after the fall of de Lerma and the rise of a new, more aggressive set of advisors in the Madrid court.
War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21[edit]
Philip's initial aim was to achieve a decisive 'great victory'[65] in the long running war against the rebellious Dutch provinces of the Spanish Netherlands, whilst placing renewed pressure on the English government of Queen Elizabeth I in an effort to terminate English support for their Dutch colleagues. The Spanish armada, or navy, rebuilt in the 1590s, remained effective against the English,[66] but after the failure of the Spanish invasion of Ireland, leading to the defeat at the Battle of Kinsale, Philip 'reluctantly' accepted that further attacks on England were unlikely to succeed.[65] In the Netherlands, a new war strategy resulted in a re-establishment of Spanish power on the north side of the great rivers Meuse and Rhine, stepping up the military pressure on the rebel provinces. The strategy of a 'great victory,' however, began to descend into a financial war of attrition: the Southern Netherlands – still under Spanish control – and the Dutch Republic in the north – dominated by Calvinist Protestants – were both exhausted, and after the 1607 financial crisis, Spain too was unable to pursue the war. Philip III turned to peace negotiations instead; with the accession to the throne of James I of England it became possible to terminate both the war and English support to the Dutch, with the signature in 1604 of the Treaty of London.[67]




Statue of Philip III in Madrid, by Giambologna, finished by Pietro Tacca (1616).


The Twelve Years' Truce with the Dutch followed in 1609, which enabled the Southern Netherlands to recover, but it was a de facto recognition of the independence of the Dutch Republic, and many European powers established diplomatic relations with the Dutch. The truce did not stop the commercial and colonial expansion of the Dutch into the Caribbean and the East-Indies, although Spain had tried to impose the liquidation of the Dutch East India Company as a treaty condition. Minor concessions of the Dutch Republic were the scrapping of the plan to create a Dutch West India Company and to stop the harassment of the Portuguese in Asia. Both concessions were temporary as the Dutch soon recommenced preying upon Portuguese interests, which had already led to the Dutch-Portuguese War in 1602 and would continue till 1654. At least with peace in Europe, the Twelve Year's truce gave Philip's regime an opportunity to begin to recover its financial position.
With the death of Henry IV of France – a supporter of the war against Spain – a period of instability commenced in the Kingdom of France. In a sequence of aggressive policy moves, and largely without firm direction from Philip, his regional proconsuls of the Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples and the Marquess of Villafranca, the Governor of Milan, directed the Spanish policy in Italy that encountered resistance from the Duchy of Savoy and the Republic of Venice. To secure the connection between Milan and the Netherlands a new route was opened through Valtellina, then part of the independent state of the Three Leagues (the present day canton of Graubünden, Switzerland), and in 1618 the plot of Venice occurred in which the authorities engaged in the persecution of pro-Spanish agents.
Entry to the Thirty Years' War[edit]
In the final years of Philip's reign, Spain entered the initial part of the conflict that would become known as the Thirty Years' War (1618–48). The result was a decisive Spanish victory in the Holy Roman Empire that would lead to a recommencement of the war with the Dutch shortly after Philip's death. Europe was anticipating a fresh election for the position of Emperor upon the likely death of Matthias, who was heirless. Spain and Austria's common Habsburg ancestry influenced Spain's involvement in the convoluted politics of the Empire: on the one hand, Philip had a vested interest in the success of his cousin Ferdinand of Bohemia, who intended to follow Matthias to the throne; on the other, Philip had hopes of appointing one of his own family, such as Prince Philip, to the Imperial throne[68] and worried that a failed bid by Ferdinand might reduce collective Habsburg prestige.[69]




The Battle of White Mountain, 1620, a triumph for the later foreign policy of Philip III


Philip finally chose to intervene behind Ferdinand. Prince Philip had been rejected as unacceptable to the German nobility.[68] Philip had also been increasingly influenced over the years by first Queen Margaret, and later the other, powerful Habsburg women at court, whilst the incoming set of advisors that replaced de Lerma, especially de Zúñiga, also saw Spain's future as part of a strong alliance with a Habsburg Holy Roman Empire.[70] Finally, by the Oñate treaty of 29 July 1617, Ferdinand made a successful appeal to Philip's self-interest by promising Spain the Habsburg lands in Alsace in return for Spanish support for his election.[71]
Crisis broke out in Ferdinand's kingdom of Bohemia during 1618–19, with a confrontation between Catholic and Protestant factions. Ferdinand asked Spain for help to put down the rebellion; the Protestant rebels turned to Frederick V of the Palatinate as a new ruler and Emperor. The situation in the Empire was in many ways auspicious for Spanish strategy; in the Spanish Netherlands Ambrosio Spinola had been conspiring to find an opportunity to intervene with the Army of Flanders into the Electorate of the Palatinate. The Palatinate was a vital, Protestant set of territories along the Rhine guarding the most obvious route for reinforcements from other Spanish territories to arrive into the rebellious Dutch provinces (through Genoa).[37] France, assumed bound to support Frederick against Ferdinand, was in fact inclined to remain neutral.[72] The Spanish troops headed by Spinola in the Palatinate and by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly in Bohemia achieved a decisive victory against the Czechs in the Battle of White Mountain in 1620. With the Dutch now vulnerable to a strike through the Rhine valley, a renewed war against the Provinces, with the aim of forcing the Dutch to a more suitable permanent peace, appeared inevitable. Philip died in 1621 shortly before the recommencement of war – his son, Philip IV, retained his chief foreign policy advisor, de Zúñiga, and an initially highly successful campaign against the Dutch began the same year.
Legacy[edit]
Philip III died in Madrid on 31 March 1621, succeeded by his son, Philip IV, who rapidly completed the process of removing the last elements of the Sandoval family regime from court. The story told in the memoirs of the French ambassador Bassompierre, that he was killed by the heat of a brasero (a pan of hot charcoal), because the proper official to take it away was not at hand, is a humorous exaggeration of the formal etiquette of the court.
Philip has generally left a poor legacy with historians. Three major historians of the period have described an 'undistinguished and insignificant man',[32] a 'miserable monarch',[73] whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice'.[74] More generally, Philip has largely retained the reputation of 'a weak, dim-witted monarch who preferred hunting and travelling to governing'.[75] Unlike Philip IV, whose reputation has improved significantly in the light of recent analysis, Philip III's reign has been relatively unstudied, possibly because of the negative interpretation given to the role of Philip and Lerma during the period.[75] Traditionally, the decline of Spain has been placed from the 1590s onwards; revisionist historians from the 1960s, however, presented an alternative analysis, arguing that in many ways Philip III's Spain of 1621 – reinforced with new territories in Alsace, at peace with France, dominant in the Holy Roman Empire, and about to begin a successful campaign against the Dutch – was in a much stronger position than in 1598, despite the poor personal performance of her king during the period.[76] Philip's use of Lerma as his valido has formed one of the key historical and contemporary criticisms against him; recent work[77] has perhaps begun to present a more nuanced picture of the relationship and the institution that survived for the next forty years in Spanish royal government.
Titles and style[edit]




Coat of arms of Philip III


In the 1604 Treaty of London, Philip was styled "Philip the Third, by the grace of God, king of Castile, Leon, Aragon and the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Portugal, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, the Majorcas, Seville, Cordoba, Corsica, Murcia, Guinea, Algarve, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, also of the Eastern and Western Indies, and the islands and terra firma of the Ocean Sea, archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy and Milan, count of Habsburg, Barcelona, and Biscay, and lord of Molina, etc." in full and "Philip III, King of the Spains" for short.[78]
Ancestry[edit]
Like many Habsburgs, Philip III was the product of extensive inbreeding. His father, Philip II, a product of marriage between first cousins, married his niece, Anna of Austria, herself the product of a cousin couple. Philip III in turn married his first cousin once removed, Margaret of Austria. This pattern would continue in the next generation, ultimately culminating in the end of the Spanish Habsburg line in the person of Philip's feeble grandson, Charles II.


Ancestors of Philip III of Spain






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

16. Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

8. Philip I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

17. Mary, Duchess of Burgundy



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

4. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and I of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

18. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 22)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

9. Joanna I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

19. Isabella I of Castile (= 23)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

2. Philip II of Spain and I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Manuel I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Infanta Beatrice of Portugal



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Isabella of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 18)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Maria of Aragon

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Isabella I of Castile (= 19)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

24. Philip I of Castile (= 8)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

12. Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

25. Joanna I of Castile (= 9)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

6. Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

26. Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

13. Anna of Bohemia and Hungary

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

27. Anna of Foix-Candale



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

3. Anna of Austria

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

28. Philip I of Castile (= 8, 24)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

14. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (= 4)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

29. Joanna I of Castile (= 9, 25)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

7. Maria of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

30. Manuel I of Portugal (= 10)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

15. Isabella of Portugal (= 5)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

31. Maria of Aragon (= 11)



 




 


 


 


 


 









Family[edit]
Philip married Margaret of Austria. They had the following children:

Anne (22 September 1601 – 20 January 1666), queen of France
Maria (1 February 1603 – 2 February 1603)
Philip (8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665), king of Spain
Maria Anna (18 August 1606 – 13 May 1646), empress of the Holy Roman Empire
Charles (14 September 1607 – 30 July 1632)
Ferdinand (16 May 1609 – 9 November 1641), a cardinal
Margaret Frances (24 May 1610 – 11 March 1617)
Alphonse Maurice (22 September 1611 – 16 September 1612)

Further information[edit]

Palacio de la Ribera

References[edit]


^ Stradling, p. 9.
^ Wedgwood, p. 55; Stradling, p. 18; Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b c Feros, p.16.
^ a b c Feros, p.17.
^ a b c Feros, p.19.
^ a b c Williams, p.38.
^ Sánchez, p.101.
^ a b Williams, p.39.
^ a b Sánchez, p.91.
^ a b Sánchez, p.98.
^ Sánchez, p.99.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.100.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.97.
^ Williams, p.35.
^ a b Williams, p.34.
^ Munck, p.49.
^ Mattingly, p.74.
^ Tuck, p.121.
^ Tuck, p.122.
^ Williams, pp.47–8.
^ Williams, p.42.
^ Feros, p.112.
^ a b Williams, p.104.
^ a b Feros, p.113.
^ Williams, p.105.
^ a b Feros, p.110.
^ Williams, p.9.
^ Feros, pp.117–8.
^ Feros, p.133.
^ a b Williams, p.10.
^ a b Polisensky, p.127.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.55.
^ In reality, the Archdukes outlived Philip, resulting in the reunification occurring under his son, Philip IV.
^ Williams, p.127.
^ Williams, p.128.
^ Williams, pp.126–7.
^ a b Wedgwood, pp.113–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.153-4.
^ a b Williams, p.245.
^ a b Williams, p.241.
^ Williams, p.242.
^ Parker, 1984, p.146.
^ Zagorin, pp.3–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.61.
^ Cruz, p.177.
^ a b c Parker, 1984, p.150.
^ Zagorin, p.15.
^ a b Perry, p.133.
^ Harvey, p.308.
^ Perry, p.148.
^ Perry, p.157.
^ De Maddalena, p.286.
^ Parker, 1985, p.235.
^ Parker, 1984, p.147.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.146–7.
^ a b c d e Munck, p.51.
^ a b Thompson, p.189.
^ Kamen, 1991, p. 200.
^ Cruz, p.102.
^ Cruz, p.103.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.147–8.
^ Parker, 1984, p.148.
^ a b Munck, p.50.
^ Kamen, p.214.
^ a b c Williams, p.125.
^ See Goodman (2002), for a thorough account of this revival.
^ Parker, 2004, p.212.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.75.
^ Wedgwood, p.89.
^ Ringrose, p.320.
^ Wedgwood, p.57.
^ Wedgwood, p.110-1.
^ Stradling, p.18.
^ Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b Sánchez, p.92.
^ Parker, 1984, p.145.
^ In particular, Feros (2006) and Williams' (2006) recent extensive studies of the period, and Sánchez's (1996) analysis of the role of powerful women, often underreported in historical documents, at Philip's court.
^ Davenport, page number missing.


Bibliography[edit]

Cipolla, Carlo M. (ed) The Fontana Economic History of Europe: The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries. London: Fontana. (1974)
Cruz, Anne J. Discourses of Poverty: Social Reform and the Picaresque Novel. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. (1999)
Davenport, Frances G. European Treaties Bearing on the History of the United States and Its Dependencies. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. (2004)
Elliott, J. H. Imperial Spain: 1469–1716. London: Penguin. (1963)
Feros, Antionio. Kingship and Favouritism in the Spain of Philip III, 1598–1621. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2006)
Goodman, David. Spanish Naval Power, 1589–1665: Reconstruction and Defeat. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2002)
Kamen, Henry. Spain, 1469–1714: A Society of Conflict. Harlow: Pearson Education. (2005)
Harvey, Leonard Patrick. Muslims in Spain, 1500–1614. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (2005)
Hoffman, Philip T. and Kathyrn Norberg (eds). Fiscal Crises, Liberty, and Representative Government 1450–1789. Stanford: Stanford University Press. (2001)
De Maddalena, Aldo. Rural Europe, 1500–1750. in Cipolla (ed) 1974.
Mattingly, Garrett. The Armada. New York: Mariner Books. (2005)
Munck, Thomas. Seventeenth Century Europe, 1598–1700. London: Macmillan. (1990)
Parker, Geoffrey. Europe in Crisis, 1598–1648. London: Fontana. (1984)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Dutch Revolt. London: Pelican Books. (1985)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Army of Flanders and the Spanish Road, 1567–1659. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2004)
Perry, Mary Elizabeth. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the politics of religion in early modern Spain. Princeton: Princeton University Press. (2005)
Polisensky, J. V. The Thirty Years War. London: NEL. (1971)
Ringrose, David. Spain, Europe and the "Spanish Miracle", 1700–1900. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1998)
Sánchez, Magdalena S. Pious and Political Images of a Habsburg Woman at the Court of Philip III (1598–1621). in Sánchez and Saint-Saëns (eds) 1996.
Sánchez, Magdalena S. and Alain Saint-Saëns (eds). Spanish women in the golden age: images and realities. Greenwood Publishing Group. (1996)
Stradling, R. A. Philip IV and the Government of Spain, 1621–1665. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1988)
Thompson, I. A. A. Castile, Constitionalism and Liberty. in Hoffman and Norburg (eds) 2001.
Wedgwood, C. V. The Thirty Years War. London: Methuen. (1981)
Williams, Patrick. The Great Favourite: the Duke of Lerma and the court and government of Philip III of Spain, 1598–1621. Manchester: Manchester University Press. (2006)
Zagorin, Perez. Rebels and Rulers, 1500–1660. Volume II: Provincial rebellion: Revolutionary civil wars, 1560–1660. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1992)

Further reading[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Philip III of Spain.



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Philip III., king of Spain". Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
See also Paul C. Allen, Philip III and the Pax Hispanica: The Failure of Grand Strategy (Yale UP: 2000) for an extensive discussion of the foreign policy of Philip III. Allen's is a revisionist work that also argues for a greater role played in international affairs by the Council of State and its leaders in this period rather than by Lerma.




Philip III of Spain
House of Habsburg
Born: 14 April 1578 Died: 31 March 1621


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Philip II of Spain
King of Spain and Portugal;
King of Sardinia, Naples and Sicily;
Duke of Milan
1598–1621
Succeeded by
Philip IV of Spain


Spanish royalty


Preceded by
Diego
Prince of Asturias
1582–98
Succeeded by
Philip


Prince of Portugal
1582–98
Succeeded by
Anne








v
t
e


Monarchs of Spain









Charles I
Philip II
Philip III
Philip IV
Charles II
Philip V
Louis I
Philip V
Ferdinand VI
Charles III
Charles IV
Ferdinand VII
Joseph I
Ferdinand VII
Isabel II
Amadeo I
Alfonso XII
Alfonso XIII
Juan Carlos I
Felipe VI















v
t
e


Spanish Empire








Timeline






Catholic Monarchs
Habsburgs
Golden Age
Encomiendas
New Laws in favour of the indigenous
Expulsion of the Moriscos
Eighty Years' War
Portuguese Restoration War
Bourbons
Napoleonic invasion
Independence of Spanish continental Americas
Liberal constitution
Carlist Wars
Spanish–American War
German–Spanish Treaty (1899)
Spanish Civil War
Independence of Morocco (Western Sahara conflict)













Territories






Kingdoms of Naples, Sicily and Sardinia
Milan
Union with Holy Roman Empire
Netherlands
Franche-Comté
Portugal
Philippines
East Pacific (Guam, Mariana, Caroline, Palau, Marshall, Micronesia, Moluccas)
Northern Taiwan
Tidore
Florida
New Spain (Western United States, Mexico, Central America, Spanish Caribbean)
Spanish Louisiana
Coastal Alaska
Haiti
Belize
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago
Venezuela, Northern and Western Guyana
New Granada (Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, a northernmost portion of Brazilian Amazon)
Peru (Peru, Acre)
Río de la Plata (Argentina, Paraguay, Charcas (Bolivia), Banda Oriental (Uruguay), Falkland Islands)
Chile
Equatorial Guinea
Spanish North Africa (Ifni, Cape Juby, Spanish Morocco and Western Sahara)













Administration






Council of the Indies
Cabildo
Trial of residence
Laws of the Indies
Royal Decree of Graces
Exequatur
Papal bull
School of Salamanca













Administrative subdivisions







Viceroyalties



New Spain
New Granada
Perú
Río de la Plata





Audiencias



Bogotá
Buenos Aires
Caracas
Charcas
Concepción
Cusco
Guadalajara
Guatemala
Lima
Manila
Mexico
Panamá
Quito
Santiago
Santo Domingo





Captaincies General



Chile
Cuba
Guatemala
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Santo Domingo
Venezuela
Yucatán
Provincias Internas





Governorates



Castilla de Oro
Cuba
New Andalusia (1501–1513)
New Andalusia
New Castile
New Toledo
Paraguay
Río de la Plata
















Economy







Currencies



Dollar
Real
Maravedí
Escudo
Columnario





Trade



Manila galleon
Spanish treasure fleet
Casa de Contratación
Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
















Military







Armies



Tercio
Army of Flanders
Spanish Armada
Indian auxiliaries
Legión





Warriors



Duke of Alba
Antonio de Leyva
Martín de Goiti
Alfonso d'Avalos
García de Toledo Osorio
Duke of Savoy
Álvaro de Bazán the Elder
John of Austria
Charles Bonaventure de Longueval
Pedro de Zubiaur
Ambrosio Spinola
Bernardo de Gálvez





Sailors



Christopher Columbus
Pinzón brothers
Ferdinand Magellan
Juan Sebastián Elcano
Juan de la Cosa
Juan Ponce de León
Miguel López de Legazpi
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Sebastián de Ocampo
Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
Alonso de Ojeda
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Alonso de Salazar
Andrés de Urdaneta
Antonio de Ulloa
Ruy López de Villalobos
Diego Columbus
Alonso de Ercilla
Nicolás de Ovando
Juan de Ayala
Sebastián Vizcaíno
Juan Fernández
Felipe González de Ahedo





Conquistadors



Hernán Cortés
Francisco Pizarro
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
Hernán Pérez de Quesada
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Pedro de Valdivia
Pedro de Alvarado
Martín de Ursúa
Diego de Almagro
Pánfilo de Narváez
Diego de Mazariegos
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera





Battles




Old World




Won



Bicocca
Landriano
Pavia
Tunis
Mühlberg
St. Quentin
Gravelines
Malta
Lepanto
Antwerp
Azores
Siege of Mons
Gembloux
Siege of Ostend
English Armada
Cape Celidonia
White Mountain
Siege of Breda
Nördlingen
Valenciennes
Siege of Ceuta
Bitonto
Bailén
Vitoria
Tetouan
Alhucemas





Lost



Capo d'Orso
Preveza
Siege of Castelnuovo
Algiers
Ceresole
Djerba
Tunis
Spanish Armada
Leiden
Rocroi
Downs
Passaro
Trafalgar
Somosierra
Annual








New World




Won



Siege of Tenochtitlan
Cajamarca
Cuzco
Bogotá savanna
Reynogüelén
Penco
Guadalupe Island
San Juan
Cartagena de Indias
Cuerno Verde
Pensacola





Lost



La Noche Triste
Tucapel
Chacabuco
Carabobo
Ayacucho
Guam
Santiago de Cuba
Manila Bay
Asomante






















Spanish colonizations






Canary Islands
Aztec
Maya

Chiapas
Yucatán
Guatemala
Petén


El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Chibchan Nations
Colombia
Peru
Chile













Other civil topics






Spanish missions in the Americas
Architecture
Mesoamerican codices
Cusco painting tradition
Indochristian painting in New Spain
Quito painting tradition
Colonial universities in Latin America
Colonial universities in the Philippines
General Archive of the Indies
Colonial Spanish Horse
Castas
Old inquisition
Slavery in Spanish Empire
British and American slaves granted their freedom by Spain















v
t
e


Monarchs of Portugal



House of Burgundy (1139–1383)



Afonso I
Sancho I
Afonso II
Sancho II
Afonso III
Dinis I
Afonso IV
Pedro I
Fernando I
Beatriz I








House of Aviz (1385–1580)



João I
Duarte I
Afonso V
João II
Manuel I
João III
Sebastião I
Henrique I
António I





House of Habsburg (1581–1640)



Filipe I
Filipe II
Filipe III





House of Braganza (1640–1910)



João IV
Afonso VI
Pedro II
João V
José I
Maria I with Pedro III
João VI
Pedro IV
Maria II
Miguel I
Maria II with Fernando II
Pedro V
Luís I
Carlos I
Manuel II






Debatable or disputed rulers are in italics.










v
t
e


Infantes of Spain




The generations indicate descent from Carlos I, under whom the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united, forming the Kingdom of Spain. Previously, the title Infante had been largely used in the different realms.



1st generation



Felipe II
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan
Infante João





2nd generation



Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Fernando, Prince of Asturias
Infante Carlos Lorenzo
Diego, Prince of Asturias
Felipe III





3rd generation



Felipe IV
Infante Carlos
Infante Fernando
Infante Alfonso Mauricio





4th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Felipe Próspero, Prince of Asturias
Infante Fernando Tomás
Carlos II





5th generation



None





6th generation



None





7th generation



Luis I
Infante Felipe
Infante Felipe Pedro
Fernando VI
Carlos III
Felipe, Duke of Parma
Infante Luis, Count of Chinchón





8th generation



Infante Felipe, Duke of Calabria
Carlos IV
Fernando I of the Two Sicilies
Infante Gabriel
Infante Antonio Pascual
Infante Francisco Javier
Fernando, Duke of Parma 1





9th generation



Infante Carlos Clemente
Infante Carlos Domingo
Infante Carlos Francisco de Paula
Infante Felipe Francisco de Paula
Fernando VII
Infante Carlos, Count of Molina
Infante Felipe María
Infante Francisco de Paula
Infante Pedro Carlos, Infante of Portugal 1
Infante Carlos1
Luis I of Etruria 2





10th generation



Infante Antonio, Duke of Montpensier 2
Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin 1
Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1
Infante Fernando1
Infante Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz1
Francisco de Asís, King consort of Spain 1
Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville 1
Infante Eduardo Felipe 1
Infante Fernando María1
Infante Sebastián, Infante of Portugal 1
Carlos II, Duke of Parma 1





11th generation



Infante Fernando
Infante Francisco de Asís
Alfonso XII
Infante Francisco de Asís
Infante Gaetan, Count of Girgenti 2
Infante Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Fernando of Orléans 1
Infante Felipe of Orleans1
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis of Orleans1
Carlos III, Duke of Parma 1





12th generation



Infante Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies 2
Infante Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis Fernando of Orléans 1
Roberto I, Duke of Parma 1





13th generation



Alfonso, Prince of Asturias
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona
Infante Gonzalo
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria 1
Infante Fernando of Bourbon-Two Sicilies1
Infante Luis Alfonso of Bavaria 1
Infante José Eugenio of Bavaria 1
Infante Alvaro, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Afonso of Orléans 1
Infante Ataúlfo of Orléans 1





14th generation



Juan Carlos I
Infante Alfonso
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria 1





15th generation



Felipe VI





16th generation



None








1 title granted by Royal Decree
2 consort to an Infanta naturalized as a Spanish Infante












v
t
e


Infantes of Portugal




The generations indicate descent from Afonso I, and continues through the House of Aviz, the House of Habsburg through Infanta Isabel, Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, and the House of Braganza through Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza.



1st generation



Infante Henrique
Sancho I
Infante João





2nd generation



Afonso II
Infante Raimundo
Infante Pedro, Count of Urgell
Infante Fernando, Count of Flanders
Infante Henrique





3rd generation



Sancho II
Afonso III
Infante Fernando, Lord of Serpa





4th generation



Infante Fernando
Dinis I
Infante Afonso, Lord of Portalegre
Infante Vicente





5th generation



Afonso IV
Infante Afonso, Lord of Leiria





6th generation



Infante Afonso
Infante Dinis
Pedro I
Infante João





7th generation



Infante Luís
Fernando I
Infante Afonso
Infante João, Duke of Valencia de Campos
Infante Dinis, Lord of Cifuentes





8th generation



Infante Pedro
Infante Afonso (1382)
Infante Afonso (1390–1400)
Duarte I
Infante Pedro, Duke of Coimbra
Infante Henrique, Duke of Viseu
Infante João, Constable of Portugal
Infante Fernando





9th generation



Infante João
Afonso V
Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte
Infante Pedro, Constable of Portugal
Infante João, Prince of Antioch
Cardinal-Infante Jaime of Coimbra
Infante Diogo, Constable of Portugal





10th generation



João, Prince of Portugal
João II
Infante João, Duke of Viseu
Infante Diogo, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte of Viseu
Infante Dinis of Viseu
Infante Simão of Viseu
Infante Afonso of Viseu
Manuel I





11th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Infante João
Miguel da Paz, Prince of Portugal and Asturias*
João III
Infante Luís, Duke of Beja
Infante Fernando, Duke of Guarda
Cardinal-Infante Afonso
Henrique I (The Cardinal-King)
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães
Infante António
Infante Carlos





12th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Filipe, Prince of Portugal
Infante Dinis
João Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Infante António
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães





13th generation



Sebastião I
Carlos, Prince of Asturias§#
Diogo, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Filipe II§#
Manuel, Hereditary Prince of Portugalƒ





14th generation



Filipe III§#
Infante Carlos§#
Cardinal-Infante Fernando§#
Infante Alfonso Mauricio§#





15th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Infante Francisco Fernando§#
Teodósio, Prince of Brazil
Afonso VI
Pedro II





16th generation



João, Prince of Brazil
João V
Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja
Infante António
Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém





17th generation



Pedro, Prince of Brazil
José I
Infante Carlos
Pedro III
Infante Alexandre





18th generation



None





19th generation



José, Prince of Brazil
Infante João (1762)
Infante João Francisco
João VI





20th generation



Francisco António, Prince of Beira
Pedro I of Brazil & IV of Portugal
Miguel I
Infante Pedro Carlos§





21st generation



Miguel, Prince of Beira
João Carlos, Prince of Beira
Infante Miguel, Duke of Braganza
Infante Sebastião§





22nd generation



Pedro V¶
Luís I¶
Infante João, Duke of Beja¶
Infante Fernando¶
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra¶
Infante Leopoldo¶
Infante Eugénio¶
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Francisco José
Infante Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza





23rd generation



Carlos I¶
Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto¶
Infante Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra





24th generation



Luís Filipe, Prince Royal¶
Manuel II¶
Afonso, Prince of Beira
Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto






* also an infante of Castile and León, Aragon, Sicily and Naples,  § also an infante of Spain,  # also an archduke of Austria,  ‡ also an imperial prince of Brazil,  ¶ also a prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony  ƒ claimant infante










v
t
e


Princes and Princesses of Asturias






Leonor (2014–present)













Henry (1388–90)
Maria (1402–05)
John (1405–06)
Catherine (1423–24)
Eleanor (1424–25)
Henry (1425–54)
Joanna (1462–64)
Alfonso (1464–68)
Isabella (1468–70)
Isabella (1470–78)
John (1478–97)
Isabella (1497–98)
Michael (1498–1500)
Joanna (1502–04)
Charles (1504–16)
Philip (1527–56)
Charles (1556–68)
Ferdinand (1571–78)
Diego (1578–82)
Philip (1582–98)
Philip (1605–21)
Balthasar Charles (1629–1646)
Philip Prospero (1657–1661)
Charles (1661–1665)
Louis (1709–24)
Ferdinand (1724–46)
Charles (1759–88)
Ferdinand (1788–1808)
Isabella (1830–33)
Isabella (1851–57)
Alfonso (1857–68)
Emanuele Filiberto (1871–73)
Isabella (1875–80)
Mercedes (1881–1904)
Alfonso (1907–38)
Felipe (1977–2014)
Leonor (2014– )












v
t
e


Austrian archdukes



1st generation



Frederick V
Albert VI
Sigismund





2nd generation



Cristopher
Maximilian I
John
Wolfgang





3rd generation



Philip I of Castile
Archduke Francis





4th generation



Charles I
Ferdinand I





5th generation



Philip II of Spain*
Maximilian II
Ferdinand II
Ferdinand*
John*
John
Ferdinand*
Charles II





6th generation



Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Rudolf V
Ernest
Matthias
Maximilian III
Albert VII
Wenzel
Frederick
Charles
Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Carlos Lorenzo*
Diego, Prince of Asturias*
Philip III of Spain*
Ferdinand III
Charles
Maximilian Ernest
Leopold V
Archduke Charles





7th generation



Charles
Philip IV of Spain*
Philipp
John-Charles
Albert
Charles*
Ferdinand IV
Ferdinand*
Alfonso Mauricio
Leopold Wilhelm
Ferdinand Charles
Sigismund Francis





8th generation



Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand IV of Hungary
Francisco Fernando*
Philip August
Maximilian Thomas
Leopold VI
Charles Joseph
Ferdinand Joseph Alois
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand Thomas*
Charles II of Spain*





9th generation



Ferdinand Wenzel
John Leopold
Joseph I
Leopold Joseph
Charles III





10th generation



Leopold Joseph
Leopold John





11th generation



Joseph II**
Charles Louis**
Leopold VII**
Ferdinand**
Maximilian Franz, Archbishop-Elector of Cologne**





12th generation



Emperor Francis I**
Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Charles, Duke of Teschen**
Alexander Leopold, Palatine of Hungary**
Joseph, Palatine of Hungary**
Anton Victor**
John**
Rainer Joseph**
Archduke Louis**
Cardinal-Archduke Rudolf**
Joseph Franz***
Francis IV, Duke of Modena***
Ferdinand Karl Joseph***
Maximilian***
Karl, Primate of Hungary***





13th generation



Emperor Ferdinand I
Francis Leopold, Grand Prince of Tuscany**
Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Joseph Franz
Franz Karl
Johann Nepomuk
Albert, Duke of Teschen
Stephen, Palatine of Hungary
Karl Ferdinand
Francis V, Duke of Modena***
Frederick Ferdinand
Ferdinand Karl Viktor***
Archduke Rudolf
Leopold Ludwig
Ernest
Alexander
Sigismund Leopold
Rainer Ferdinand
Wilhelm Franz
Heinrich Anton
Maximilian Karl
Joseph Karl





14th generation



Emperor Franz Joseph I
Maximilian I of Mexico
Karl Ludwig
Ludwig Viktor
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Karl Salvator**
Rainier**
Ludwig Salvator**
John Salvator**
Karl
Franz Joseph
Friedrich, Duke of Teschen
Charles Stephen
Eugen
Joseph August
Archduke Ladislaus





15th generation



Crown Prince Rudolf
Franz Ferdinand***
Otto Francis
Ferdinand Karl
Leopold Ferdinand**
Josef Ferdinand**
Peter Ferdinand**
Heinrich Ferdinand**
Robert Ferdinand**
Leopold Salvator**
Franz Salvator**
Archduke Albrecht Salvator**
Archduke Rainier Salvator**
Archduke Ferdinand Salvator**
Albrecht Franz, Duke of Teschen
Karl Albrecht
Leo Karl
Wilhelm
Joseph Francis
Archduke Ladislaus Joseph
Archduke Matthias





16th generation



Emperor Charles I
Maximilian Eugen
Habsburg - Tuscany :
Archduke Gottfried**
Georg**
Rainer**
Leopold Maria**
Anton**
Franz Joseph**
Karl Pius**
Franz Karl**
Hubert Salvator**
Theodor Salvator**
Clemens Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Árpád
Archduke Itsván
Géza
Michael Koloman





17th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Crown Prince Otto
Robert***
Felix
Carl Ludwig
Rudolf
Descent of Maximilian :
Ferdinand Karl
Heinrich Maria
Tuscany :
Leopold Franz**
Guntram**
Radbot**
Johann**
Georg**
Stephan**
Dominic**
Friederich Salvator**
Andreas Salvator**
Markus**
Johann**
Michael**
Franz Salvator**
Karl Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Karl
Andreas Agustinus
Nicholas Franz
Johann Jacob
Edward Karl
Paul Rudolf





18th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Karl
Georg
Lorenz***
Gerhard***
Martin***
Karl Philipp
Raimund Joseph
Itsván
Rudolf
Carl Christian
Karl Peter
Simeon
Johannes
Descent of Maximilian :
Maximilian Heinrich
Philipp Joachim
Ferdinand Karl
Konrad
Tuscany :
Sigismund**
Georg**
Guntram**
Leopold**
Alexander Salvator**
Thaddäus Salvator**
Casimir Salvator**
Matthias**
Johannes**
Bernhard**
Benedikt**
Palatines :
Joseph Albrecht (1994–)
Paul Leo (1996–)
Friedrich Cyprian (1995–)
Pierre (1997–)
Benedikt Alexander (2005–)
Nicolás (2003–)
Santiago (2006–)
Johannes (2010–)
Paul Benedikt (2000–)





19th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Ferdinand Zvonimir
Karl Konstantin
Amedeo***
Joachim***
Bartholomaeus***
Emmanuel***
Luigi***
Felix Carl
Andreas Franz
Paul Johannes
Carl Christian
Johannes
Thomas
Franz Ludwig
Michael
Joseph
Imre
Christoph
Alexander
Lorenz Carl
Johannes
Ludwig
Philipp
Descent of Maximilian :
Nicholas
Constantin
Jacob Maximilian
Tuscany :
Leopold Amedeo**
Maximilian**
Leopold**
Constantin Salvator**
Paul Salvator**








*also an infante of Spain
** also a prince of Tuscany
*** also a prince of Modena









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 88888342
LCCN: n85049399
ISNI: 0000 0001 2142 6201
GND: 118593846
SUDOC: 061144436
BNF: cb12240811g (data)
ULAN: 500354067
NDL: 001197529
RKD: 441266










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_III_of_Spain&oldid=790471529"					
Categories: Spanish monarchsPhilippine dynasty1578 births1621 deathsSpanish Baroque peoplePortuguese monarchsRoman Catholic monarchsSpanish people of the Eighty Years' WarPeople of the Anglo-Spanish War (1585–1604)Nobility from MadridKings of SicilyPrinces of AsturiasPrinces of GironaDukes of MontblancCounts of CerveraLords of BalaguerPrinces of PortugalSpanish infantesPortuguese infantesDukes of MilanKnights of SantiagoKnights of the Golden FleeceBurials in the Pantheon of Kings at El EscorialGrand Masters of the Order of the Golden Fleece16th-century Portuguese monarchs17th-century Portuguese monarchs16th-century Spanish people17th-century Spanish peopleHidden categories: Articles containing Spanish-language textArticles containing Portuguese-language textWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSicilianuSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWest-Vlams吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 23:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Philip III of Spain - Wikipedia






















 






Philip III of Spain

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Phillip III King of Spain)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip III



Philip III by Diego Velázquez (1627)






King of Spain





King of Portugal and the Algarves
1598–1621


King of Naples
1598–1621


King of Sicily
1598–1621


King of Sardinia
1598–1621


Duke of Milan
1598–1621






(more...)


Reign
13 September 1598 – 31 March 1621


Predecessor
Philip II


Successor
Philip IV







Born
(1578-04-12)12 April 1578
Madrid, Spain


Died
31 March 1621(1621-03-31) (aged 42)
Madrid, Spain


Burial
El Escorial


Spouse
Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; her d. 1611)


Issue



Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Charles of Spain
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand





House
Habsburg


Father
Philip II of Spain


Mother
Anna of Austria


Religion
Roman Catholicism


Signature





House of Habsburg
Spanish line









Emperor Charles V
(King Charles I)




Children
Philip II of Spain
Maria, Holy Roman Empress
Joan of Spain
Don John (illegitimate)
Margaret of Parma (illegitimate)




Philip II




Children include
Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Isabella of Spain
Catherine, Duchess of Savoy
Philip III of Spain
Maria of Spain




Philip III




Children include
Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Ana, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Carlos
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand




Philip IV




Children include
Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias
Maria Theresa, Queen of France
Margaret, Holy Roman Empress
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias
Charles II of Spain




Charles II





v
t
e





Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III; 14 April 1578 – 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II). A member of the House of Habsburg, Philip III was born in Madrid to King Philip II of Spain and his fourth wife and niece Anna, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II and Maria of Spain. Philip III later married his cousin Margaret of Austria, sister of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Although also known in Spain as Philip the Pious,[1] Philip's political reputation abroad has been largely negative – an 'undistinguished and insignificant man,' a 'miserable monarch,' whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice,' to quote historians C. V. Wedgwood, R. Stradling and J. H. Elliott.[2] In particular, Philip's reliance on his corrupt chief minister, the Duke of Lerma, drew much criticism at the time and afterwards. For many, the decline of Spain can be dated to the economic difficulties that set in during the early years of his reign. Nonetheless, as the ruler of the Spanish Empire at its height and as the king who achieved a temporary peace with the Dutch (1609–1621) and brought Spain into the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) through an (initially) extremely successful campaign, Philip's reign remains a critical period in Spanish history.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Religion, Philip and the role of women at court
3 Style of government

3.1 Duke of Lerma as valido
3.2 Imperial proconsuls
3.3 Fall of Lerma


4 Domestic policy

4.1 Expulsion of the Moriscos
4.2 Economic decline and failed reform


5 Foreign policy

5.1 War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21
5.2 Entry to the Thirty Years' War


6 Legacy
7 Titles and style
8 Ancestry
9 Family
10 Further information
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 Further reading



Early life[edit]
After Philip III's older brother Don Carlos died insane, Philip II had concluded that one of the causes of Carlos' condition had been the influence of the warring factions at the Spanish court.[3] He believed that Carlos' education and upbringing had been badly affected by this, resulting in his lunacy and disobedience, and accordingly he set out to pay much greater attention to arrangements for his later sons.[3] Philip II appointed Juan de Zúñiga, then Prince Diego's governor, to continue this role for Philip, and chose García de Loaysa as his tutor.[3] They were joined by Cristóbal de Moura, a close supporter of Philip II. In combination, Philip believed, they would provide a consistent, stable upbringing for Prince Philip, and ensure he avoided the same fate as Carlos.[4] Philip's education was to follow the model for royal princes laid down by Father Juan de Mariana, focusing on the imposition of restraints and encouragement to form the personality of the individual at an early age, aiming to deliver a king who was neither tyrannical nor excessively under the influence of his courtiers.[4]
Prince Philip appears to have been generally liked by his contemporaries: 'dynamic, good-natured and earnest,' suitably pious, having a 'lively body and a peaceful disposition,' albeit with a relatively weak constitution.[5] The comparison with the memory of the disobedient and ultimately insane Carlos was usually a positive one, although some commented that Prince Philip appeared less intelligent and politically competent than his late brother.[5] Indeed, although Philip was educated in Latin, French, Portuguese and astronomy, and appears to have been a competent linguist,[4] recent historians suspect that much of his tutors' focus on Philip's undeniably pleasant, pious and respectful disposition was to avoid reporting that, languages aside, he was not in fact particularly intelligent or academically gifted.[6] Nonetheless, Philip does not appear to have been naive – his correspondence to his daughters shows a distinctive cautious streak in his advice on dealing with court intrigue.[7]
Philip first met the Marquis of Denia – the future Duke of Lerma – then, a gentleman of the King's chamber, in his early teens.[6] Lerma and Philip became close friends, but Lerma was considered unsuitable by the King and Philip's tutors. Lerma was dispatched to Valencia as a Viceroy in 1595, with the aim of removing Philip from his influence;[6] but after Lerma pleaded poor health, he was allowed to return two years later. By now in poor health himself, King Philip II was becoming increasingly concerned over the prince's future, and he attempted to establish de Moura as a future, trusted advisor to his son, reinforcing de Loaysa's position by appointing him archbishop.[8] The prince received a new, conservative Dominican confessor.[8] The following year, Philip II died after a painful illness, leaving the Spanish Empire to his son (and grandnephew), King Philip III.
Religion, Philip and the role of women at court[edit]
Philip married his cousin, Margaret of Austria, in 1599, a year after becoming king. Margaret, the sister of the future Emperor Ferdinand II, would be one of three women at Philip's court who would apply considerable influence over the king.[9] Margaret was considered by contemporaries to be extremely pious – in some cases, excessively pious, and too influenced by the Church[10] – 'astute and very skillful' in her political dealings,[11] although 'melancholic' and unhappy over the influence of the Duke of Lerma over her husband at court.[10] Margaret continued to fight an ongoing battle with Lerma for influence up until her death in 1611. Philip had an 'affectionate, close relationship' with Margaret,[12] and paid her additional attention after she bore him a son in 1605.[12]
Margaret, alongside Philip's grandmother/aunt, Empress Maria – the Austrian representative to the Spanish court – and Margaret of the Cross, Maria's daughter – formed a powerful, uncompromising Catholic and pro-Austrian voice within Philip's life.[9] They were successful, for example, in convincing Philip to provide financial support to Ferdinand from 1600 onwards.[12] Philip steadily acquired other religious advisors. Father Juan de Santa Maria – confessor to Philip's daughter, doña Maria, was felt by contemporaries to have an excessive influence over Philip at the end of his life,[13] and both he and Luis de Aliaga, Philip's own confessor, were credited with influencing the overthrow of Lerma in 1618. Similarly Mariana de San Jose, a favoured nun of Queen Margaret's, was also criticised for her later influence over the King's actions.[13]
Style of government[edit]




Philip III of Spain


The Spanish crown at the time ruled through a system of royal councils. The most significant of these were the Councils of State and its subordinate Council for War, that were in turn supported by the seven professional councils for the different regions, and four specialised councils for the Inquisition, the Military Orders, Finance and the Crusade tax.[14] These councils were then supplemented by small committees, or juntas, as necessary, such as the 'junta of the night' through which Philip II exercised personal authority towards the end of his reign.[15] As a matter of policy, Philip had tried to avoid appointing grandees to major positions of power within his government and relied heavily on the lesser nobles, the so-called 'service' nobility.[15] Philip II had taken the traditional system of councils and applied a high degree of personal scrutiny to them, especially in matters of paperwork, which he declined to delegate – the result was a 'ponderous' process.[16] To his contemporaries, the degree of personal oversight he exercised was excessive; his 'self-imposed role as the chief clerk to the Spanish empire'[17] was not thought entirely appropriate. Philip first started to become engaged in practical government at the age of 15, when he joined Philip II's private committee.[5]
Philip III's approach to government appears to have stemmed from three main drivers. Firstly, he was heavily influenced by the eirenic ideas being circulated in Italian circles in reaction to the new Humanist theories of governance, typified by Machiavelli.[18] Writers such as Girolamo Frachetta, who became a particular favourite of Philip, had propagated a conservative definition of 'reason of state' which centred on exercising a princely prudence and a strict obedience to the laws and customs of the country that one ruled.[19] Secondly, Philip may have shared Lerma's view that the governmental system of Philip II was fast proving impractical and unnecessarily excluded the great nobles of the kingdoms – it had been creaking badly in the last decades of his father's life.[20] Lastly, Philip's own personality and his friendship with Lerma heavily shaped his approach to policy-making. The result was a radical shift in the role of the crown in government from the model of Philip II.
Duke of Lerma as valido[edit]




Francisco Goméz de Sandoval y Rojas, Duke of Lerma, Spanish statesman


Within a few hours of Philip ascending to the throne, Lerma had been made a royal counsellor by the new king and set about establishing himself as a fully fledged valido, or royal favourite.[21] Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king. All the business of government, Philip instructed, was to arrive in writing and be channeled through Lerma before reaching him.[22] Whilst Philip was not hugely active in government in other ways, once these memoranda, or consulta, had reached him he appears to have been assiduous in commenting on them.[23] Debates in royal councils would now only begin upon the written instruction of the king – again, through Lerma.[24] All members of royal councils were under orders to maintain complete transparency with Lerma as the king's personal representative;[24] indeed, in 1612 the councils were ordered by Philip to obey Lerma as if he were the king.[23] The degree to which Lerma himself played an active role in government has been disputed. Contemporaries were inclined to see Lerma's hand in every action of government; others have since thought Lerma to have 'neither the temperament nor the energy' to impose himself greatly on the actions of government;[25] still others consider Lerma to have carefully attended only those Councils of State that addressed matters of great importance to the king,[26] creating a space for the wider professionalisation of government that had been lacking under Philip II.[27]
This new system of government became increasingly unpopular very quickly. The novel idea of a valido exercising power went against the long-standing popular conception that the king should exercise his powers personally, not through another.[28] Before long, the apparatus of the Spanish government was packed with Lerma's relatives, Lerma's servants and Lerma's political friends, to the exclusion of others.[29] Lerma responded by further limiting his public visibility in politics, avoiding signing and writing documents personally,[30] and constantly stressing that he was, humbly, only working on behalf of his master, Philip III.
Imperial proconsuls[edit]
De Lerma's role as royal favourite at court was further complicated by the rise of various 'proconsuls' under Philip III's reign – significant Spanish representatives overseas, who came to exercise independent judgement and even independent policies in the absence of strong leadership from the centre.[31] The challenges to government communication during the period encouraged aspects of this, but the phenomenon was much more marked under Philip III than under either the reign of his father or son.




Ambrosio Spinola, one of Philip III's various imperial proconsuls, by Peter Paul Rubens.


In the Netherlands, Philip II had bequeathed his remaining territories in the Low Countries to his daughter Isabella of Spain and her husband, Archduke Albert, under the condition that if she died without heirs, the province would return to the Spanish Crown. Given that Isabella was notoriously childless, it was clear that this was only intended to be a temporary measure, and that Philip II had envisaged an early revision to Philip III.[32] As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.[33] Meanwhile, the Italian-born Ambrosio Spinola was to perform a crucial role as a Spanish general in the Army of Flanders. Having demonstrated his military prowess at the siege of Ostend in 1603, Spinola rapidly started to propose and implement policies almost independently of the central councils in Madrid,[34] somehow managing to achieve military victories even without central funding from Spain.[35] De Lerma was uncertain of how to deal with Spinola; on the one hand, de Lerma desperately needed a successful military commander in the Netherlands – on the other, de Lerma was contemptuous of Spinola's relatively low origins and scared of his potential to destabilise de Lerma at court.[36] In the years leading to the outbreak of war in 1618, Spinola was working to produce a plan to finally defeat the Dutch, involving an intervention in the Rhineland followed by fresh hostilities aiming to cut the Low Countries in two: portrayed at the time as the 'spider in the web' of Catholic politics in the region, Spinola was operating without significant consultation with Philip in Madrid.[37]
In Italy, a parallel situation emerged. The Count of Fuentes, as governor of Lombardy, exploited the lack of guidance from Madrid to pursue his own highly interventionist policy across north Italy, including making independent offers to support the Papacy by invading the Venetian Republic in 1607.[38] Fuentes remained in power and pursuing his own policies until his death. The Marquis of Villafranca, as governor of Milan, similarly exercised his own considerable judgement on foreign policy. The Duke of Osuna, who had married into the Sandovel family as a close ally of Lerma, again showed significant independence as the Viceroy of Naples towards the end of Philip's reign. In conjunction with the Spanish ambassador to Venice, the influential Marquis of Bedmar, Osuna pursued a policy of raising an extensive army, intercepting Venetian shipping and imposing sufficiently high taxes that threats of a revolt began to emerge. To exacerbate matters, Osuna was found to have prevented the local Neapolitans from petitioning Philip III to complain.[39] Osuna fell from power only when de Lerma had lost his royal favour, and Osuna's negative impact on Philip's plans for intervention in Germany had become intolerable.[39]
Fall of Lerma[edit]




Rodrigo Calderón, executed by Philip III to satisfy the Duke of Lerma's enemies, painted by Peter Paul Rubens.


From 1612 onwards, and certainly by 1617, the Lerma administration was crumbling. The monopoly of power in the hands of the Lerma's Sandoval family had generated numerous enemies; Lerma's personal enrichment in office had become a scandal; Lerma's extravagant spending and personal debts was beginning to alarm his own son, Cristóbal de Sandoval, Duke of Uceda; lastly, ten years of quiet diplomacy by Fathers Luis de Aliaga, Philip's confessor, and Juan de Santa Maria, Philip's daughter's confessor and a former client of Queen Margaret,[13] had begun to apply personal and religious pressure on the king to alter his method of government.[40] Philip remained close to Lerma, however, and supported him in becoming a cardinal in March 1618 under Pope Paul V, a position which would offer Lerma some protection as his government collapsed.
Lerma fell to an alliance of interests – Uceda, his son, led the attack, aiming to protect his future interests, allied with Don Baltasar de Zúñiga, a well-connected noble with a background in diplomacy across Europe, whose nephew, Olivares was close to the heir to the throne, Prince Philip. Lerma departed for his ducal seat, and for six weeks Philip did nothing; then, in October, Philip signed a decree renouncing the powers of his former valido, and announcing that he would rule in person.[40] Uceda initially took over as the primary voice at court, but without his father's extensive powers, whilst De Zúñiga became Philip's minister for foreign and military affairs. Philip, whilst unwilling to move further against Lerma, took politically symbolic action against Lerma's former secretary Rodrigo Calderón, a figure emblematic of the former administration. Calderón, suspected of having killed Philip's wife Queen Margaret by witchcraft in 1611, was ultimately tortured and then executed by Philip for the more plausible murder of the soldier Francisco de Juaras.[41]
Domestic policy[edit]




Philip III of Spain


Philip inherited an empire considerably enlarged by his father. On the peninsula itself, Philip II had successfully acquired Portugal in 1580; across Europe, despite the ongoing Dutch revolt, Spanish possessions in Italy and along the Spanish Road appeared secure; globally, the combination of Castilian and Portuguese colonial territories gave a Spanish ruler unparalleled reach from the Americas to the Philippines and beyond through India to Africa.[42] The challenge for such a ruler was that these territories were in legal reality separate bodies, different entities bound together through the 'supraterritorial' royal institutions of the Spanish crown, utilising Castilian nobility as a ruling caste.[43] Even within the peninsula itself, Philip would rule through the kingdoms of Castile, Aragon, Valencia and Portugal, the autonomous provinces of Catalonia and Andalusia – all only loosely joined together through the institution of the Castile monarchy and the person of Philip III.[44] Each part had different taxation, privileges and military arrangements; in practice, the level of taxation in many of the more peripheral provinces was less than in Castile, but the privileged position of the Castilian nobility at all senior levels of royal appointment was a contentious issue for the less favoured provinces.
Expulsion of the Moriscos[edit]
Main article: Expulsion of the Moriscos
One of Philip's first domestic changes was the issuing of a decree in 1609 for the expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain, timed to coincide with the declaration of a truce in the war for the Netherlands.[45] The Moriscos were the descendants of those Muslims that had converted to Christianity during the Reconquista of the previous centuries; despite their conversion, they retained a distinctive culture, including many Islamic practices.[46] Philip II had made the elimination of the Morisco threat a key part of his domestic strategy in the south, attempting an assimilation campaign in the 1560s, which had resulted in the revolt that concluded in 1570.[47] In the final years of his rule, Philip's father had reinvigorated efforts to convert and assimilate the Moriscos, but with almost 200,000 in the south of Spain alone, it was clear by the early years of the new century that this policy was failing.[46]




Expulsion of the Moriscos at the port of Dénia, by Vincente Mostre.


The idea of completely cleansing Spain of the Moriscos was proposed by Juan de Ribera, the Archbishop and Viceroy of Valencia, whose views were influential with Philip III. Philip's eventual decree to eliminate this 'evil sect'[48] in 1609 was a popular move – the Moriscos were accused of collaborating with the Barbary Pirates to attack the coast, whilst their religion and distinct culture made them unpopular with Christians in Spain, especially in Valencia. Financially, the royal treasury stood to gain by seizing the assets of the removed peoples, whilst in due course those close to the crown would benefit from cheap land or gifts of estates. Other writers have emphasised the continuing 'anxiety and fear' that surrounded the Morisco presence in Spain, and the role this played in encouraging the expulsion.[49] Estimates vary slightly, but between around 275,000[46] to over 300,000[48] Moriscos were forced out of Spain between 1609 and 1614. To accomplish this, the armada, or navy, and 30,000 soldiers were mobilized with the mission of transporting the families to Tunis or Morocco. Philip intervened in the problematic decision of what to do with Morisco children – should they be allowed to take them to Islamic countries, where they would be brought up as Muslims – and if they were to remain in Spain, what should be done with them? Philip paternalistically decreed that Morisco children under the age of seven could not be taken to Islamic countries, but that any children remaining in Valencia should be free from the threat of enslavement,[50] and rejected some of Ribera's more extreme suggestions.[51]
Whilst popular at the time, and in keeping with earlier policies, this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia, Aragon, and Murcia. The supply of cheap labour and the number of rent paying property owners in these areas decreased considerably, as did agricultural outputs.[52] The cultivation of sugarcane and rice had to be substituted for white mulberry, vineyards, and wheat.
Economic decline and failed reform[edit]




Mateo Alemán, an early modern novelist who recorded the terrible 'plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to cripple Philip III's domestic economy.


Philip III's reign was marked by significant economic problems across Spain. Famine struck during the 1590s through a sequence of bad harvests, whilst from 1599 to 1600 and for several years afterwards there was a terrible outbreak of bubonic plague across Spain, killing over 10% of the population.[53] Mateo Alemán, one of the first modern novelists in Europe, captured the despondent mood of the period, describing 'the plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to grip the country.[54] Whilst the failing harvests affected the rural areas most, the plagues reduced the urban population most significantly, in turn reducing the demand for manufactured goods and undermining the economy further.[55] The result was an economically weakened Spain with a rapidly falling population.
Financially, Philip's situation did not appear much better. He had inherited huge debts from his father, Philip II, and an unhelpful tradition that the kingdom of Castile bore the brunt of royal taxation – Castile carried 65% of total imperial costs by 1616.[56] Philip III received no money from the cortes, or parliaments, of Aragon, the Basque provinces or Portugal; Valencia only provided one contribution, in 1604.[56] Philip did not openly challenge this situation, but instead depended more and more heavily on the Castilian cortes; in turn, the cortes increasingly began to tie new grants of money to specific projects, subtly but steadily altering the relationship between the king and cortes.[57] By the financial crisis of 1607, the cortes had even insisted that it be recalled every three years, and that Philip take an oath – on pain of excommunication – to promise that he had spent the royal funds in line with the promises made previously to the cortes.[57]




Philip III of Spain


Philip and Lerma's attempts to resolve this crisis largely failed, and were not helped by the increasing size of the royal household – an attempt to increase royal prestige and political authority[26] – Philip's own household costs rose enormously at a time of falling income.[58] Philip's attempts to issue new currency – in particular the issues of the copper vélon coinage in 1603–04, 1617 and 1621 – simply created considerable instability.[56] The costs of the Dutch campaign resulted in Philip's bankruptcy in 1607, and the crown's attempt to resolve this by converting the asiento tax system – high interest loans owed to tax farmers – into longer term juros bonds paying a much lower interest, produced a short-term benefit, but at the price of losing financial flexibility during future crises.[56] By 1618, almost all Philip's incoming crown income was already assigned to its various creditors and he had almost no spending discretion left.[56] Financially, the Spanish state had become dominated by Genoese bankers and lenders under Philip II, whose lines of credit had allowed the Spanish state to continue during its moments of financial crisis; under Philip III this process remained unchecked, building up considerable resentment against this foreign influence,[59] some going so far as to term the bankers 'white moors'.[60]
Throughout Philip's reign, a body of analysis of Spain's condition began to emerge through the work of the numerous arbitristas, or commentators, that dominated public discussions from around 1600 through to the 1630s.[61] These different voices focused heavily on the political economy of Spain – the rural depopulation, the diverse and bureaucratic administrative methods, the social hierarchies and corruption, offering numerous, if often contradictory, solutions.[62] Nonetheless, through most of Philip's reign there was no significant attempt at reform – Philip continued to rule in line with local laws and customs. Philip encouraged consolidation of noble estates, selling off large quantities of crown lands to favoured nobles and creditors.[63] There were no attempts to create an equivalent to the French intendant position – the closest equivalent, the corregidor, lacked the strong links to the crown required to overcome local opposition.[63] Only in Philip's final years did reform begin to gain momentum; a reform committee, or Junta de Reformación, was established in Lerma's final months in 1618.[64] Under the incoming administration, including the reformist Baltasar de Zúñiga, this committee ground on, but would only deliver substantial, if ill-fated results, when rejuvenated under Philip IV's reign.
Foreign policy[edit]




The Somerset House Conference between English and Spanish diplomats that brought an end to the Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604).


On his accession, Philip inherited two major conflicts from his father/granduncle. The first of these, the ongoing and long-running Dutch revolt, represented a serious challenge to Spanish power from the Protestant United Provinces in a crucial part of the Spanish Empire. The second, the Anglo–Spanish War was a newer, and less critical conflict with Protestant England, marked by a Spanish failure to successfully bring its huge military resources to bear on the smaller English military.
Philip's own foreign policy can be divided into three phases. For the first nine years of his reign, he pursued a highly aggressive set of policies, aiming to deliver a 'great victory'.[65] His instructions to Lerma to wage a war of 'blood and iron' on his rebellious subjects in the Netherlands reflects this.[30] After 1609, when it became evident that Spain was financially exhausted and Philip sought a truce with the Dutch, there followed a period of retrenchment; in the background, tensions continued to grow, however, and by 1618 the policies of Philip's 'proconsols' – men like Spinola, Fuentes, Villafranca, Osuna and Bedmar – were increasingly at odds with de Lerma's policy from Madrid.[31] The final period, in which Philip intervened in the Holy Roman Empire to secure the election of Ferdinand II as Emperor and in which preparations were made for renewed conflict with the Dutch, largely occurred after the fall of de Lerma and the rise of a new, more aggressive set of advisors in the Madrid court.
War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21[edit]
Philip's initial aim was to achieve a decisive 'great victory'[65] in the long running war against the rebellious Dutch provinces of the Spanish Netherlands, whilst placing renewed pressure on the English government of Queen Elizabeth I in an effort to terminate English support for their Dutch colleagues. The Spanish armada, or navy, rebuilt in the 1590s, remained effective against the English,[66] but after the failure of the Spanish invasion of Ireland, leading to the defeat at the Battle of Kinsale, Philip 'reluctantly' accepted that further attacks on England were unlikely to succeed.[65] In the Netherlands, a new war strategy resulted in a re-establishment of Spanish power on the north side of the great rivers Meuse and Rhine, stepping up the military pressure on the rebel provinces. The strategy of a 'great victory,' however, began to descend into a financial war of attrition: the Southern Netherlands – still under Spanish control – and the Dutch Republic in the north – dominated by Calvinist Protestants – were both exhausted, and after the 1607 financial crisis, Spain too was unable to pursue the war. Philip III turned to peace negotiations instead; with the accession to the throne of James I of England it became possible to terminate both the war and English support to the Dutch, with the signature in 1604 of the Treaty of London.[67]




Statue of Philip III in Madrid, by Giambologna, finished by Pietro Tacca (1616).


The Twelve Years' Truce with the Dutch followed in 1609, which enabled the Southern Netherlands to recover, but it was a de facto recognition of the independence of the Dutch Republic, and many European powers established diplomatic relations with the Dutch. The truce did not stop the commercial and colonial expansion of the Dutch into the Caribbean and the East-Indies, although Spain had tried to impose the liquidation of the Dutch East India Company as a treaty condition. Minor concessions of the Dutch Republic were the scrapping of the plan to create a Dutch West India Company and to stop the harassment of the Portuguese in Asia. Both concessions were temporary as the Dutch soon recommenced preying upon Portuguese interests, which had already led to the Dutch-Portuguese War in 1602 and would continue till 1654. At least with peace in Europe, the Twelve Year's truce gave Philip's regime an opportunity to begin to recover its financial position.
With the death of Henry IV of France – a supporter of the war against Spain – a period of instability commenced in the Kingdom of France. In a sequence of aggressive policy moves, and largely without firm direction from Philip, his regional proconsuls of the Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples and the Marquess of Villafranca, the Governor of Milan, directed the Spanish policy in Italy that encountered resistance from the Duchy of Savoy and the Republic of Venice. To secure the connection between Milan and the Netherlands a new route was opened through Valtellina, then part of the independent state of the Three Leagues (the present day canton of Graubünden, Switzerland), and in 1618 the plot of Venice occurred in which the authorities engaged in the persecution of pro-Spanish agents.
Entry to the Thirty Years' War[edit]
In the final years of Philip's reign, Spain entered the initial part of the conflict that would become known as the Thirty Years' War (1618–48). The result was a decisive Spanish victory in the Holy Roman Empire that would lead to a recommencement of the war with the Dutch shortly after Philip's death. Europe was anticipating a fresh election for the position of Emperor upon the likely death of Matthias, who was heirless. Spain and Austria's common Habsburg ancestry influenced Spain's involvement in the convoluted politics of the Empire: on the one hand, Philip had a vested interest in the success of his cousin Ferdinand of Bohemia, who intended to follow Matthias to the throne; on the other, Philip had hopes of appointing one of his own family, such as Prince Philip, to the Imperial throne[68] and worried that a failed bid by Ferdinand might reduce collective Habsburg prestige.[69]




The Battle of White Mountain, 1620, a triumph for the later foreign policy of Philip III


Philip finally chose to intervene behind Ferdinand. Prince Philip had been rejected as unacceptable to the German nobility.[68] Philip had also been increasingly influenced over the years by first Queen Margaret, and later the other, powerful Habsburg women at court, whilst the incoming set of advisors that replaced de Lerma, especially de Zúñiga, also saw Spain's future as part of a strong alliance with a Habsburg Holy Roman Empire.[70] Finally, by the Oñate treaty of 29 July 1617, Ferdinand made a successful appeal to Philip's self-interest by promising Spain the Habsburg lands in Alsace in return for Spanish support for his election.[71]
Crisis broke out in Ferdinand's kingdom of Bohemia during 1618–19, with a confrontation between Catholic and Protestant factions. Ferdinand asked Spain for help to put down the rebellion; the Protestant rebels turned to Frederick V of the Palatinate as a new ruler and Emperor. The situation in the Empire was in many ways auspicious for Spanish strategy; in the Spanish Netherlands Ambrosio Spinola had been conspiring to find an opportunity to intervene with the Army of Flanders into the Electorate of the Palatinate. The Palatinate was a vital, Protestant set of territories along the Rhine guarding the most obvious route for reinforcements from other Spanish territories to arrive into the rebellious Dutch provinces (through Genoa).[37] France, assumed bound to support Frederick against Ferdinand, was in fact inclined to remain neutral.[72] The Spanish troops headed by Spinola in the Palatinate and by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly in Bohemia achieved a decisive victory against the Czechs in the Battle of White Mountain in 1620. With the Dutch now vulnerable to a strike through the Rhine valley, a renewed war against the Provinces, with the aim of forcing the Dutch to a more suitable permanent peace, appeared inevitable. Philip died in 1621 shortly before the recommencement of war – his son, Philip IV, retained his chief foreign policy advisor, de Zúñiga, and an initially highly successful campaign against the Dutch began the same year.
Legacy[edit]
Philip III died in Madrid on 31 March 1621, succeeded by his son, Philip IV, who rapidly completed the process of removing the last elements of the Sandoval family regime from court. The story told in the memoirs of the French ambassador Bassompierre, that he was killed by the heat of a brasero (a pan of hot charcoal), because the proper official to take it away was not at hand, is a humorous exaggeration of the formal etiquette of the court.
Philip has generally left a poor legacy with historians. Three major historians of the period have described an 'undistinguished and insignificant man',[32] a 'miserable monarch',[73] whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice'.[74] More generally, Philip has largely retained the reputation of 'a weak, dim-witted monarch who preferred hunting and travelling to governing'.[75] Unlike Philip IV, whose reputation has improved significantly in the light of recent analysis, Philip III's reign has been relatively unstudied, possibly because of the negative interpretation given to the role of Philip and Lerma during the period.[75] Traditionally, the decline of Spain has been placed from the 1590s onwards; revisionist historians from the 1960s, however, presented an alternative analysis, arguing that in many ways Philip III's Spain of 1621 – reinforced with new territories in Alsace, at peace with France, dominant in the Holy Roman Empire, and about to begin a successful campaign against the Dutch – was in a much stronger position than in 1598, despite the poor personal performance of her king during the period.[76] Philip's use of Lerma as his valido has formed one of the key historical and contemporary criticisms against him; recent work[77] has perhaps begun to present a more nuanced picture of the relationship and the institution that survived for the next forty years in Spanish royal government.
Titles and style[edit]




Coat of arms of Philip III


In the 1604 Treaty of London, Philip was styled "Philip the Third, by the grace of God, king of Castile, Leon, Aragon and the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Portugal, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, the Majorcas, Seville, Cordoba, Corsica, Murcia, Guinea, Algarve, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, also of the Eastern and Western Indies, and the islands and terra firma of the Ocean Sea, archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy and Milan, count of Habsburg, Barcelona, and Biscay, and lord of Molina, etc." in full and "Philip III, King of the Spains" for short.[78]
Ancestry[edit]
Like many Habsburgs, Philip III was the product of extensive inbreeding. His father, Philip II, a product of marriage between first cousins, married his niece, Anna of Austria, herself the product of a cousin couple. Philip III in turn married his first cousin once removed, Margaret of Austria. This pattern would continue in the next generation, ultimately culminating in the end of the Spanish Habsburg line in the person of Philip's feeble grandson, Charles II.


Ancestors of Philip III of Spain






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

16. Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

8. Philip I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

17. Mary, Duchess of Burgundy



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

4. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and I of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

18. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 22)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

9. Joanna I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

19. Isabella I of Castile (= 23)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

2. Philip II of Spain and I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Manuel I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Infanta Beatrice of Portugal



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Isabella of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 18)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Maria of Aragon

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Isabella I of Castile (= 19)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

24. Philip I of Castile (= 8)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

12. Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

25. Joanna I of Castile (= 9)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

6. Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

26. Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

13. Anna of Bohemia and Hungary

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

27. Anna of Foix-Candale



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

3. Anna of Austria

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

28. Philip I of Castile (= 8, 24)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

14. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (= 4)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

29. Joanna I of Castile (= 9, 25)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

7. Maria of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

30. Manuel I of Portugal (= 10)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

15. Isabella of Portugal (= 5)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

31. Maria of Aragon (= 11)



 




 


 


 


 


 









Family[edit]
Philip married Margaret of Austria. They had the following children:

Anne (22 September 1601 – 20 January 1666), queen of France
Maria (1 February 1603 – 2 February 1603)
Philip (8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665), king of Spain
Maria Anna (18 August 1606 – 13 May 1646), empress of the Holy Roman Empire
Charles (14 September 1607 – 30 July 1632)
Ferdinand (16 May 1609 – 9 November 1641), a cardinal
Margaret Frances (24 May 1610 – 11 March 1617)
Alphonse Maurice (22 September 1611 – 16 September 1612)

Further information[edit]

Palacio de la Ribera

References[edit]


^ Stradling, p. 9.
^ Wedgwood, p. 55; Stradling, p. 18; Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b c Feros, p.16.
^ a b c Feros, p.17.
^ a b c Feros, p.19.
^ a b c Williams, p.38.
^ Sánchez, p.101.
^ a b Williams, p.39.
^ a b Sánchez, p.91.
^ a b Sánchez, p.98.
^ Sánchez, p.99.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.100.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.97.
^ Williams, p.35.
^ a b Williams, p.34.
^ Munck, p.49.
^ Mattingly, p.74.
^ Tuck, p.121.
^ Tuck, p.122.
^ Williams, pp.47–8.
^ Williams, p.42.
^ Feros, p.112.
^ a b Williams, p.104.
^ a b Feros, p.113.
^ Williams, p.105.
^ a b Feros, p.110.
^ Williams, p.9.
^ Feros, pp.117–8.
^ Feros, p.133.
^ a b Williams, p.10.
^ a b Polisensky, p.127.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.55.
^ In reality, the Archdukes outlived Philip, resulting in the reunification occurring under his son, Philip IV.
^ Williams, p.127.
^ Williams, p.128.
^ Williams, pp.126–7.
^ a b Wedgwood, pp.113–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.153-4.
^ a b Williams, p.245.
^ a b Williams, p.241.
^ Williams, p.242.
^ Parker, 1984, p.146.
^ Zagorin, pp.3–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.61.
^ Cruz, p.177.
^ a b c Parker, 1984, p.150.
^ Zagorin, p.15.
^ a b Perry, p.133.
^ Harvey, p.308.
^ Perry, p.148.
^ Perry, p.157.
^ De Maddalena, p.286.
^ Parker, 1985, p.235.
^ Parker, 1984, p.147.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.146–7.
^ a b c d e Munck, p.51.
^ a b Thompson, p.189.
^ Kamen, 1991, p. 200.
^ Cruz, p.102.
^ Cruz, p.103.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.147–8.
^ Parker, 1984, p.148.
^ a b Munck, p.50.
^ Kamen, p.214.
^ a b c Williams, p.125.
^ See Goodman (2002), for a thorough account of this revival.
^ Parker, 2004, p.212.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.75.
^ Wedgwood, p.89.
^ Ringrose, p.320.
^ Wedgwood, p.57.
^ Wedgwood, p.110-1.
^ Stradling, p.18.
^ Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b Sánchez, p.92.
^ Parker, 1984, p.145.
^ In particular, Feros (2006) and Williams' (2006) recent extensive studies of the period, and Sánchez's (1996) analysis of the role of powerful women, often underreported in historical documents, at Philip's court.
^ Davenport, page number missing.


Bibliography[edit]

Cipolla, Carlo M. (ed) The Fontana Economic History of Europe: The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries. London: Fontana. (1974)
Cruz, Anne J. Discourses of Poverty: Social Reform and the Picaresque Novel. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. (1999)
Davenport, Frances G. European Treaties Bearing on the History of the United States and Its Dependencies. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. (2004)
Elliott, J. H. Imperial Spain: 1469–1716. London: Penguin. (1963)
Feros, Antionio. Kingship and Favouritism in the Spain of Philip III, 1598–1621. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2006)
Goodman, David. Spanish Naval Power, 1589–1665: Reconstruction and Defeat. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2002)
Kamen, Henry. Spain, 1469–1714: A Society of Conflict. Harlow: Pearson Education. (2005)
Harvey, Leonard Patrick. Muslims in Spain, 1500–1614. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (2005)
Hoffman, Philip T. and Kathyrn Norberg (eds). Fiscal Crises, Liberty, and Representative Government 1450–1789. Stanford: Stanford University Press. (2001)
De Maddalena, Aldo. Rural Europe, 1500–1750. in Cipolla (ed) 1974.
Mattingly, Garrett. The Armada. New York: Mariner Books. (2005)
Munck, Thomas. Seventeenth Century Europe, 1598–1700. London: Macmillan. (1990)
Parker, Geoffrey. Europe in Crisis, 1598–1648. London: Fontana. (1984)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Dutch Revolt. London: Pelican Books. (1985)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Army of Flanders and the Spanish Road, 1567–1659. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2004)
Perry, Mary Elizabeth. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the politics of religion in early modern Spain. Princeton: Princeton University Press. (2005)
Polisensky, J. V. The Thirty Years War. London: NEL. (1971)
Ringrose, David. Spain, Europe and the "Spanish Miracle", 1700–1900. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1998)
Sánchez, Magdalena S. Pious and Political Images of a Habsburg Woman at the Court of Philip III (1598–1621). in Sánchez and Saint-Saëns (eds) 1996.
Sánchez, Magdalena S. and Alain Saint-Saëns (eds). Spanish women in the golden age: images and realities. Greenwood Publishing Group. (1996)
Stradling, R. A. Philip IV and the Government of Spain, 1621–1665. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1988)
Thompson, I. A. A. Castile, Constitionalism and Liberty. in Hoffman and Norburg (eds) 2001.
Wedgwood, C. V. The Thirty Years War. London: Methuen. (1981)
Williams, Patrick. The Great Favourite: the Duke of Lerma and the court and government of Philip III of Spain, 1598–1621. Manchester: Manchester University Press. (2006)
Zagorin, Perez. Rebels and Rulers, 1500–1660. Volume II: Provincial rebellion: Revolutionary civil wars, 1560–1660. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1992)

Further reading[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Philip III of Spain.



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Philip III., king of Spain". Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
See also Paul C. Allen, Philip III and the Pax Hispanica: The Failure of Grand Strategy (Yale UP: 2000) for an extensive discussion of the foreign policy of Philip III. Allen's is a revisionist work that also argues for a greater role played in international affairs by the Council of State and its leaders in this period rather than by Lerma.




Philip III of Spain
House of Habsburg
Born: 14 April 1578 Died: 31 March 1621


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Philip II of Spain
King of Spain and Portugal;
King of Sardinia, Naples and Sicily;
Duke of Milan
1598–1621
Succeeded by
Philip IV of Spain


Spanish royalty


Preceded by
Diego
Prince of Asturias
1582–98
Succeeded by
Philip


Prince of Portugal
1582–98
Succeeded by
Anne








v
t
e


Monarchs of Spain









Charles I
Philip II
Philip III
Philip IV
Charles II
Philip V
Louis I
Philip V
Ferdinand VI
Charles III
Charles IV
Ferdinand VII
Joseph I
Ferdinand VII
Isabel II
Amadeo I
Alfonso XII
Alfonso XIII
Juan Carlos I
Felipe VI















v
t
e


Spanish Empire








Timeline






Catholic Monarchs
Habsburgs
Golden Age
Encomiendas
New Laws in favour of the indigenous
Expulsion of the Moriscos
Eighty Years' War
Portuguese Restoration War
Bourbons
Napoleonic invasion
Independence of Spanish continental Americas
Liberal constitution
Carlist Wars
Spanish–American War
German–Spanish Treaty (1899)
Spanish Civil War
Independence of Morocco (Western Sahara conflict)













Territories






Kingdoms of Naples, Sicily and Sardinia
Milan
Union with Holy Roman Empire
Netherlands
Franche-Comté
Portugal
Philippines
East Pacific (Guam, Mariana, Caroline, Palau, Marshall, Micronesia, Moluccas)
Northern Taiwan
Tidore
Florida
New Spain (Western United States, Mexico, Central America, Spanish Caribbean)
Spanish Louisiana
Coastal Alaska
Haiti
Belize
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago
Venezuela, Northern and Western Guyana
New Granada (Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, a northernmost portion of Brazilian Amazon)
Peru (Peru, Acre)
Río de la Plata (Argentina, Paraguay, Charcas (Bolivia), Banda Oriental (Uruguay), Falkland Islands)
Chile
Equatorial Guinea
Spanish North Africa (Ifni, Cape Juby, Spanish Morocco and Western Sahara)













Administration






Council of the Indies
Cabildo
Trial of residence
Laws of the Indies
Royal Decree of Graces
Exequatur
Papal bull
School of Salamanca













Administrative subdivisions







Viceroyalties



New Spain
New Granada
Perú
Río de la Plata





Audiencias



Bogotá
Buenos Aires
Caracas
Charcas
Concepción
Cusco
Guadalajara
Guatemala
Lima
Manila
Mexico
Panamá
Quito
Santiago
Santo Domingo





Captaincies General



Chile
Cuba
Guatemala
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Santo Domingo
Venezuela
Yucatán
Provincias Internas





Governorates



Castilla de Oro
Cuba
New Andalusia (1501–1513)
New Andalusia
New Castile
New Toledo
Paraguay
Río de la Plata
















Economy







Currencies



Dollar
Real
Maravedí
Escudo
Columnario





Trade



Manila galleon
Spanish treasure fleet
Casa de Contratación
Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
















Military







Armies



Tercio
Army of Flanders
Spanish Armada
Indian auxiliaries
Legión





Warriors



Duke of Alba
Antonio de Leyva
Martín de Goiti
Alfonso d'Avalos
García de Toledo Osorio
Duke of Savoy
Álvaro de Bazán the Elder
John of Austria
Charles Bonaventure de Longueval
Pedro de Zubiaur
Ambrosio Spinola
Bernardo de Gálvez





Sailors



Christopher Columbus
Pinzón brothers
Ferdinand Magellan
Juan Sebastián Elcano
Juan de la Cosa
Juan Ponce de León
Miguel López de Legazpi
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Sebastián de Ocampo
Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
Alonso de Ojeda
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Alonso de Salazar
Andrés de Urdaneta
Antonio de Ulloa
Ruy López de Villalobos
Diego Columbus
Alonso de Ercilla
Nicolás de Ovando
Juan de Ayala
Sebastián Vizcaíno
Juan Fernández
Felipe González de Ahedo





Conquistadors



Hernán Cortés
Francisco Pizarro
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
Hernán Pérez de Quesada
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Pedro de Valdivia
Pedro de Alvarado
Martín de Ursúa
Diego de Almagro
Pánfilo de Narváez
Diego de Mazariegos
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera





Battles




Old World




Won



Bicocca
Landriano
Pavia
Tunis
Mühlberg
St. Quentin
Gravelines
Malta
Lepanto
Antwerp
Azores
Siege of Mons
Gembloux
Siege of Ostend
English Armada
Cape Celidonia
White Mountain
Siege of Breda
Nördlingen
Valenciennes
Siege of Ceuta
Bitonto
Bailén
Vitoria
Tetouan
Alhucemas





Lost



Capo d'Orso
Preveza
Siege of Castelnuovo
Algiers
Ceresole
Djerba
Tunis
Spanish Armada
Leiden
Rocroi
Downs
Passaro
Trafalgar
Somosierra
Annual








New World




Won



Siege of Tenochtitlan
Cajamarca
Cuzco
Bogotá savanna
Reynogüelén
Penco
Guadalupe Island
San Juan
Cartagena de Indias
Cuerno Verde
Pensacola





Lost



La Noche Triste
Tucapel
Chacabuco
Carabobo
Ayacucho
Guam
Santiago de Cuba
Manila Bay
Asomante






















Spanish colonizations






Canary Islands
Aztec
Maya

Chiapas
Yucatán
Guatemala
Petén


El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Chibchan Nations
Colombia
Peru
Chile













Other civil topics






Spanish missions in the Americas
Architecture
Mesoamerican codices
Cusco painting tradition
Indochristian painting in New Spain
Quito painting tradition
Colonial universities in Latin America
Colonial universities in the Philippines
General Archive of the Indies
Colonial Spanish Horse
Castas
Old inquisition
Slavery in Spanish Empire
British and American slaves granted their freedom by Spain















v
t
e


Monarchs of Portugal



House of Burgundy (1139–1383)



Afonso I
Sancho I
Afonso II
Sancho II
Afonso III
Dinis I
Afonso IV
Pedro I
Fernando I
Beatriz I








House of Aviz (1385–1580)



João I
Duarte I
Afonso V
João II
Manuel I
João III
Sebastião I
Henrique I
António I





House of Habsburg (1581–1640)



Filipe I
Filipe II
Filipe III





House of Braganza (1640–1910)



João IV
Afonso VI
Pedro II
João V
José I
Maria I with Pedro III
João VI
Pedro IV
Maria II
Miguel I
Maria II with Fernando II
Pedro V
Luís I
Carlos I
Manuel II






Debatable or disputed rulers are in italics.










v
t
e


Infantes of Spain




The generations indicate descent from Carlos I, under whom the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united, forming the Kingdom of Spain. Previously, the title Infante had been largely used in the different realms.



1st generation



Felipe II
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan
Infante João





2nd generation



Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Fernando, Prince of Asturias
Infante Carlos Lorenzo
Diego, Prince of Asturias
Felipe III





3rd generation



Felipe IV
Infante Carlos
Infante Fernando
Infante Alfonso Mauricio





4th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Felipe Próspero, Prince of Asturias
Infante Fernando Tomás
Carlos II





5th generation



None





6th generation



None





7th generation



Luis I
Infante Felipe
Infante Felipe Pedro
Fernando VI
Carlos III
Felipe, Duke of Parma
Infante Luis, Count of Chinchón





8th generation



Infante Felipe, Duke of Calabria
Carlos IV
Fernando I of the Two Sicilies
Infante Gabriel
Infante Antonio Pascual
Infante Francisco Javier
Fernando, Duke of Parma 1





9th generation



Infante Carlos Clemente
Infante Carlos Domingo
Infante Carlos Francisco de Paula
Infante Felipe Francisco de Paula
Fernando VII
Infante Carlos, Count of Molina
Infante Felipe María
Infante Francisco de Paula
Infante Pedro Carlos, Infante of Portugal 1
Infante Carlos1
Luis I of Etruria 2





10th generation



Infante Antonio, Duke of Montpensier 2
Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin 1
Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1
Infante Fernando1
Infante Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz1
Francisco de Asís, King consort of Spain 1
Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville 1
Infante Eduardo Felipe 1
Infante Fernando María1
Infante Sebastián, Infante of Portugal 1
Carlos II, Duke of Parma 1





11th generation



Infante Fernando
Infante Francisco de Asís
Alfonso XII
Infante Francisco de Asís
Infante Gaetan, Count of Girgenti 2
Infante Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Fernando of Orléans 1
Infante Felipe of Orleans1
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis of Orleans1
Carlos III, Duke of Parma 1





12th generation



Infante Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies 2
Infante Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis Fernando of Orléans 1
Roberto I, Duke of Parma 1





13th generation



Alfonso, Prince of Asturias
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona
Infante Gonzalo
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria 1
Infante Fernando of Bourbon-Two Sicilies1
Infante Luis Alfonso of Bavaria 1
Infante José Eugenio of Bavaria 1
Infante Alvaro, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Afonso of Orléans 1
Infante Ataúlfo of Orléans 1





14th generation



Juan Carlos I
Infante Alfonso
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria 1





15th generation



Felipe VI





16th generation



None








1 title granted by Royal Decree
2 consort to an Infanta naturalized as a Spanish Infante












v
t
e


Infantes of Portugal




The generations indicate descent from Afonso I, and continues through the House of Aviz, the House of Habsburg through Infanta Isabel, Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, and the House of Braganza through Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza.



1st generation



Infante Henrique
Sancho I
Infante João





2nd generation



Afonso II
Infante Raimundo
Infante Pedro, Count of Urgell
Infante Fernando, Count of Flanders
Infante Henrique





3rd generation



Sancho II
Afonso III
Infante Fernando, Lord of Serpa





4th generation



Infante Fernando
Dinis I
Infante Afonso, Lord of Portalegre
Infante Vicente





5th generation



Afonso IV
Infante Afonso, Lord of Leiria





6th generation



Infante Afonso
Infante Dinis
Pedro I
Infante João





7th generation



Infante Luís
Fernando I
Infante Afonso
Infante João, Duke of Valencia de Campos
Infante Dinis, Lord of Cifuentes





8th generation



Infante Pedro
Infante Afonso (1382)
Infante Afonso (1390–1400)
Duarte I
Infante Pedro, Duke of Coimbra
Infante Henrique, Duke of Viseu
Infante João, Constable of Portugal
Infante Fernando





9th generation



Infante João
Afonso V
Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte
Infante Pedro, Constable of Portugal
Infante João, Prince of Antioch
Cardinal-Infante Jaime of Coimbra
Infante Diogo, Constable of Portugal





10th generation



João, Prince of Portugal
João II
Infante João, Duke of Viseu
Infante Diogo, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte of Viseu
Infante Dinis of Viseu
Infante Simão of Viseu
Infante Afonso of Viseu
Manuel I





11th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Infante João
Miguel da Paz, Prince of Portugal and Asturias*
João III
Infante Luís, Duke of Beja
Infante Fernando, Duke of Guarda
Cardinal-Infante Afonso
Henrique I (The Cardinal-King)
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães
Infante António
Infante Carlos





12th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Filipe, Prince of Portugal
Infante Dinis
João Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Infante António
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães





13th generation



Sebastião I
Carlos, Prince of Asturias§#
Diogo, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Filipe II§#
Manuel, Hereditary Prince of Portugalƒ





14th generation



Filipe III§#
Infante Carlos§#
Cardinal-Infante Fernando§#
Infante Alfonso Mauricio§#





15th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Infante Francisco Fernando§#
Teodósio, Prince of Brazil
Afonso VI
Pedro II





16th generation



João, Prince of Brazil
João V
Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja
Infante António
Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém





17th generation



Pedro, Prince of Brazil
José I
Infante Carlos
Pedro III
Infante Alexandre





18th generation



None





19th generation



José, Prince of Brazil
Infante João (1762)
Infante João Francisco
João VI





20th generation



Francisco António, Prince of Beira
Pedro I of Brazil & IV of Portugal
Miguel I
Infante Pedro Carlos§





21st generation



Miguel, Prince of Beira
João Carlos, Prince of Beira
Infante Miguel, Duke of Braganza
Infante Sebastião§





22nd generation



Pedro V¶
Luís I¶
Infante João, Duke of Beja¶
Infante Fernando¶
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra¶
Infante Leopoldo¶
Infante Eugénio¶
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Francisco José
Infante Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza





23rd generation



Carlos I¶
Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto¶
Infante Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra





24th generation



Luís Filipe, Prince Royal¶
Manuel II¶
Afonso, Prince of Beira
Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto






* also an infante of Castile and León, Aragon, Sicily and Naples,  § also an infante of Spain,  # also an archduke of Austria,  ‡ also an imperial prince of Brazil,  ¶ also a prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony  ƒ claimant infante










v
t
e


Princes and Princesses of Asturias






Leonor (2014–present)













Henry (1388–90)
Maria (1402–05)
John (1405–06)
Catherine (1423–24)
Eleanor (1424–25)
Henry (1425–54)
Joanna (1462–64)
Alfonso (1464–68)
Isabella (1468–70)
Isabella (1470–78)
John (1478–97)
Isabella (1497–98)
Michael (1498–1500)
Joanna (1502–04)
Charles (1504–16)
Philip (1527–56)
Charles (1556–68)
Ferdinand (1571–78)
Diego (1578–82)
Philip (1582–98)
Philip (1605–21)
Balthasar Charles (1629–1646)
Philip Prospero (1657–1661)
Charles (1661–1665)
Louis (1709–24)
Ferdinand (1724–46)
Charles (1759–88)
Ferdinand (1788–1808)
Isabella (1830–33)
Isabella (1851–57)
Alfonso (1857–68)
Emanuele Filiberto (1871–73)
Isabella (1875–80)
Mercedes (1881–1904)
Alfonso (1907–38)
Felipe (1977–2014)
Leonor (2014– )












v
t
e


Austrian archdukes



1st generation



Frederick V
Albert VI
Sigismund





2nd generation



Cristopher
Maximilian I
John
Wolfgang





3rd generation



Philip I of Castile
Archduke Francis





4th generation



Charles I
Ferdinand I





5th generation



Philip II of Spain*
Maximilian II
Ferdinand II
Ferdinand*
John*
John
Ferdinand*
Charles II





6th generation



Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Rudolf V
Ernest
Matthias
Maximilian III
Albert VII
Wenzel
Frederick
Charles
Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Carlos Lorenzo*
Diego, Prince of Asturias*
Philip III of Spain*
Ferdinand III
Charles
Maximilian Ernest
Leopold V
Archduke Charles





7th generation



Charles
Philip IV of Spain*
Philipp
John-Charles
Albert
Charles*
Ferdinand IV
Ferdinand*
Alfonso Mauricio
Leopold Wilhelm
Ferdinand Charles
Sigismund Francis





8th generation



Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand IV of Hungary
Francisco Fernando*
Philip August
Maximilian Thomas
Leopold VI
Charles Joseph
Ferdinand Joseph Alois
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand Thomas*
Charles II of Spain*





9th generation



Ferdinand Wenzel
John Leopold
Joseph I
Leopold Joseph
Charles III





10th generation



Leopold Joseph
Leopold John





11th generation



Joseph II**
Charles Louis**
Leopold VII**
Ferdinand**
Maximilian Franz, Archbishop-Elector of Cologne**





12th generation



Emperor Francis I**
Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Charles, Duke of Teschen**
Alexander Leopold, Palatine of Hungary**
Joseph, Palatine of Hungary**
Anton Victor**
John**
Rainer Joseph**
Archduke Louis**
Cardinal-Archduke Rudolf**
Joseph Franz***
Francis IV, Duke of Modena***
Ferdinand Karl Joseph***
Maximilian***
Karl, Primate of Hungary***





13th generation



Emperor Ferdinand I
Francis Leopold, Grand Prince of Tuscany**
Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Joseph Franz
Franz Karl
Johann Nepomuk
Albert, Duke of Teschen
Stephen, Palatine of Hungary
Karl Ferdinand
Francis V, Duke of Modena***
Frederick Ferdinand
Ferdinand Karl Viktor***
Archduke Rudolf
Leopold Ludwig
Ernest
Alexander
Sigismund Leopold
Rainer Ferdinand
Wilhelm Franz
Heinrich Anton
Maximilian Karl
Joseph Karl





14th generation



Emperor Franz Joseph I
Maximilian I of Mexico
Karl Ludwig
Ludwig Viktor
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Karl Salvator**
Rainier**
Ludwig Salvator**
John Salvator**
Karl
Franz Joseph
Friedrich, Duke of Teschen
Charles Stephen
Eugen
Joseph August
Archduke Ladislaus





15th generation



Crown Prince Rudolf
Franz Ferdinand***
Otto Francis
Ferdinand Karl
Leopold Ferdinand**
Josef Ferdinand**
Peter Ferdinand**
Heinrich Ferdinand**
Robert Ferdinand**
Leopold Salvator**
Franz Salvator**
Archduke Albrecht Salvator**
Archduke Rainier Salvator**
Archduke Ferdinand Salvator**
Albrecht Franz, Duke of Teschen
Karl Albrecht
Leo Karl
Wilhelm
Joseph Francis
Archduke Ladislaus Joseph
Archduke Matthias





16th generation



Emperor Charles I
Maximilian Eugen
Habsburg - Tuscany :
Archduke Gottfried**
Georg**
Rainer**
Leopold Maria**
Anton**
Franz Joseph**
Karl Pius**
Franz Karl**
Hubert Salvator**
Theodor Salvator**
Clemens Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Árpád
Archduke Itsván
Géza
Michael Koloman





17th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Crown Prince Otto
Robert***
Felix
Carl Ludwig
Rudolf
Descent of Maximilian :
Ferdinand Karl
Heinrich Maria
Tuscany :
Leopold Franz**
Guntram**
Radbot**
Johann**
Georg**
Stephan**
Dominic**
Friederich Salvator**
Andreas Salvator**
Markus**
Johann**
Michael**
Franz Salvator**
Karl Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Karl
Andreas Agustinus
Nicholas Franz
Johann Jacob
Edward Karl
Paul Rudolf





18th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Karl
Georg
Lorenz***
Gerhard***
Martin***
Karl Philipp
Raimund Joseph
Itsván
Rudolf
Carl Christian
Karl Peter
Simeon
Johannes
Descent of Maximilian :
Maximilian Heinrich
Philipp Joachim
Ferdinand Karl
Konrad
Tuscany :
Sigismund**
Georg**
Guntram**
Leopold**
Alexander Salvator**
Thaddäus Salvator**
Casimir Salvator**
Matthias**
Johannes**
Bernhard**
Benedikt**
Palatines :
Joseph Albrecht (1994–)
Paul Leo (1996–)
Friedrich Cyprian (1995–)
Pierre (1997–)
Benedikt Alexander (2005–)
Nicolás (2003–)
Santiago (2006–)
Johannes (2010–)
Paul Benedikt (2000–)





19th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Ferdinand Zvonimir
Karl Konstantin
Amedeo***
Joachim***
Bartholomaeus***
Emmanuel***
Luigi***
Felix Carl
Andreas Franz
Paul Johannes
Carl Christian
Johannes
Thomas
Franz Ludwig
Michael
Joseph
Imre
Christoph
Alexander
Lorenz Carl
Johannes
Ludwig
Philipp
Descent of Maximilian :
Nicholas
Constantin
Jacob Maximilian
Tuscany :
Leopold Amedeo**
Maximilian**
Leopold**
Constantin Salvator**
Paul Salvator**








*also an infante of Spain
** also a prince of Tuscany
*** also a prince of Modena









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 88888342
LCCN: n85049399
ISNI: 0000 0001 2142 6201
GND: 118593846
SUDOC: 061144436
BNF: cb12240811g (data)
ULAN: 500354067
NDL: 001197529
RKD: 441266










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_III_of_Spain&oldid=790471529"					
Categories: Spanish monarchsPhilippine dynasty1578 births1621 deathsSpanish Baroque peoplePortuguese monarchsRoman Catholic monarchsSpanish people of the Eighty Years' WarPeople of the Anglo-Spanish War (1585–1604)Nobility from MadridKings of SicilyPrinces of AsturiasPrinces of GironaDukes of MontblancCounts of CerveraLords of BalaguerPrinces of PortugalSpanish infantesPortuguese infantesDukes of MilanKnights of SantiagoKnights of the Golden FleeceBurials in the Pantheon of Kings at El EscorialGrand Masters of the Order of the Golden Fleece16th-century Portuguese monarchs17th-century Portuguese monarchs16th-century Spanish people17th-century Spanish peopleHidden categories: Articles containing Spanish-language textArticles containing Portuguese-language textWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSicilianuSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWest-Vlams吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 23:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Philip III of Spain - Wikipedia






















 






Philip III of Spain

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Phillip III King of Spain)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip III



Philip III by Diego Velázquez (1627)






King of Spain





King of Portugal and the Algarves
1598–1621


King of Naples
1598–1621


King of Sicily
1598–1621


King of Sardinia
1598–1621


Duke of Milan
1598–1621






(more...)


Reign
13 September 1598 – 31 March 1621


Predecessor
Philip II


Successor
Philip IV







Born
(1578-04-12)12 April 1578
Madrid, Spain


Died
31 March 1621(1621-03-31) (aged 42)
Madrid, Spain


Burial
El Escorial


Spouse
Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; her d. 1611)


Issue



Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Charles of Spain
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand





House
Habsburg


Father
Philip II of Spain


Mother
Anna of Austria


Religion
Roman Catholicism


Signature





House of Habsburg
Spanish line









Emperor Charles V
(King Charles I)




Children
Philip II of Spain
Maria, Holy Roman Empress
Joan of Spain
Don John (illegitimate)
Margaret of Parma (illegitimate)




Philip II




Children include
Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Isabella of Spain
Catherine, Duchess of Savoy
Philip III of Spain
Maria of Spain




Philip III




Children include
Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Ana, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Carlos
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand




Philip IV




Children include
Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias
Maria Theresa, Queen of France
Margaret, Holy Roman Empress
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias
Charles II of Spain




Charles II





v
t
e





Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III; 14 April 1578 – 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II). A member of the House of Habsburg, Philip III was born in Madrid to King Philip II of Spain and his fourth wife and niece Anna, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II and Maria of Spain. Philip III later married his cousin Margaret of Austria, sister of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Although also known in Spain as Philip the Pious,[1] Philip's political reputation abroad has been largely negative – an 'undistinguished and insignificant man,' a 'miserable monarch,' whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice,' to quote historians C. V. Wedgwood, R. Stradling and J. H. Elliott.[2] In particular, Philip's reliance on his corrupt chief minister, the Duke of Lerma, drew much criticism at the time and afterwards. For many, the decline of Spain can be dated to the economic difficulties that set in during the early years of his reign. Nonetheless, as the ruler of the Spanish Empire at its height and as the king who achieved a temporary peace with the Dutch (1609–1621) and brought Spain into the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) through an (initially) extremely successful campaign, Philip's reign remains a critical period in Spanish history.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Religion, Philip and the role of women at court
3 Style of government

3.1 Duke of Lerma as valido
3.2 Imperial proconsuls
3.3 Fall of Lerma


4 Domestic policy

4.1 Expulsion of the Moriscos
4.2 Economic decline and failed reform


5 Foreign policy

5.1 War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21
5.2 Entry to the Thirty Years' War


6 Legacy
7 Titles and style
8 Ancestry
9 Family
10 Further information
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 Further reading



Early life[edit]
After Philip III's older brother Don Carlos died insane, Philip II had concluded that one of the causes of Carlos' condition had been the influence of the warring factions at the Spanish court.[3] He believed that Carlos' education and upbringing had been badly affected by this, resulting in his lunacy and disobedience, and accordingly he set out to pay much greater attention to arrangements for his later sons.[3] Philip II appointed Juan de Zúñiga, then Prince Diego's governor, to continue this role for Philip, and chose García de Loaysa as his tutor.[3] They were joined by Cristóbal de Moura, a close supporter of Philip II. In combination, Philip believed, they would provide a consistent, stable upbringing for Prince Philip, and ensure he avoided the same fate as Carlos.[4] Philip's education was to follow the model for royal princes laid down by Father Juan de Mariana, focusing on the imposition of restraints and encouragement to form the personality of the individual at an early age, aiming to deliver a king who was neither tyrannical nor excessively under the influence of his courtiers.[4]
Prince Philip appears to have been generally liked by his contemporaries: 'dynamic, good-natured and earnest,' suitably pious, having a 'lively body and a peaceful disposition,' albeit with a relatively weak constitution.[5] The comparison with the memory of the disobedient and ultimately insane Carlos was usually a positive one, although some commented that Prince Philip appeared less intelligent and politically competent than his late brother.[5] Indeed, although Philip was educated in Latin, French, Portuguese and astronomy, and appears to have been a competent linguist,[4] recent historians suspect that much of his tutors' focus on Philip's undeniably pleasant, pious and respectful disposition was to avoid reporting that, languages aside, he was not in fact particularly intelligent or academically gifted.[6] Nonetheless, Philip does not appear to have been naive – his correspondence to his daughters shows a distinctive cautious streak in his advice on dealing with court intrigue.[7]
Philip first met the Marquis of Denia – the future Duke of Lerma – then, a gentleman of the King's chamber, in his early teens.[6] Lerma and Philip became close friends, but Lerma was considered unsuitable by the King and Philip's tutors. Lerma was dispatched to Valencia as a Viceroy in 1595, with the aim of removing Philip from his influence;[6] but after Lerma pleaded poor health, he was allowed to return two years later. By now in poor health himself, King Philip II was becoming increasingly concerned over the prince's future, and he attempted to establish de Moura as a future, trusted advisor to his son, reinforcing de Loaysa's position by appointing him archbishop.[8] The prince received a new, conservative Dominican confessor.[8] The following year, Philip II died after a painful illness, leaving the Spanish Empire to his son (and grandnephew), King Philip III.
Religion, Philip and the role of women at court[edit]
Philip married his cousin, Margaret of Austria, in 1599, a year after becoming king. Margaret, the sister of the future Emperor Ferdinand II, would be one of three women at Philip's court who would apply considerable influence over the king.[9] Margaret was considered by contemporaries to be extremely pious – in some cases, excessively pious, and too influenced by the Church[10] – 'astute and very skillful' in her political dealings,[11] although 'melancholic' and unhappy over the influence of the Duke of Lerma over her husband at court.[10] Margaret continued to fight an ongoing battle with Lerma for influence up until her death in 1611. Philip had an 'affectionate, close relationship' with Margaret,[12] and paid her additional attention after she bore him a son in 1605.[12]
Margaret, alongside Philip's grandmother/aunt, Empress Maria – the Austrian representative to the Spanish court – and Margaret of the Cross, Maria's daughter – formed a powerful, uncompromising Catholic and pro-Austrian voice within Philip's life.[9] They were successful, for example, in convincing Philip to provide financial support to Ferdinand from 1600 onwards.[12] Philip steadily acquired other religious advisors. Father Juan de Santa Maria – confessor to Philip's daughter, doña Maria, was felt by contemporaries to have an excessive influence over Philip at the end of his life,[13] and both he and Luis de Aliaga, Philip's own confessor, were credited with influencing the overthrow of Lerma in 1618. Similarly Mariana de San Jose, a favoured nun of Queen Margaret's, was also criticised for her later influence over the King's actions.[13]
Style of government[edit]




Philip III of Spain


The Spanish crown at the time ruled through a system of royal councils. The most significant of these were the Councils of State and its subordinate Council for War, that were in turn supported by the seven professional councils for the different regions, and four specialised councils for the Inquisition, the Military Orders, Finance and the Crusade tax.[14] These councils were then supplemented by small committees, or juntas, as necessary, such as the 'junta of the night' through which Philip II exercised personal authority towards the end of his reign.[15] As a matter of policy, Philip had tried to avoid appointing grandees to major positions of power within his government and relied heavily on the lesser nobles, the so-called 'service' nobility.[15] Philip II had taken the traditional system of councils and applied a high degree of personal scrutiny to them, especially in matters of paperwork, which he declined to delegate – the result was a 'ponderous' process.[16] To his contemporaries, the degree of personal oversight he exercised was excessive; his 'self-imposed role as the chief clerk to the Spanish empire'[17] was not thought entirely appropriate. Philip first started to become engaged in practical government at the age of 15, when he joined Philip II's private committee.[5]
Philip III's approach to government appears to have stemmed from three main drivers. Firstly, he was heavily influenced by the eirenic ideas being circulated in Italian circles in reaction to the new Humanist theories of governance, typified by Machiavelli.[18] Writers such as Girolamo Frachetta, who became a particular favourite of Philip, had propagated a conservative definition of 'reason of state' which centred on exercising a princely prudence and a strict obedience to the laws and customs of the country that one ruled.[19] Secondly, Philip may have shared Lerma's view that the governmental system of Philip II was fast proving impractical and unnecessarily excluded the great nobles of the kingdoms – it had been creaking badly in the last decades of his father's life.[20] Lastly, Philip's own personality and his friendship with Lerma heavily shaped his approach to policy-making. The result was a radical shift in the role of the crown in government from the model of Philip II.
Duke of Lerma as valido[edit]




Francisco Goméz de Sandoval y Rojas, Duke of Lerma, Spanish statesman


Within a few hours of Philip ascending to the throne, Lerma had been made a royal counsellor by the new king and set about establishing himself as a fully fledged valido, or royal favourite.[21] Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king. All the business of government, Philip instructed, was to arrive in writing and be channeled through Lerma before reaching him.[22] Whilst Philip was not hugely active in government in other ways, once these memoranda, or consulta, had reached him he appears to have been assiduous in commenting on them.[23] Debates in royal councils would now only begin upon the written instruction of the king – again, through Lerma.[24] All members of royal councils were under orders to maintain complete transparency with Lerma as the king's personal representative;[24] indeed, in 1612 the councils were ordered by Philip to obey Lerma as if he were the king.[23] The degree to which Lerma himself played an active role in government has been disputed. Contemporaries were inclined to see Lerma's hand in every action of government; others have since thought Lerma to have 'neither the temperament nor the energy' to impose himself greatly on the actions of government;[25] still others consider Lerma to have carefully attended only those Councils of State that addressed matters of great importance to the king,[26] creating a space for the wider professionalisation of government that had been lacking under Philip II.[27]
This new system of government became increasingly unpopular very quickly. The novel idea of a valido exercising power went against the long-standing popular conception that the king should exercise his powers personally, not through another.[28] Before long, the apparatus of the Spanish government was packed with Lerma's relatives, Lerma's servants and Lerma's political friends, to the exclusion of others.[29] Lerma responded by further limiting his public visibility in politics, avoiding signing and writing documents personally,[30] and constantly stressing that he was, humbly, only working on behalf of his master, Philip III.
Imperial proconsuls[edit]
De Lerma's role as royal favourite at court was further complicated by the rise of various 'proconsuls' under Philip III's reign – significant Spanish representatives overseas, who came to exercise independent judgement and even independent policies in the absence of strong leadership from the centre.[31] The challenges to government communication during the period encouraged aspects of this, but the phenomenon was much more marked under Philip III than under either the reign of his father or son.




Ambrosio Spinola, one of Philip III's various imperial proconsuls, by Peter Paul Rubens.


In the Netherlands, Philip II had bequeathed his remaining territories in the Low Countries to his daughter Isabella of Spain and her husband, Archduke Albert, under the condition that if she died without heirs, the province would return to the Spanish Crown. Given that Isabella was notoriously childless, it was clear that this was only intended to be a temporary measure, and that Philip II had envisaged an early revision to Philip III.[32] As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.[33] Meanwhile, the Italian-born Ambrosio Spinola was to perform a crucial role as a Spanish general in the Army of Flanders. Having demonstrated his military prowess at the siege of Ostend in 1603, Spinola rapidly started to propose and implement policies almost independently of the central councils in Madrid,[34] somehow managing to achieve military victories even without central funding from Spain.[35] De Lerma was uncertain of how to deal with Spinola; on the one hand, de Lerma desperately needed a successful military commander in the Netherlands – on the other, de Lerma was contemptuous of Spinola's relatively low origins and scared of his potential to destabilise de Lerma at court.[36] In the years leading to the outbreak of war in 1618, Spinola was working to produce a plan to finally defeat the Dutch, involving an intervention in the Rhineland followed by fresh hostilities aiming to cut the Low Countries in two: portrayed at the time as the 'spider in the web' of Catholic politics in the region, Spinola was operating without significant consultation with Philip in Madrid.[37]
In Italy, a parallel situation emerged. The Count of Fuentes, as governor of Lombardy, exploited the lack of guidance from Madrid to pursue his own highly interventionist policy across north Italy, including making independent offers to support the Papacy by invading the Venetian Republic in 1607.[38] Fuentes remained in power and pursuing his own policies until his death. The Marquis of Villafranca, as governor of Milan, similarly exercised his own considerable judgement on foreign policy. The Duke of Osuna, who had married into the Sandovel family as a close ally of Lerma, again showed significant independence as the Viceroy of Naples towards the end of Philip's reign. In conjunction with the Spanish ambassador to Venice, the influential Marquis of Bedmar, Osuna pursued a policy of raising an extensive army, intercepting Venetian shipping and imposing sufficiently high taxes that threats of a revolt began to emerge. To exacerbate matters, Osuna was found to have prevented the local Neapolitans from petitioning Philip III to complain.[39] Osuna fell from power only when de Lerma had lost his royal favour, and Osuna's negative impact on Philip's plans for intervention in Germany had become intolerable.[39]
Fall of Lerma[edit]




Rodrigo Calderón, executed by Philip III to satisfy the Duke of Lerma's enemies, painted by Peter Paul Rubens.


From 1612 onwards, and certainly by 1617, the Lerma administration was crumbling. The monopoly of power in the hands of the Lerma's Sandoval family had generated numerous enemies; Lerma's personal enrichment in office had become a scandal; Lerma's extravagant spending and personal debts was beginning to alarm his own son, Cristóbal de Sandoval, Duke of Uceda; lastly, ten years of quiet diplomacy by Fathers Luis de Aliaga, Philip's confessor, and Juan de Santa Maria, Philip's daughter's confessor and a former client of Queen Margaret,[13] had begun to apply personal and religious pressure on the king to alter his method of government.[40] Philip remained close to Lerma, however, and supported him in becoming a cardinal in March 1618 under Pope Paul V, a position which would offer Lerma some protection as his government collapsed.
Lerma fell to an alliance of interests – Uceda, his son, led the attack, aiming to protect his future interests, allied with Don Baltasar de Zúñiga, a well-connected noble with a background in diplomacy across Europe, whose nephew, Olivares was close to the heir to the throne, Prince Philip. Lerma departed for his ducal seat, and for six weeks Philip did nothing; then, in October, Philip signed a decree renouncing the powers of his former valido, and announcing that he would rule in person.[40] Uceda initially took over as the primary voice at court, but without his father's extensive powers, whilst De Zúñiga became Philip's minister for foreign and military affairs. Philip, whilst unwilling to move further against Lerma, took politically symbolic action against Lerma's former secretary Rodrigo Calderón, a figure emblematic of the former administration. Calderón, suspected of having killed Philip's wife Queen Margaret by witchcraft in 1611, was ultimately tortured and then executed by Philip for the more plausible murder of the soldier Francisco de Juaras.[41]
Domestic policy[edit]




Philip III of Spain


Philip inherited an empire considerably enlarged by his father. On the peninsula itself, Philip II had successfully acquired Portugal in 1580; across Europe, despite the ongoing Dutch revolt, Spanish possessions in Italy and along the Spanish Road appeared secure; globally, the combination of Castilian and Portuguese colonial territories gave a Spanish ruler unparalleled reach from the Americas to the Philippines and beyond through India to Africa.[42] The challenge for such a ruler was that these territories were in legal reality separate bodies, different entities bound together through the 'supraterritorial' royal institutions of the Spanish crown, utilising Castilian nobility as a ruling caste.[43] Even within the peninsula itself, Philip would rule through the kingdoms of Castile, Aragon, Valencia and Portugal, the autonomous provinces of Catalonia and Andalusia – all only loosely joined together through the institution of the Castile monarchy and the person of Philip III.[44] Each part had different taxation, privileges and military arrangements; in practice, the level of taxation in many of the more peripheral provinces was less than in Castile, but the privileged position of the Castilian nobility at all senior levels of royal appointment was a contentious issue for the less favoured provinces.
Expulsion of the Moriscos[edit]
Main article: Expulsion of the Moriscos
One of Philip's first domestic changes was the issuing of a decree in 1609 for the expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain, timed to coincide with the declaration of a truce in the war for the Netherlands.[45] The Moriscos were the descendants of those Muslims that had converted to Christianity during the Reconquista of the previous centuries; despite their conversion, they retained a distinctive culture, including many Islamic practices.[46] Philip II had made the elimination of the Morisco threat a key part of his domestic strategy in the south, attempting an assimilation campaign in the 1560s, which had resulted in the revolt that concluded in 1570.[47] In the final years of his rule, Philip's father had reinvigorated efforts to convert and assimilate the Moriscos, but with almost 200,000 in the south of Spain alone, it was clear by the early years of the new century that this policy was failing.[46]




Expulsion of the Moriscos at the port of Dénia, by Vincente Mostre.


The idea of completely cleansing Spain of the Moriscos was proposed by Juan de Ribera, the Archbishop and Viceroy of Valencia, whose views were influential with Philip III. Philip's eventual decree to eliminate this 'evil sect'[48] in 1609 was a popular move – the Moriscos were accused of collaborating with the Barbary Pirates to attack the coast, whilst their religion and distinct culture made them unpopular with Christians in Spain, especially in Valencia. Financially, the royal treasury stood to gain by seizing the assets of the removed peoples, whilst in due course those close to the crown would benefit from cheap land or gifts of estates. Other writers have emphasised the continuing 'anxiety and fear' that surrounded the Morisco presence in Spain, and the role this played in encouraging the expulsion.[49] Estimates vary slightly, but between around 275,000[46] to over 300,000[48] Moriscos were forced out of Spain between 1609 and 1614. To accomplish this, the armada, or navy, and 30,000 soldiers were mobilized with the mission of transporting the families to Tunis or Morocco. Philip intervened in the problematic decision of what to do with Morisco children – should they be allowed to take them to Islamic countries, where they would be brought up as Muslims – and if they were to remain in Spain, what should be done with them? Philip paternalistically decreed that Morisco children under the age of seven could not be taken to Islamic countries, but that any children remaining in Valencia should be free from the threat of enslavement,[50] and rejected some of Ribera's more extreme suggestions.[51]
Whilst popular at the time, and in keeping with earlier policies, this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia, Aragon, and Murcia. The supply of cheap labour and the number of rent paying property owners in these areas decreased considerably, as did agricultural outputs.[52] The cultivation of sugarcane and rice had to be substituted for white mulberry, vineyards, and wheat.
Economic decline and failed reform[edit]




Mateo Alemán, an early modern novelist who recorded the terrible 'plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to cripple Philip III's domestic economy.


Philip III's reign was marked by significant economic problems across Spain. Famine struck during the 1590s through a sequence of bad harvests, whilst from 1599 to 1600 and for several years afterwards there was a terrible outbreak of bubonic plague across Spain, killing over 10% of the population.[53] Mateo Alemán, one of the first modern novelists in Europe, captured the despondent mood of the period, describing 'the plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to grip the country.[54] Whilst the failing harvests affected the rural areas most, the plagues reduced the urban population most significantly, in turn reducing the demand for manufactured goods and undermining the economy further.[55] The result was an economically weakened Spain with a rapidly falling population.
Financially, Philip's situation did not appear much better. He had inherited huge debts from his father, Philip II, and an unhelpful tradition that the kingdom of Castile bore the brunt of royal taxation – Castile carried 65% of total imperial costs by 1616.[56] Philip III received no money from the cortes, or parliaments, of Aragon, the Basque provinces or Portugal; Valencia only provided one contribution, in 1604.[56] Philip did not openly challenge this situation, but instead depended more and more heavily on the Castilian cortes; in turn, the cortes increasingly began to tie new grants of money to specific projects, subtly but steadily altering the relationship between the king and cortes.[57] By the financial crisis of 1607, the cortes had even insisted that it be recalled every three years, and that Philip take an oath – on pain of excommunication – to promise that he had spent the royal funds in line with the promises made previously to the cortes.[57]




Philip III of Spain


Philip and Lerma's attempts to resolve this crisis largely failed, and were not helped by the increasing size of the royal household – an attempt to increase royal prestige and political authority[26] – Philip's own household costs rose enormously at a time of falling income.[58] Philip's attempts to issue new currency – in particular the issues of the copper vélon coinage in 1603–04, 1617 and 1621 – simply created considerable instability.[56] The costs of the Dutch campaign resulted in Philip's bankruptcy in 1607, and the crown's attempt to resolve this by converting the asiento tax system – high interest loans owed to tax farmers – into longer term juros bonds paying a much lower interest, produced a short-term benefit, but at the price of losing financial flexibility during future crises.[56] By 1618, almost all Philip's incoming crown income was already assigned to its various creditors and he had almost no spending discretion left.[56] Financially, the Spanish state had become dominated by Genoese bankers and lenders under Philip II, whose lines of credit had allowed the Spanish state to continue during its moments of financial crisis; under Philip III this process remained unchecked, building up considerable resentment against this foreign influence,[59] some going so far as to term the bankers 'white moors'.[60]
Throughout Philip's reign, a body of analysis of Spain's condition began to emerge through the work of the numerous arbitristas, or commentators, that dominated public discussions from around 1600 through to the 1630s.[61] These different voices focused heavily on the political economy of Spain – the rural depopulation, the diverse and bureaucratic administrative methods, the social hierarchies and corruption, offering numerous, if often contradictory, solutions.[62] Nonetheless, through most of Philip's reign there was no significant attempt at reform – Philip continued to rule in line with local laws and customs. Philip encouraged consolidation of noble estates, selling off large quantities of crown lands to favoured nobles and creditors.[63] There were no attempts to create an equivalent to the French intendant position – the closest equivalent, the corregidor, lacked the strong links to the crown required to overcome local opposition.[63] Only in Philip's final years did reform begin to gain momentum; a reform committee, or Junta de Reformación, was established in Lerma's final months in 1618.[64] Under the incoming administration, including the reformist Baltasar de Zúñiga, this committee ground on, but would only deliver substantial, if ill-fated results, when rejuvenated under Philip IV's reign.
Foreign policy[edit]




The Somerset House Conference between English and Spanish diplomats that brought an end to the Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604).


On his accession, Philip inherited two major conflicts from his father/granduncle. The first of these, the ongoing and long-running Dutch revolt, represented a serious challenge to Spanish power from the Protestant United Provinces in a crucial part of the Spanish Empire. The second, the Anglo–Spanish War was a newer, and less critical conflict with Protestant England, marked by a Spanish failure to successfully bring its huge military resources to bear on the smaller English military.
Philip's own foreign policy can be divided into three phases. For the first nine years of his reign, he pursued a highly aggressive set of policies, aiming to deliver a 'great victory'.[65] His instructions to Lerma to wage a war of 'blood and iron' on his rebellious subjects in the Netherlands reflects this.[30] After 1609, when it became evident that Spain was financially exhausted and Philip sought a truce with the Dutch, there followed a period of retrenchment; in the background, tensions continued to grow, however, and by 1618 the policies of Philip's 'proconsols' – men like Spinola, Fuentes, Villafranca, Osuna and Bedmar – were increasingly at odds with de Lerma's policy from Madrid.[31] The final period, in which Philip intervened in the Holy Roman Empire to secure the election of Ferdinand II as Emperor and in which preparations were made for renewed conflict with the Dutch, largely occurred after the fall of de Lerma and the rise of a new, more aggressive set of advisors in the Madrid court.
War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21[edit]
Philip's initial aim was to achieve a decisive 'great victory'[65] in the long running war against the rebellious Dutch provinces of the Spanish Netherlands, whilst placing renewed pressure on the English government of Queen Elizabeth I in an effort to terminate English support for their Dutch colleagues. The Spanish armada, or navy, rebuilt in the 1590s, remained effective against the English,[66] but after the failure of the Spanish invasion of Ireland, leading to the defeat at the Battle of Kinsale, Philip 'reluctantly' accepted that further attacks on England were unlikely to succeed.[65] In the Netherlands, a new war strategy resulted in a re-establishment of Spanish power on the north side of the great rivers Meuse and Rhine, stepping up the military pressure on the rebel provinces. The strategy of a 'great victory,' however, began to descend into a financial war of attrition: the Southern Netherlands – still under Spanish control – and the Dutch Republic in the north – dominated by Calvinist Protestants – were both exhausted, and after the 1607 financial crisis, Spain too was unable to pursue the war. Philip III turned to peace negotiations instead; with the accession to the throne of James I of England it became possible to terminate both the war and English support to the Dutch, with the signature in 1604 of the Treaty of London.[67]




Statue of Philip III in Madrid, by Giambologna, finished by Pietro Tacca (1616).


The Twelve Years' Truce with the Dutch followed in 1609, which enabled the Southern Netherlands to recover, but it was a de facto recognition of the independence of the Dutch Republic, and many European powers established diplomatic relations with the Dutch. The truce did not stop the commercial and colonial expansion of the Dutch into the Caribbean and the East-Indies, although Spain had tried to impose the liquidation of the Dutch East India Company as a treaty condition. Minor concessions of the Dutch Republic were the scrapping of the plan to create a Dutch West India Company and to stop the harassment of the Portuguese in Asia. Both concessions were temporary as the Dutch soon recommenced preying upon Portuguese interests, which had already led to the Dutch-Portuguese War in 1602 and would continue till 1654. At least with peace in Europe, the Twelve Year's truce gave Philip's regime an opportunity to begin to recover its financial position.
With the death of Henry IV of France – a supporter of the war against Spain – a period of instability commenced in the Kingdom of France. In a sequence of aggressive policy moves, and largely without firm direction from Philip, his regional proconsuls of the Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples and the Marquess of Villafranca, the Governor of Milan, directed the Spanish policy in Italy that encountered resistance from the Duchy of Savoy and the Republic of Venice. To secure the connection between Milan and the Netherlands a new route was opened through Valtellina, then part of the independent state of the Three Leagues (the present day canton of Graubünden, Switzerland), and in 1618 the plot of Venice occurred in which the authorities engaged in the persecution of pro-Spanish agents.
Entry to the Thirty Years' War[edit]
In the final years of Philip's reign, Spain entered the initial part of the conflict that would become known as the Thirty Years' War (1618–48). The result was a decisive Spanish victory in the Holy Roman Empire that would lead to a recommencement of the war with the Dutch shortly after Philip's death. Europe was anticipating a fresh election for the position of Emperor upon the likely death of Matthias, who was heirless. Spain and Austria's common Habsburg ancestry influenced Spain's involvement in the convoluted politics of the Empire: on the one hand, Philip had a vested interest in the success of his cousin Ferdinand of Bohemia, who intended to follow Matthias to the throne; on the other, Philip had hopes of appointing one of his own family, such as Prince Philip, to the Imperial throne[68] and worried that a failed bid by Ferdinand might reduce collective Habsburg prestige.[69]




The Battle of White Mountain, 1620, a triumph for the later foreign policy of Philip III


Philip finally chose to intervene behind Ferdinand. Prince Philip had been rejected as unacceptable to the German nobility.[68] Philip had also been increasingly influenced over the years by first Queen Margaret, and later the other, powerful Habsburg women at court, whilst the incoming set of advisors that replaced de Lerma, especially de Zúñiga, also saw Spain's future as part of a strong alliance with a Habsburg Holy Roman Empire.[70] Finally, by the Oñate treaty of 29 July 1617, Ferdinand made a successful appeal to Philip's self-interest by promising Spain the Habsburg lands in Alsace in return for Spanish support for his election.[71]
Crisis broke out in Ferdinand's kingdom of Bohemia during 1618–19, with a confrontation between Catholic and Protestant factions. Ferdinand asked Spain for help to put down the rebellion; the Protestant rebels turned to Frederick V of the Palatinate as a new ruler and Emperor. The situation in the Empire was in many ways auspicious for Spanish strategy; in the Spanish Netherlands Ambrosio Spinola had been conspiring to find an opportunity to intervene with the Army of Flanders into the Electorate of the Palatinate. The Palatinate was a vital, Protestant set of territories along the Rhine guarding the most obvious route for reinforcements from other Spanish territories to arrive into the rebellious Dutch provinces (through Genoa).[37] France, assumed bound to support Frederick against Ferdinand, was in fact inclined to remain neutral.[72] The Spanish troops headed by Spinola in the Palatinate and by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly in Bohemia achieved a decisive victory against the Czechs in the Battle of White Mountain in 1620. With the Dutch now vulnerable to a strike through the Rhine valley, a renewed war against the Provinces, with the aim of forcing the Dutch to a more suitable permanent peace, appeared inevitable. Philip died in 1621 shortly before the recommencement of war – his son, Philip IV, retained his chief foreign policy advisor, de Zúñiga, and an initially highly successful campaign against the Dutch began the same year.
Legacy[edit]
Philip III died in Madrid on 31 March 1621, succeeded by his son, Philip IV, who rapidly completed the process of removing the last elements of the Sandoval family regime from court. The story told in the memoirs of the French ambassador Bassompierre, that he was killed by the heat of a brasero (a pan of hot charcoal), because the proper official to take it away was not at hand, is a humorous exaggeration of the formal etiquette of the court.
Philip has generally left a poor legacy with historians. Three major historians of the period have described an 'undistinguished and insignificant man',[32] a 'miserable monarch',[73] whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice'.[74] More generally, Philip has largely retained the reputation of 'a weak, dim-witted monarch who preferred hunting and travelling to governing'.[75] Unlike Philip IV, whose reputation has improved significantly in the light of recent analysis, Philip III's reign has been relatively unstudied, possibly because of the negative interpretation given to the role of Philip and Lerma during the period.[75] Traditionally, the decline of Spain has been placed from the 1590s onwards; revisionist historians from the 1960s, however, presented an alternative analysis, arguing that in many ways Philip III's Spain of 1621 – reinforced with new territories in Alsace, at peace with France, dominant in the Holy Roman Empire, and about to begin a successful campaign against the Dutch – was in a much stronger position than in 1598, despite the poor personal performance of her king during the period.[76] Philip's use of Lerma as his valido has formed one of the key historical and contemporary criticisms against him; recent work[77] has perhaps begun to present a more nuanced picture of the relationship and the institution that survived for the next forty years in Spanish royal government.
Titles and style[edit]




Coat of arms of Philip III


In the 1604 Treaty of London, Philip was styled "Philip the Third, by the grace of God, king of Castile, Leon, Aragon and the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Portugal, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, the Majorcas, Seville, Cordoba, Corsica, Murcia, Guinea, Algarve, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, also of the Eastern and Western Indies, and the islands and terra firma of the Ocean Sea, archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy and Milan, count of Habsburg, Barcelona, and Biscay, and lord of Molina, etc." in full and "Philip III, King of the Spains" for short.[78]
Ancestry[edit]
Like many Habsburgs, Philip III was the product of extensive inbreeding. His father, Philip II, a product of marriage between first cousins, married his niece, Anna of Austria, herself the product of a cousin couple. Philip III in turn married his first cousin once removed, Margaret of Austria. This pattern would continue in the next generation, ultimately culminating in the end of the Spanish Habsburg line in the person of Philip's feeble grandson, Charles II.


Ancestors of Philip III of Spain






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

16. Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

8. Philip I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

17. Mary, Duchess of Burgundy



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

4. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and I of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

18. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 22)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

9. Joanna I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

19. Isabella I of Castile (= 23)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

2. Philip II of Spain and I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Manuel I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Infanta Beatrice of Portugal



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Isabella of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 18)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Maria of Aragon

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Isabella I of Castile (= 19)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

24. Philip I of Castile (= 8)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

12. Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

25. Joanna I of Castile (= 9)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

6. Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

26. Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

13. Anna of Bohemia and Hungary

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

27. Anna of Foix-Candale



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

3. Anna of Austria

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

28. Philip I of Castile (= 8, 24)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

14. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (= 4)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

29. Joanna I of Castile (= 9, 25)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

7. Maria of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

30. Manuel I of Portugal (= 10)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

15. Isabella of Portugal (= 5)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

31. Maria of Aragon (= 11)



 




 


 


 


 


 









Family[edit]
Philip married Margaret of Austria. They had the following children:

Anne (22 September 1601 – 20 January 1666), queen of France
Maria (1 February 1603 – 2 February 1603)
Philip (8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665), king of Spain
Maria Anna (18 August 1606 – 13 May 1646), empress of the Holy Roman Empire
Charles (14 September 1607 – 30 July 1632)
Ferdinand (16 May 1609 – 9 November 1641), a cardinal
Margaret Frances (24 May 1610 – 11 March 1617)
Alphonse Maurice (22 September 1611 – 16 September 1612)

Further information[edit]

Palacio de la Ribera

References[edit]


^ Stradling, p. 9.
^ Wedgwood, p. 55; Stradling, p. 18; Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b c Feros, p.16.
^ a b c Feros, p.17.
^ a b c Feros, p.19.
^ a b c Williams, p.38.
^ Sánchez, p.101.
^ a b Williams, p.39.
^ a b Sánchez, p.91.
^ a b Sánchez, p.98.
^ Sánchez, p.99.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.100.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.97.
^ Williams, p.35.
^ a b Williams, p.34.
^ Munck, p.49.
^ Mattingly, p.74.
^ Tuck, p.121.
^ Tuck, p.122.
^ Williams, pp.47–8.
^ Williams, p.42.
^ Feros, p.112.
^ a b Williams, p.104.
^ a b Feros, p.113.
^ Williams, p.105.
^ a b Feros, p.110.
^ Williams, p.9.
^ Feros, pp.117–8.
^ Feros, p.133.
^ a b Williams, p.10.
^ a b Polisensky, p.127.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.55.
^ In reality, the Archdukes outlived Philip, resulting in the reunification occurring under his son, Philip IV.
^ Williams, p.127.
^ Williams, p.128.
^ Williams, pp.126–7.
^ a b Wedgwood, pp.113–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.153-4.
^ a b Williams, p.245.
^ a b Williams, p.241.
^ Williams, p.242.
^ Parker, 1984, p.146.
^ Zagorin, pp.3–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.61.
^ Cruz, p.177.
^ a b c Parker, 1984, p.150.
^ Zagorin, p.15.
^ a b Perry, p.133.
^ Harvey, p.308.
^ Perry, p.148.
^ Perry, p.157.
^ De Maddalena, p.286.
^ Parker, 1985, p.235.
^ Parker, 1984, p.147.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.146–7.
^ a b c d e Munck, p.51.
^ a b Thompson, p.189.
^ Kamen, 1991, p. 200.
^ Cruz, p.102.
^ Cruz, p.103.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.147–8.
^ Parker, 1984, p.148.
^ a b Munck, p.50.
^ Kamen, p.214.
^ a b c Williams, p.125.
^ See Goodman (2002), for a thorough account of this revival.
^ Parker, 2004, p.212.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.75.
^ Wedgwood, p.89.
^ Ringrose, p.320.
^ Wedgwood, p.57.
^ Wedgwood, p.110-1.
^ Stradling, p.18.
^ Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b Sánchez, p.92.
^ Parker, 1984, p.145.
^ In particular, Feros (2006) and Williams' (2006) recent extensive studies of the period, and Sánchez's (1996) analysis of the role of powerful women, often underreported in historical documents, at Philip's court.
^ Davenport, page number missing.


Bibliography[edit]

Cipolla, Carlo M. (ed) The Fontana Economic History of Europe: The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries. London: Fontana. (1974)
Cruz, Anne J. Discourses of Poverty: Social Reform and the Picaresque Novel. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. (1999)
Davenport, Frances G. European Treaties Bearing on the History of the United States and Its Dependencies. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. (2004)
Elliott, J. H. Imperial Spain: 1469–1716. London: Penguin. (1963)
Feros, Antionio. Kingship and Favouritism in the Spain of Philip III, 1598–1621. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2006)
Goodman, David. Spanish Naval Power, 1589–1665: Reconstruction and Defeat. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2002)
Kamen, Henry. Spain, 1469–1714: A Society of Conflict. Harlow: Pearson Education. (2005)
Harvey, Leonard Patrick. Muslims in Spain, 1500–1614. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (2005)
Hoffman, Philip T. and Kathyrn Norberg (eds). Fiscal Crises, Liberty, and Representative Government 1450–1789. Stanford: Stanford University Press. (2001)
De Maddalena, Aldo. Rural Europe, 1500–1750. in Cipolla (ed) 1974.
Mattingly, Garrett. The Armada. New York: Mariner Books. (2005)
Munck, Thomas. Seventeenth Century Europe, 1598–1700. London: Macmillan. (1990)
Parker, Geoffrey. Europe in Crisis, 1598–1648. London: Fontana. (1984)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Dutch Revolt. London: Pelican Books. (1985)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Army of Flanders and the Spanish Road, 1567–1659. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2004)
Perry, Mary Elizabeth. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the politics of religion in early modern Spain. Princeton: Princeton University Press. (2005)
Polisensky, J. V. The Thirty Years War. London: NEL. (1971)
Ringrose, David. Spain, Europe and the "Spanish Miracle", 1700–1900. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1998)
Sánchez, Magdalena S. Pious and Political Images of a Habsburg Woman at the Court of Philip III (1598–1621). in Sánchez and Saint-Saëns (eds) 1996.
Sánchez, Magdalena S. and Alain Saint-Saëns (eds). Spanish women in the golden age: images and realities. Greenwood Publishing Group. (1996)
Stradling, R. A. Philip IV and the Government of Spain, 1621–1665. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1988)
Thompson, I. A. A. Castile, Constitionalism and Liberty. in Hoffman and Norburg (eds) 2001.
Wedgwood, C. V. The Thirty Years War. London: Methuen. (1981)
Williams, Patrick. The Great Favourite: the Duke of Lerma and the court and government of Philip III of Spain, 1598–1621. Manchester: Manchester University Press. (2006)
Zagorin, Perez. Rebels and Rulers, 1500–1660. Volume II: Provincial rebellion: Revolutionary civil wars, 1560–1660. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1992)

Further reading[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Philip III of Spain.



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Philip III., king of Spain". Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
See also Paul C. Allen, Philip III and the Pax Hispanica: The Failure of Grand Strategy (Yale UP: 2000) for an extensive discussion of the foreign policy of Philip III. Allen's is a revisionist work that also argues for a greater role played in international affairs by the Council of State and its leaders in this period rather than by Lerma.




Philip III of Spain
House of Habsburg
Born: 14 April 1578 Died: 31 March 1621


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Philip II of Spain
King of Spain and Portugal;
King of Sardinia, Naples and Sicily;
Duke of Milan
1598–1621
Succeeded by
Philip IV of Spain


Spanish royalty


Preceded by
Diego
Prince of Asturias
1582–98
Succeeded by
Philip


Prince of Portugal
1582–98
Succeeded by
Anne








v
t
e


Monarchs of Spain









Charles I
Philip II
Philip III
Philip IV
Charles II
Philip V
Louis I
Philip V
Ferdinand VI
Charles III
Charles IV
Ferdinand VII
Joseph I
Ferdinand VII
Isabel II
Amadeo I
Alfonso XII
Alfonso XIII
Juan Carlos I
Felipe VI















v
t
e


Spanish Empire








Timeline






Catholic Monarchs
Habsburgs
Golden Age
Encomiendas
New Laws in favour of the indigenous
Expulsion of the Moriscos
Eighty Years' War
Portuguese Restoration War
Bourbons
Napoleonic invasion
Independence of Spanish continental Americas
Liberal constitution
Carlist Wars
Spanish–American War
German–Spanish Treaty (1899)
Spanish Civil War
Independence of Morocco (Western Sahara conflict)













Territories






Kingdoms of Naples, Sicily and Sardinia
Milan
Union with Holy Roman Empire
Netherlands
Franche-Comté
Portugal
Philippines
East Pacific (Guam, Mariana, Caroline, Palau, Marshall, Micronesia, Moluccas)
Northern Taiwan
Tidore
Florida
New Spain (Western United States, Mexico, Central America, Spanish Caribbean)
Spanish Louisiana
Coastal Alaska
Haiti
Belize
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago
Venezuela, Northern and Western Guyana
New Granada (Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, a northernmost portion of Brazilian Amazon)
Peru (Peru, Acre)
Río de la Plata (Argentina, Paraguay, Charcas (Bolivia), Banda Oriental (Uruguay), Falkland Islands)
Chile
Equatorial Guinea
Spanish North Africa (Ifni, Cape Juby, Spanish Morocco and Western Sahara)













Administration






Council of the Indies
Cabildo
Trial of residence
Laws of the Indies
Royal Decree of Graces
Exequatur
Papal bull
School of Salamanca













Administrative subdivisions







Viceroyalties



New Spain
New Granada
Perú
Río de la Plata





Audiencias



Bogotá
Buenos Aires
Caracas
Charcas
Concepción
Cusco
Guadalajara
Guatemala
Lima
Manila
Mexico
Panamá
Quito
Santiago
Santo Domingo





Captaincies General



Chile
Cuba
Guatemala
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Santo Domingo
Venezuela
Yucatán
Provincias Internas





Governorates



Castilla de Oro
Cuba
New Andalusia (1501–1513)
New Andalusia
New Castile
New Toledo
Paraguay
Río de la Plata
















Economy







Currencies



Dollar
Real
Maravedí
Escudo
Columnario





Trade



Manila galleon
Spanish treasure fleet
Casa de Contratación
Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
















Military







Armies



Tercio
Army of Flanders
Spanish Armada
Indian auxiliaries
Legión





Warriors



Duke of Alba
Antonio de Leyva
Martín de Goiti
Alfonso d'Avalos
García de Toledo Osorio
Duke of Savoy
Álvaro de Bazán the Elder
John of Austria
Charles Bonaventure de Longueval
Pedro de Zubiaur
Ambrosio Spinola
Bernardo de Gálvez





Sailors



Christopher Columbus
Pinzón brothers
Ferdinand Magellan
Juan Sebastián Elcano
Juan de la Cosa
Juan Ponce de León
Miguel López de Legazpi
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Sebastián de Ocampo
Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
Alonso de Ojeda
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Alonso de Salazar
Andrés de Urdaneta
Antonio de Ulloa
Ruy López de Villalobos
Diego Columbus
Alonso de Ercilla
Nicolás de Ovando
Juan de Ayala
Sebastián Vizcaíno
Juan Fernández
Felipe González de Ahedo





Conquistadors



Hernán Cortés
Francisco Pizarro
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
Hernán Pérez de Quesada
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Pedro de Valdivia
Pedro de Alvarado
Martín de Ursúa
Diego de Almagro
Pánfilo de Narváez
Diego de Mazariegos
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera





Battles




Old World




Won



Bicocca
Landriano
Pavia
Tunis
Mühlberg
St. Quentin
Gravelines
Malta
Lepanto
Antwerp
Azores
Siege of Mons
Gembloux
Siege of Ostend
English Armada
Cape Celidonia
White Mountain
Siege of Breda
Nördlingen
Valenciennes
Siege of Ceuta
Bitonto
Bailén
Vitoria
Tetouan
Alhucemas





Lost



Capo d'Orso
Preveza
Siege of Castelnuovo
Algiers
Ceresole
Djerba
Tunis
Spanish Armada
Leiden
Rocroi
Downs
Passaro
Trafalgar
Somosierra
Annual








New World




Won



Siege of Tenochtitlan
Cajamarca
Cuzco
Bogotá savanna
Reynogüelén
Penco
Guadalupe Island
San Juan
Cartagena de Indias
Cuerno Verde
Pensacola





Lost



La Noche Triste
Tucapel
Chacabuco
Carabobo
Ayacucho
Guam
Santiago de Cuba
Manila Bay
Asomante






















Spanish colonizations






Canary Islands
Aztec
Maya

Chiapas
Yucatán
Guatemala
Petén


El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Chibchan Nations
Colombia
Peru
Chile













Other civil topics






Spanish missions in the Americas
Architecture
Mesoamerican codices
Cusco painting tradition
Indochristian painting in New Spain
Quito painting tradition
Colonial universities in Latin America
Colonial universities in the Philippines
General Archive of the Indies
Colonial Spanish Horse
Castas
Old inquisition
Slavery in Spanish Empire
British and American slaves granted their freedom by Spain















v
t
e


Monarchs of Portugal



House of Burgundy (1139–1383)



Afonso I
Sancho I
Afonso II
Sancho II
Afonso III
Dinis I
Afonso IV
Pedro I
Fernando I
Beatriz I








House of Aviz (1385–1580)



João I
Duarte I
Afonso V
João II
Manuel I
João III
Sebastião I
Henrique I
António I





House of Habsburg (1581–1640)



Filipe I
Filipe II
Filipe III





House of Braganza (1640–1910)



João IV
Afonso VI
Pedro II
João V
José I
Maria I with Pedro III
João VI
Pedro IV
Maria II
Miguel I
Maria II with Fernando II
Pedro V
Luís I
Carlos I
Manuel II






Debatable or disputed rulers are in italics.










v
t
e


Infantes of Spain




The generations indicate descent from Carlos I, under whom the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united, forming the Kingdom of Spain. Previously, the title Infante had been largely used in the different realms.



1st generation



Felipe II
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan
Infante João





2nd generation



Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Fernando, Prince of Asturias
Infante Carlos Lorenzo
Diego, Prince of Asturias
Felipe III





3rd generation



Felipe IV
Infante Carlos
Infante Fernando
Infante Alfonso Mauricio





4th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Felipe Próspero, Prince of Asturias
Infante Fernando Tomás
Carlos II





5th generation



None





6th generation



None





7th generation



Luis I
Infante Felipe
Infante Felipe Pedro
Fernando VI
Carlos III
Felipe, Duke of Parma
Infante Luis, Count of Chinchón





8th generation



Infante Felipe, Duke of Calabria
Carlos IV
Fernando I of the Two Sicilies
Infante Gabriel
Infante Antonio Pascual
Infante Francisco Javier
Fernando, Duke of Parma 1





9th generation



Infante Carlos Clemente
Infante Carlos Domingo
Infante Carlos Francisco de Paula
Infante Felipe Francisco de Paula
Fernando VII
Infante Carlos, Count of Molina
Infante Felipe María
Infante Francisco de Paula
Infante Pedro Carlos, Infante of Portugal 1
Infante Carlos1
Luis I of Etruria 2





10th generation



Infante Antonio, Duke of Montpensier 2
Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin 1
Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1
Infante Fernando1
Infante Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz1
Francisco de Asís, King consort of Spain 1
Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville 1
Infante Eduardo Felipe 1
Infante Fernando María1
Infante Sebastián, Infante of Portugal 1
Carlos II, Duke of Parma 1





11th generation



Infante Fernando
Infante Francisco de Asís
Alfonso XII
Infante Francisco de Asís
Infante Gaetan, Count of Girgenti 2
Infante Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Fernando of Orléans 1
Infante Felipe of Orleans1
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis of Orleans1
Carlos III, Duke of Parma 1





12th generation



Infante Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies 2
Infante Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis Fernando of Orléans 1
Roberto I, Duke of Parma 1





13th generation



Alfonso, Prince of Asturias
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona
Infante Gonzalo
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria 1
Infante Fernando of Bourbon-Two Sicilies1
Infante Luis Alfonso of Bavaria 1
Infante José Eugenio of Bavaria 1
Infante Alvaro, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Afonso of Orléans 1
Infante Ataúlfo of Orléans 1





14th generation



Juan Carlos I
Infante Alfonso
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria 1





15th generation



Felipe VI





16th generation



None








1 title granted by Royal Decree
2 consort to an Infanta naturalized as a Spanish Infante












v
t
e


Infantes of Portugal




The generations indicate descent from Afonso I, and continues through the House of Aviz, the House of Habsburg through Infanta Isabel, Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, and the House of Braganza through Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza.



1st generation



Infante Henrique
Sancho I
Infante João





2nd generation



Afonso II
Infante Raimundo
Infante Pedro, Count of Urgell
Infante Fernando, Count of Flanders
Infante Henrique





3rd generation



Sancho II
Afonso III
Infante Fernando, Lord of Serpa





4th generation



Infante Fernando
Dinis I
Infante Afonso, Lord of Portalegre
Infante Vicente





5th generation



Afonso IV
Infante Afonso, Lord of Leiria





6th generation



Infante Afonso
Infante Dinis
Pedro I
Infante João





7th generation



Infante Luís
Fernando I
Infante Afonso
Infante João, Duke of Valencia de Campos
Infante Dinis, Lord of Cifuentes





8th generation



Infante Pedro
Infante Afonso (1382)
Infante Afonso (1390–1400)
Duarte I
Infante Pedro, Duke of Coimbra
Infante Henrique, Duke of Viseu
Infante João, Constable of Portugal
Infante Fernando





9th generation



Infante João
Afonso V
Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte
Infante Pedro, Constable of Portugal
Infante João, Prince of Antioch
Cardinal-Infante Jaime of Coimbra
Infante Diogo, Constable of Portugal





10th generation



João, Prince of Portugal
João II
Infante João, Duke of Viseu
Infante Diogo, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte of Viseu
Infante Dinis of Viseu
Infante Simão of Viseu
Infante Afonso of Viseu
Manuel I





11th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Infante João
Miguel da Paz, Prince of Portugal and Asturias*
João III
Infante Luís, Duke of Beja
Infante Fernando, Duke of Guarda
Cardinal-Infante Afonso
Henrique I (The Cardinal-King)
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães
Infante António
Infante Carlos





12th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Filipe, Prince of Portugal
Infante Dinis
João Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Infante António
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães





13th generation



Sebastião I
Carlos, Prince of Asturias§#
Diogo, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Filipe II§#
Manuel, Hereditary Prince of Portugalƒ





14th generation



Filipe III§#
Infante Carlos§#
Cardinal-Infante Fernando§#
Infante Alfonso Mauricio§#





15th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Infante Francisco Fernando§#
Teodósio, Prince of Brazil
Afonso VI
Pedro II





16th generation



João, Prince of Brazil
João V
Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja
Infante António
Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém





17th generation



Pedro, Prince of Brazil
José I
Infante Carlos
Pedro III
Infante Alexandre





18th generation



None





19th generation



José, Prince of Brazil
Infante João (1762)
Infante João Francisco
João VI





20th generation



Francisco António, Prince of Beira
Pedro I of Brazil & IV of Portugal
Miguel I
Infante Pedro Carlos§





21st generation



Miguel, Prince of Beira
João Carlos, Prince of Beira
Infante Miguel, Duke of Braganza
Infante Sebastião§





22nd generation



Pedro V¶
Luís I¶
Infante João, Duke of Beja¶
Infante Fernando¶
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra¶
Infante Leopoldo¶
Infante Eugénio¶
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Francisco José
Infante Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza





23rd generation



Carlos I¶
Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto¶
Infante Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra





24th generation



Luís Filipe, Prince Royal¶
Manuel II¶
Afonso, Prince of Beira
Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto






* also an infante of Castile and León, Aragon, Sicily and Naples,  § also an infante of Spain,  # also an archduke of Austria,  ‡ also an imperial prince of Brazil,  ¶ also a prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony  ƒ claimant infante










v
t
e


Princes and Princesses of Asturias






Leonor (2014–present)













Henry (1388–90)
Maria (1402–05)
John (1405–06)
Catherine (1423–24)
Eleanor (1424–25)
Henry (1425–54)
Joanna (1462–64)
Alfonso (1464–68)
Isabella (1468–70)
Isabella (1470–78)
John (1478–97)
Isabella (1497–98)
Michael (1498–1500)
Joanna (1502–04)
Charles (1504–16)
Philip (1527–56)
Charles (1556–68)
Ferdinand (1571–78)
Diego (1578–82)
Philip (1582–98)
Philip (1605–21)
Balthasar Charles (1629–1646)
Philip Prospero (1657–1661)
Charles (1661–1665)
Louis (1709–24)
Ferdinand (1724–46)
Charles (1759–88)
Ferdinand (1788–1808)
Isabella (1830–33)
Isabella (1851–57)
Alfonso (1857–68)
Emanuele Filiberto (1871–73)
Isabella (1875–80)
Mercedes (1881–1904)
Alfonso (1907–38)
Felipe (1977–2014)
Leonor (2014– )












v
t
e


Austrian archdukes



1st generation



Frederick V
Albert VI
Sigismund





2nd generation



Cristopher
Maximilian I
John
Wolfgang





3rd generation



Philip I of Castile
Archduke Francis





4th generation



Charles I
Ferdinand I





5th generation



Philip II of Spain*
Maximilian II
Ferdinand II
Ferdinand*
John*
John
Ferdinand*
Charles II





6th generation



Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Rudolf V
Ernest
Matthias
Maximilian III
Albert VII
Wenzel
Frederick
Charles
Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Carlos Lorenzo*
Diego, Prince of Asturias*
Philip III of Spain*
Ferdinand III
Charles
Maximilian Ernest
Leopold V
Archduke Charles





7th generation



Charles
Philip IV of Spain*
Philipp
John-Charles
Albert
Charles*
Ferdinand IV
Ferdinand*
Alfonso Mauricio
Leopold Wilhelm
Ferdinand Charles
Sigismund Francis





8th generation



Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand IV of Hungary
Francisco Fernando*
Philip August
Maximilian Thomas
Leopold VI
Charles Joseph
Ferdinand Joseph Alois
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand Thomas*
Charles II of Spain*





9th generation



Ferdinand Wenzel
John Leopold
Joseph I
Leopold Joseph
Charles III





10th generation



Leopold Joseph
Leopold John





11th generation



Joseph II**
Charles Louis**
Leopold VII**
Ferdinand**
Maximilian Franz, Archbishop-Elector of Cologne**





12th generation



Emperor Francis I**
Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Charles, Duke of Teschen**
Alexander Leopold, Palatine of Hungary**
Joseph, Palatine of Hungary**
Anton Victor**
John**
Rainer Joseph**
Archduke Louis**
Cardinal-Archduke Rudolf**
Joseph Franz***
Francis IV, Duke of Modena***
Ferdinand Karl Joseph***
Maximilian***
Karl, Primate of Hungary***





13th generation



Emperor Ferdinand I
Francis Leopold, Grand Prince of Tuscany**
Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Joseph Franz
Franz Karl
Johann Nepomuk
Albert, Duke of Teschen
Stephen, Palatine of Hungary
Karl Ferdinand
Francis V, Duke of Modena***
Frederick Ferdinand
Ferdinand Karl Viktor***
Archduke Rudolf
Leopold Ludwig
Ernest
Alexander
Sigismund Leopold
Rainer Ferdinand
Wilhelm Franz
Heinrich Anton
Maximilian Karl
Joseph Karl





14th generation



Emperor Franz Joseph I
Maximilian I of Mexico
Karl Ludwig
Ludwig Viktor
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Karl Salvator**
Rainier**
Ludwig Salvator**
John Salvator**
Karl
Franz Joseph
Friedrich, Duke of Teschen
Charles Stephen
Eugen
Joseph August
Archduke Ladislaus





15th generation



Crown Prince Rudolf
Franz Ferdinand***
Otto Francis
Ferdinand Karl
Leopold Ferdinand**
Josef Ferdinand**
Peter Ferdinand**
Heinrich Ferdinand**
Robert Ferdinand**
Leopold Salvator**
Franz Salvator**
Archduke Albrecht Salvator**
Archduke Rainier Salvator**
Archduke Ferdinand Salvator**
Albrecht Franz, Duke of Teschen
Karl Albrecht
Leo Karl
Wilhelm
Joseph Francis
Archduke Ladislaus Joseph
Archduke Matthias





16th generation



Emperor Charles I
Maximilian Eugen
Habsburg - Tuscany :
Archduke Gottfried**
Georg**
Rainer**
Leopold Maria**
Anton**
Franz Joseph**
Karl Pius**
Franz Karl**
Hubert Salvator**
Theodor Salvator**
Clemens Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Árpád
Archduke Itsván
Géza
Michael Koloman





17th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Crown Prince Otto
Robert***
Felix
Carl Ludwig
Rudolf
Descent of Maximilian :
Ferdinand Karl
Heinrich Maria
Tuscany :
Leopold Franz**
Guntram**
Radbot**
Johann**
Georg**
Stephan**
Dominic**
Friederich Salvator**
Andreas Salvator**
Markus**
Johann**
Michael**
Franz Salvator**
Karl Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Karl
Andreas Agustinus
Nicholas Franz
Johann Jacob
Edward Karl
Paul Rudolf





18th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Karl
Georg
Lorenz***
Gerhard***
Martin***
Karl Philipp
Raimund Joseph
Itsván
Rudolf
Carl Christian
Karl Peter
Simeon
Johannes
Descent of Maximilian :
Maximilian Heinrich
Philipp Joachim
Ferdinand Karl
Konrad
Tuscany :
Sigismund**
Georg**
Guntram**
Leopold**
Alexander Salvator**
Thaddäus Salvator**
Casimir Salvator**
Matthias**
Johannes**
Bernhard**
Benedikt**
Palatines :
Joseph Albrecht (1994–)
Paul Leo (1996–)
Friedrich Cyprian (1995–)
Pierre (1997–)
Benedikt Alexander (2005–)
Nicolás (2003–)
Santiago (2006–)
Johannes (2010–)
Paul Benedikt (2000–)





19th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Ferdinand Zvonimir
Karl Konstantin
Amedeo***
Joachim***
Bartholomaeus***
Emmanuel***
Luigi***
Felix Carl
Andreas Franz
Paul Johannes
Carl Christian
Johannes
Thomas
Franz Ludwig
Michael
Joseph
Imre
Christoph
Alexander
Lorenz Carl
Johannes
Ludwig
Philipp
Descent of Maximilian :
Nicholas
Constantin
Jacob Maximilian
Tuscany :
Leopold Amedeo**
Maximilian**
Leopold**
Constantin Salvator**
Paul Salvator**








*also an infante of Spain
** also a prince of Tuscany
*** also a prince of Modena









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 88888342
LCCN: n85049399
ISNI: 0000 0001 2142 6201
GND: 118593846
SUDOC: 061144436
BNF: cb12240811g (data)
ULAN: 500354067
NDL: 001197529
RKD: 441266










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_III_of_Spain&oldid=790471529"					
Categories: Spanish monarchsPhilippine dynasty1578 births1621 deathsSpanish Baroque peoplePortuguese monarchsRoman Catholic monarchsSpanish people of the Eighty Years' WarPeople of the Anglo-Spanish War (1585–1604)Nobility from MadridKings of SicilyPrinces of AsturiasPrinces of GironaDukes of MontblancCounts of CerveraLords of BalaguerPrinces of PortugalSpanish infantesPortuguese infantesDukes of MilanKnights of SantiagoKnights of the Golden FleeceBurials in the Pantheon of Kings at El EscorialGrand Masters of the Order of the Golden Fleece16th-century Portuguese monarchs17th-century Portuguese monarchs16th-century Spanish people17th-century Spanish peopleHidden categories: Articles containing Spanish-language textArticles containing Portuguese-language textWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSicilianuSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWest-Vlams吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 23:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Dr. Phillip Louis "Phil" Gomez , III, SIGA Technologies, Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Dr. Phillip Louis "Phil" Gomez , III 
Chief Executive OfficerSIGA Technologies, Inc.
Telephone, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 2

Career History includes:
Partner, Pharma and Life Sciences Management Consulting,  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,  ,  
(1 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Health Focus Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Philip III of Spain - Wikipedia






















 






Philip III of Spain

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Phillip III King of Spain)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip III



Philip III by Diego Velázquez (1627)






King of Spain





King of Portugal and the Algarves
1598–1621


King of Naples
1598–1621


King of Sicily
1598–1621


King of Sardinia
1598–1621


Duke of Milan
1598–1621






(more...)


Reign
13 September 1598 – 31 March 1621


Predecessor
Philip II


Successor
Philip IV







Born
(1578-04-12)12 April 1578
Madrid, Spain


Died
31 March 1621(1621-03-31) (aged 42)
Madrid, Spain


Burial
El Escorial


Spouse
Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; her d. 1611)


Issue



Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Charles of Spain
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand





House
Habsburg


Father
Philip II of Spain


Mother
Anna of Austria


Religion
Roman Catholicism


Signature





House of Habsburg
Spanish line









Emperor Charles V
(King Charles I)




Children
Philip II of Spain
Maria, Holy Roman Empress
Joan of Spain
Don John (illegitimate)
Margaret of Parma (illegitimate)




Philip II




Children include
Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Isabella of Spain
Catherine, Duchess of Savoy
Philip III of Spain
Maria of Spain




Philip III




Children include
Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Ana, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Carlos
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand




Philip IV




Children include
Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias
Maria Theresa, Queen of France
Margaret, Holy Roman Empress
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias
Charles II of Spain




Charles II





v
t
e





Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III; 14 April 1578 – 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II). A member of the House of Habsburg, Philip III was born in Madrid to King Philip II of Spain and his fourth wife and niece Anna, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II and Maria of Spain. Philip III later married his cousin Margaret of Austria, sister of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Although also known in Spain as Philip the Pious,[1] Philip's political reputation abroad has been largely negative – an 'undistinguished and insignificant man,' a 'miserable monarch,' whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice,' to quote historians C. V. Wedgwood, R. Stradling and J. H. Elliott.[2] In particular, Philip's reliance on his corrupt chief minister, the Duke of Lerma, drew much criticism at the time and afterwards. For many, the decline of Spain can be dated to the economic difficulties that set in during the early years of his reign. Nonetheless, as the ruler of the Spanish Empire at its height and as the king who achieved a temporary peace with the Dutch (1609–1621) and brought Spain into the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) through an (initially) extremely successful campaign, Philip's reign remains a critical period in Spanish history.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Religion, Philip and the role of women at court
3 Style of government

3.1 Duke of Lerma as valido
3.2 Imperial proconsuls
3.3 Fall of Lerma


4 Domestic policy

4.1 Expulsion of the Moriscos
4.2 Economic decline and failed reform


5 Foreign policy

5.1 War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21
5.2 Entry to the Thirty Years' War


6 Legacy
7 Titles and style
8 Ancestry
9 Family
10 Further information
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 Further reading



Early life[edit]
After Philip III's older brother Don Carlos died insane, Philip II had concluded that one of the causes of Carlos' condition had been the influence of the warring factions at the Spanish court.[3] He believed that Carlos' education and upbringing had been badly affected by this, resulting in his lunacy and disobedience, and accordingly he set out to pay much greater attention to arrangements for his later sons.[3] Philip II appointed Juan de Zúñiga, then Prince Diego's governor, to continue this role for Philip, and chose García de Loaysa as his tutor.[3] They were joined by Cristóbal de Moura, a close supporter of Philip II. In combination, Philip believed, they would provide a consistent, stable upbringing for Prince Philip, and ensure he avoided the same fate as Carlos.[4] Philip's education was to follow the model for royal princes laid down by Father Juan de Mariana, focusing on the imposition of restraints and encouragement to form the personality of the individual at an early age, aiming to deliver a king who was neither tyrannical nor excessively under the influence of his courtiers.[4]
Prince Philip appears to have been generally liked by his contemporaries: 'dynamic, good-natured and earnest,' suitably pious, having a 'lively body and a peaceful disposition,' albeit with a relatively weak constitution.[5] The comparison with the memory of the disobedient and ultimately insane Carlos was usually a positive one, although some commented that Prince Philip appeared less intelligent and politically competent than his late brother.[5] Indeed, although Philip was educated in Latin, French, Portuguese and astronomy, and appears to have been a competent linguist,[4] recent historians suspect that much of his tutors' focus on Philip's undeniably pleasant, pious and respectful disposition was to avoid reporting that, languages aside, he was not in fact particularly intelligent or academically gifted.[6] Nonetheless, Philip does not appear to have been naive – his correspondence to his daughters shows a distinctive cautious streak in his advice on dealing with court intrigue.[7]
Philip first met the Marquis of Denia – the future Duke of Lerma – then, a gentleman of the King's chamber, in his early teens.[6] Lerma and Philip became close friends, but Lerma was considered unsuitable by the King and Philip's tutors. Lerma was dispatched to Valencia as a Viceroy in 1595, with the aim of removing Philip from his influence;[6] but after Lerma pleaded poor health, he was allowed to return two years later. By now in poor health himself, King Philip II was becoming increasingly concerned over the prince's future, and he attempted to establish de Moura as a future, trusted advisor to his son, reinforcing de Loaysa's position by appointing him archbishop.[8] The prince received a new, conservative Dominican confessor.[8] The following year, Philip II died after a painful illness, leaving the Spanish Empire to his son (and grandnephew), King Philip III.
Religion, Philip and the role of women at court[edit]
Philip married his cousin, Margaret of Austria, in 1599, a year after becoming king. Margaret, the sister of the future Emperor Ferdinand II, would be one of three women at Philip's court who would apply considerable influence over the king.[9] Margaret was considered by contemporaries to be extremely pious – in some cases, excessively pious, and too influenced by the Church[10] – 'astute and very skillful' in her political dealings,[11] although 'melancholic' and unhappy over the influence of the Duke of Lerma over her husband at court.[10] Margaret continued to fight an ongoing battle with Lerma for influence up until her death in 1611. Philip had an 'affectionate, close relationship' with Margaret,[12] and paid her additional attention after she bore him a son in 1605.[12]
Margaret, alongside Philip's grandmother/aunt, Empress Maria – the Austrian representative to the Spanish court – and Margaret of the Cross, Maria's daughter – formed a powerful, uncompromising Catholic and pro-Austrian voice within Philip's life.[9] They were successful, for example, in convincing Philip to provide financial support to Ferdinand from 1600 onwards.[12] Philip steadily acquired other religious advisors. Father Juan de Santa Maria – confessor to Philip's daughter, doña Maria, was felt by contemporaries to have an excessive influence over Philip at the end of his life,[13] and both he and Luis de Aliaga, Philip's own confessor, were credited with influencing the overthrow of Lerma in 1618. Similarly Mariana de San Jose, a favoured nun of Queen Margaret's, was also criticised for her later influence over the King's actions.[13]
Style of government[edit]




Philip III of Spain


The Spanish crown at the time ruled through a system of royal councils. The most significant of these were the Councils of State and its subordinate Council for War, that were in turn supported by the seven professional councils for the different regions, and four specialised councils for the Inquisition, the Military Orders, Finance and the Crusade tax.[14] These councils were then supplemented by small committees, or juntas, as necessary, such as the 'junta of the night' through which Philip II exercised personal authority towards the end of his reign.[15] As a matter of policy, Philip had tried to avoid appointing grandees to major positions of power within his government and relied heavily on the lesser nobles, the so-called 'service' nobility.[15] Philip II had taken the traditional system of councils and applied a high degree of personal scrutiny to them, especially in matters of paperwork, which he declined to delegate – the result was a 'ponderous' process.[16] To his contemporaries, the degree of personal oversight he exercised was excessive; his 'self-imposed role as the chief clerk to the Spanish empire'[17] was not thought entirely appropriate. Philip first started to become engaged in practical government at the age of 15, when he joined Philip II's private committee.[5]
Philip III's approach to government appears to have stemmed from three main drivers. Firstly, he was heavily influenced by the eirenic ideas being circulated in Italian circles in reaction to the new Humanist theories of governance, typified by Machiavelli.[18] Writers such as Girolamo Frachetta, who became a particular favourite of Philip, had propagated a conservative definition of 'reason of state' which centred on exercising a princely prudence and a strict obedience to the laws and customs of the country that one ruled.[19] Secondly, Philip may have shared Lerma's view that the governmental system of Philip II was fast proving impractical and unnecessarily excluded the great nobles of the kingdoms – it had been creaking badly in the last decades of his father's life.[20] Lastly, Philip's own personality and his friendship with Lerma heavily shaped his approach to policy-making. The result was a radical shift in the role of the crown in government from the model of Philip II.
Duke of Lerma as valido[edit]




Francisco Goméz de Sandoval y Rojas, Duke of Lerma, Spanish statesman


Within a few hours of Philip ascending to the throne, Lerma had been made a royal counsellor by the new king and set about establishing himself as a fully fledged valido, or royal favourite.[21] Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king. All the business of government, Philip instructed, was to arrive in writing and be channeled through Lerma before reaching him.[22] Whilst Philip was not hugely active in government in other ways, once these memoranda, or consulta, had reached him he appears to have been assiduous in commenting on them.[23] Debates in royal councils would now only begin upon the written instruction of the king – again, through Lerma.[24] All members of royal councils were under orders to maintain complete transparency with Lerma as the king's personal representative;[24] indeed, in 1612 the councils were ordered by Philip to obey Lerma as if he were the king.[23] The degree to which Lerma himself played an active role in government has been disputed. Contemporaries were inclined to see Lerma's hand in every action of government; others have since thought Lerma to have 'neither the temperament nor the energy' to impose himself greatly on the actions of government;[25] still others consider Lerma to have carefully attended only those Councils of State that addressed matters of great importance to the king,[26] creating a space for the wider professionalisation of government that had been lacking under Philip II.[27]
This new system of government became increasingly unpopular very quickly. The novel idea of a valido exercising power went against the long-standing popular conception that the king should exercise his powers personally, not through another.[28] Before long, the apparatus of the Spanish government was packed with Lerma's relatives, Lerma's servants and Lerma's political friends, to the exclusion of others.[29] Lerma responded by further limiting his public visibility in politics, avoiding signing and writing documents personally,[30] and constantly stressing that he was, humbly, only working on behalf of his master, Philip III.
Imperial proconsuls[edit]
De Lerma's role as royal favourite at court was further complicated by the rise of various 'proconsuls' under Philip III's reign – significant Spanish representatives overseas, who came to exercise independent judgement and even independent policies in the absence of strong leadership from the centre.[31] The challenges to government communication during the period encouraged aspects of this, but the phenomenon was much more marked under Philip III than under either the reign of his father or son.




Ambrosio Spinola, one of Philip III's various imperial proconsuls, by Peter Paul Rubens.


In the Netherlands, Philip II had bequeathed his remaining territories in the Low Countries to his daughter Isabella of Spain and her husband, Archduke Albert, under the condition that if she died without heirs, the province would return to the Spanish Crown. Given that Isabella was notoriously childless, it was clear that this was only intended to be a temporary measure, and that Philip II had envisaged an early revision to Philip III.[32] As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.[33] Meanwhile, the Italian-born Ambrosio Spinola was to perform a crucial role as a Spanish general in the Army of Flanders. Having demonstrated his military prowess at the siege of Ostend in 1603, Spinola rapidly started to propose and implement policies almost independently of the central councils in Madrid,[34] somehow managing to achieve military victories even without central funding from Spain.[35] De Lerma was uncertain of how to deal with Spinola; on the one hand, de Lerma desperately needed a successful military commander in the Netherlands – on the other, de Lerma was contemptuous of Spinola's relatively low origins and scared of his potential to destabilise de Lerma at court.[36] In the years leading to the outbreak of war in 1618, Spinola was working to produce a plan to finally defeat the Dutch, involving an intervention in the Rhineland followed by fresh hostilities aiming to cut the Low Countries in two: portrayed at the time as the 'spider in the web' of Catholic politics in the region, Spinola was operating without significant consultation with Philip in Madrid.[37]
In Italy, a parallel situation emerged. The Count of Fuentes, as governor of Lombardy, exploited the lack of guidance from Madrid to pursue his own highly interventionist policy across north Italy, including making independent offers to support the Papacy by invading the Venetian Republic in 1607.[38] Fuentes remained in power and pursuing his own policies until his death. The Marquis of Villafranca, as governor of Milan, similarly exercised his own considerable judgement on foreign policy. The Duke of Osuna, who had married into the Sandovel family as a close ally of Lerma, again showed significant independence as the Viceroy of Naples towards the end of Philip's reign. In conjunction with the Spanish ambassador to Venice, the influential Marquis of Bedmar, Osuna pursued a policy of raising an extensive army, intercepting Venetian shipping and imposing sufficiently high taxes that threats of a revolt began to emerge. To exacerbate matters, Osuna was found to have prevented the local Neapolitans from petitioning Philip III to complain.[39] Osuna fell from power only when de Lerma had lost his royal favour, and Osuna's negative impact on Philip's plans for intervention in Germany had become intolerable.[39]
Fall of Lerma[edit]




Rodrigo Calderón, executed by Philip III to satisfy the Duke of Lerma's enemies, painted by Peter Paul Rubens.


From 1612 onwards, and certainly by 1617, the Lerma administration was crumbling. The monopoly of power in the hands of the Lerma's Sandoval family had generated numerous enemies; Lerma's personal enrichment in office had become a scandal; Lerma's extravagant spending and personal debts was beginning to alarm his own son, Cristóbal de Sandoval, Duke of Uceda; lastly, ten years of quiet diplomacy by Fathers Luis de Aliaga, Philip's confessor, and Juan de Santa Maria, Philip's daughter's confessor and a former client of Queen Margaret,[13] had begun to apply personal and religious pressure on the king to alter his method of government.[40] Philip remained close to Lerma, however, and supported him in becoming a cardinal in March 1618 under Pope Paul V, a position which would offer Lerma some protection as his government collapsed.
Lerma fell to an alliance of interests – Uceda, his son, led the attack, aiming to protect his future interests, allied with Don Baltasar de Zúñiga, a well-connected noble with a background in diplomacy across Europe, whose nephew, Olivares was close to the heir to the throne, Prince Philip. Lerma departed for his ducal seat, and for six weeks Philip did nothing; then, in October, Philip signed a decree renouncing the powers of his former valido, and announcing that he would rule in person.[40] Uceda initially took over as the primary voice at court, but without his father's extensive powers, whilst De Zúñiga became Philip's minister for foreign and military affairs. Philip, whilst unwilling to move further against Lerma, took politically symbolic action against Lerma's former secretary Rodrigo Calderón, a figure emblematic of the former administration. Calderón, suspected of having killed Philip's wife Queen Margaret by witchcraft in 1611, was ultimately tortured and then executed by Philip for the more plausible murder of the soldier Francisco de Juaras.[41]
Domestic policy[edit]




Philip III of Spain


Philip inherited an empire considerably enlarged by his father. On the peninsula itself, Philip II had successfully acquired Portugal in 1580; across Europe, despite the ongoing Dutch revolt, Spanish possessions in Italy and along the Spanish Road appeared secure; globally, the combination of Castilian and Portuguese colonial territories gave a Spanish ruler unparalleled reach from the Americas to the Philippines and beyond through India to Africa.[42] The challenge for such a ruler was that these territories were in legal reality separate bodies, different entities bound together through the 'supraterritorial' royal institutions of the Spanish crown, utilising Castilian nobility as a ruling caste.[43] Even within the peninsula itself, Philip would rule through the kingdoms of Castile, Aragon, Valencia and Portugal, the autonomous provinces of Catalonia and Andalusia – all only loosely joined together through the institution of the Castile monarchy and the person of Philip III.[44] Each part had different taxation, privileges and military arrangements; in practice, the level of taxation in many of the more peripheral provinces was less than in Castile, but the privileged position of the Castilian nobility at all senior levels of royal appointment was a contentious issue for the less favoured provinces.
Expulsion of the Moriscos[edit]
Main article: Expulsion of the Moriscos
One of Philip's first domestic changes was the issuing of a decree in 1609 for the expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain, timed to coincide with the declaration of a truce in the war for the Netherlands.[45] The Moriscos were the descendants of those Muslims that had converted to Christianity during the Reconquista of the previous centuries; despite their conversion, they retained a distinctive culture, including many Islamic practices.[46] Philip II had made the elimination of the Morisco threat a key part of his domestic strategy in the south, attempting an assimilation campaign in the 1560s, which had resulted in the revolt that concluded in 1570.[47] In the final years of his rule, Philip's father had reinvigorated efforts to convert and assimilate the Moriscos, but with almost 200,000 in the south of Spain alone, it was clear by the early years of the new century that this policy was failing.[46]




Expulsion of the Moriscos at the port of Dénia, by Vincente Mostre.


The idea of completely cleansing Spain of the Moriscos was proposed by Juan de Ribera, the Archbishop and Viceroy of Valencia, whose views were influential with Philip III. Philip's eventual decree to eliminate this 'evil sect'[48] in 1609 was a popular move – the Moriscos were accused of collaborating with the Barbary Pirates to attack the coast, whilst their religion and distinct culture made them unpopular with Christians in Spain, especially in Valencia. Financially, the royal treasury stood to gain by seizing the assets of the removed peoples, whilst in due course those close to the crown would benefit from cheap land or gifts of estates. Other writers have emphasised the continuing 'anxiety and fear' that surrounded the Morisco presence in Spain, and the role this played in encouraging the expulsion.[49] Estimates vary slightly, but between around 275,000[46] to over 300,000[48] Moriscos were forced out of Spain between 1609 and 1614. To accomplish this, the armada, or navy, and 30,000 soldiers were mobilized with the mission of transporting the families to Tunis or Morocco. Philip intervened in the problematic decision of what to do with Morisco children – should they be allowed to take them to Islamic countries, where they would be brought up as Muslims – and if they were to remain in Spain, what should be done with them? Philip paternalistically decreed that Morisco children under the age of seven could not be taken to Islamic countries, but that any children remaining in Valencia should be free from the threat of enslavement,[50] and rejected some of Ribera's more extreme suggestions.[51]
Whilst popular at the time, and in keeping with earlier policies, this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia, Aragon, and Murcia. The supply of cheap labour and the number of rent paying property owners in these areas decreased considerably, as did agricultural outputs.[52] The cultivation of sugarcane and rice had to be substituted for white mulberry, vineyards, and wheat.
Economic decline and failed reform[edit]




Mateo Alemán, an early modern novelist who recorded the terrible 'plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to cripple Philip III's domestic economy.


Philip III's reign was marked by significant economic problems across Spain. Famine struck during the 1590s through a sequence of bad harvests, whilst from 1599 to 1600 and for several years afterwards there was a terrible outbreak of bubonic plague across Spain, killing over 10% of the population.[53] Mateo Alemán, one of the first modern novelists in Europe, captured the despondent mood of the period, describing 'the plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to grip the country.[54] Whilst the failing harvests affected the rural areas most, the plagues reduced the urban population most significantly, in turn reducing the demand for manufactured goods and undermining the economy further.[55] The result was an economically weakened Spain with a rapidly falling population.
Financially, Philip's situation did not appear much better. He had inherited huge debts from his father, Philip II, and an unhelpful tradition that the kingdom of Castile bore the brunt of royal taxation – Castile carried 65% of total imperial costs by 1616.[56] Philip III received no money from the cortes, or parliaments, of Aragon, the Basque provinces or Portugal; Valencia only provided one contribution, in 1604.[56] Philip did not openly challenge this situation, but instead depended more and more heavily on the Castilian cortes; in turn, the cortes increasingly began to tie new grants of money to specific projects, subtly but steadily altering the relationship between the king and cortes.[57] By the financial crisis of 1607, the cortes had even insisted that it be recalled every three years, and that Philip take an oath – on pain of excommunication – to promise that he had spent the royal funds in line with the promises made previously to the cortes.[57]




Philip III of Spain


Philip and Lerma's attempts to resolve this crisis largely failed, and were not helped by the increasing size of the royal household – an attempt to increase royal prestige and political authority[26] – Philip's own household costs rose enormously at a time of falling income.[58] Philip's attempts to issue new currency – in particular the issues of the copper vélon coinage in 1603–04, 1617 and 1621 – simply created considerable instability.[56] The costs of the Dutch campaign resulted in Philip's bankruptcy in 1607, and the crown's attempt to resolve this by converting the asiento tax system – high interest loans owed to tax farmers – into longer term juros bonds paying a much lower interest, produced a short-term benefit, but at the price of losing financial flexibility during future crises.[56] By 1618, almost all Philip's incoming crown income was already assigned to its various creditors and he had almost no spending discretion left.[56] Financially, the Spanish state had become dominated by Genoese bankers and lenders under Philip II, whose lines of credit had allowed the Spanish state to continue during its moments of financial crisis; under Philip III this process remained unchecked, building up considerable resentment against this foreign influence,[59] some going so far as to term the bankers 'white moors'.[60]
Throughout Philip's reign, a body of analysis of Spain's condition began to emerge through the work of the numerous arbitristas, or commentators, that dominated public discussions from around 1600 through to the 1630s.[61] These different voices focused heavily on the political economy of Spain – the rural depopulation, the diverse and bureaucratic administrative methods, the social hierarchies and corruption, offering numerous, if often contradictory, solutions.[62] Nonetheless, through most of Philip's reign there was no significant attempt at reform – Philip continued to rule in line with local laws and customs. Philip encouraged consolidation of noble estates, selling off large quantities of crown lands to favoured nobles and creditors.[63] There were no attempts to create an equivalent to the French intendant position – the closest equivalent, the corregidor, lacked the strong links to the crown required to overcome local opposition.[63] Only in Philip's final years did reform begin to gain momentum; a reform committee, or Junta de Reformación, was established in Lerma's final months in 1618.[64] Under the incoming administration, including the reformist Baltasar de Zúñiga, this committee ground on, but would only deliver substantial, if ill-fated results, when rejuvenated under Philip IV's reign.
Foreign policy[edit]




The Somerset House Conference between English and Spanish diplomats that brought an end to the Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604).


On his accession, Philip inherited two major conflicts from his father/granduncle. The first of these, the ongoing and long-running Dutch revolt, represented a serious challenge to Spanish power from the Protestant United Provinces in a crucial part of the Spanish Empire. The second, the Anglo–Spanish War was a newer, and less critical conflict with Protestant England, marked by a Spanish failure to successfully bring its huge military resources to bear on the smaller English military.
Philip's own foreign policy can be divided into three phases. For the first nine years of his reign, he pursued a highly aggressive set of policies, aiming to deliver a 'great victory'.[65] His instructions to Lerma to wage a war of 'blood and iron' on his rebellious subjects in the Netherlands reflects this.[30] After 1609, when it became evident that Spain was financially exhausted and Philip sought a truce with the Dutch, there followed a period of retrenchment; in the background, tensions continued to grow, however, and by 1618 the policies of Philip's 'proconsols' – men like Spinola, Fuentes, Villafranca, Osuna and Bedmar – were increasingly at odds with de Lerma's policy from Madrid.[31] The final period, in which Philip intervened in the Holy Roman Empire to secure the election of Ferdinand II as Emperor and in which preparations were made for renewed conflict with the Dutch, largely occurred after the fall of de Lerma and the rise of a new, more aggressive set of advisors in the Madrid court.
War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21[edit]
Philip's initial aim was to achieve a decisive 'great victory'[65] in the long running war against the rebellious Dutch provinces of the Spanish Netherlands, whilst placing renewed pressure on the English government of Queen Elizabeth I in an effort to terminate English support for their Dutch colleagues. The Spanish armada, or navy, rebuilt in the 1590s, remained effective against the English,[66] but after the failure of the Spanish invasion of Ireland, leading to the defeat at the Battle of Kinsale, Philip 'reluctantly' accepted that further attacks on England were unlikely to succeed.[65] In the Netherlands, a new war strategy resulted in a re-establishment of Spanish power on the north side of the great rivers Meuse and Rhine, stepping up the military pressure on the rebel provinces. The strategy of a 'great victory,' however, began to descend into a financial war of attrition: the Southern Netherlands – still under Spanish control – and the Dutch Republic in the north – dominated by Calvinist Protestants – were both exhausted, and after the 1607 financial crisis, Spain too was unable to pursue the war. Philip III turned to peace negotiations instead; with the accession to the throne of James I of England it became possible to terminate both the war and English support to the Dutch, with the signature in 1604 of the Treaty of London.[67]




Statue of Philip III in Madrid, by Giambologna, finished by Pietro Tacca (1616).


The Twelve Years' Truce with the Dutch followed in 1609, which enabled the Southern Netherlands to recover, but it was a de facto recognition of the independence of the Dutch Republic, and many European powers established diplomatic relations with the Dutch. The truce did not stop the commercial and colonial expansion of the Dutch into the Caribbean and the East-Indies, although Spain had tried to impose the liquidation of the Dutch East India Company as a treaty condition. Minor concessions of the Dutch Republic were the scrapping of the plan to create a Dutch West India Company and to stop the harassment of the Portuguese in Asia. Both concessions were temporary as the Dutch soon recommenced preying upon Portuguese interests, which had already led to the Dutch-Portuguese War in 1602 and would continue till 1654. At least with peace in Europe, the Twelve Year's truce gave Philip's regime an opportunity to begin to recover its financial position.
With the death of Henry IV of France – a supporter of the war against Spain – a period of instability commenced in the Kingdom of France. In a sequence of aggressive policy moves, and largely without firm direction from Philip, his regional proconsuls of the Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples and the Marquess of Villafranca, the Governor of Milan, directed the Spanish policy in Italy that encountered resistance from the Duchy of Savoy and the Republic of Venice. To secure the connection between Milan and the Netherlands a new route was opened through Valtellina, then part of the independent state of the Three Leagues (the present day canton of Graubünden, Switzerland), and in 1618 the plot of Venice occurred in which the authorities engaged in the persecution of pro-Spanish agents.
Entry to the Thirty Years' War[edit]
In the final years of Philip's reign, Spain entered the initial part of the conflict that would become known as the Thirty Years' War (1618–48). The result was a decisive Spanish victory in the Holy Roman Empire that would lead to a recommencement of the war with the Dutch shortly after Philip's death. Europe was anticipating a fresh election for the position of Emperor upon the likely death of Matthias, who was heirless. Spain and Austria's common Habsburg ancestry influenced Spain's involvement in the convoluted politics of the Empire: on the one hand, Philip had a vested interest in the success of his cousin Ferdinand of Bohemia, who intended to follow Matthias to the throne; on the other, Philip had hopes of appointing one of his own family, such as Prince Philip, to the Imperial throne[68] and worried that a failed bid by Ferdinand might reduce collective Habsburg prestige.[69]




The Battle of White Mountain, 1620, a triumph for the later foreign policy of Philip III


Philip finally chose to intervene behind Ferdinand. Prince Philip had been rejected as unacceptable to the German nobility.[68] Philip had also been increasingly influenced over the years by first Queen Margaret, and later the other, powerful Habsburg women at court, whilst the incoming set of advisors that replaced de Lerma, especially de Zúñiga, also saw Spain's future as part of a strong alliance with a Habsburg Holy Roman Empire.[70] Finally, by the Oñate treaty of 29 July 1617, Ferdinand made a successful appeal to Philip's self-interest by promising Spain the Habsburg lands in Alsace in return for Spanish support for his election.[71]
Crisis broke out in Ferdinand's kingdom of Bohemia during 1618–19, with a confrontation between Catholic and Protestant factions. Ferdinand asked Spain for help to put down the rebellion; the Protestant rebels turned to Frederick V of the Palatinate as a new ruler and Emperor. The situation in the Empire was in many ways auspicious for Spanish strategy; in the Spanish Netherlands Ambrosio Spinola had been conspiring to find an opportunity to intervene with the Army of Flanders into the Electorate of the Palatinate. The Palatinate was a vital, Protestant set of territories along the Rhine guarding the most obvious route for reinforcements from other Spanish territories to arrive into the rebellious Dutch provinces (through Genoa).[37] France, assumed bound to support Frederick against Ferdinand, was in fact inclined to remain neutral.[72] The Spanish troops headed by Spinola in the Palatinate and by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly in Bohemia achieved a decisive victory against the Czechs in the Battle of White Mountain in 1620. With the Dutch now vulnerable to a strike through the Rhine valley, a renewed war against the Provinces, with the aim of forcing the Dutch to a more suitable permanent peace, appeared inevitable. Philip died in 1621 shortly before the recommencement of war – his son, Philip IV, retained his chief foreign policy advisor, de Zúñiga, and an initially highly successful campaign against the Dutch began the same year.
Legacy[edit]
Philip III died in Madrid on 31 March 1621, succeeded by his son, Philip IV, who rapidly completed the process of removing the last elements of the Sandoval family regime from court. The story told in the memoirs of the French ambassador Bassompierre, that he was killed by the heat of a brasero (a pan of hot charcoal), because the proper official to take it away was not at hand, is a humorous exaggeration of the formal etiquette of the court.
Philip has generally left a poor legacy with historians. Three major historians of the period have described an 'undistinguished and insignificant man',[32] a 'miserable monarch',[73] whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice'.[74] More generally, Philip has largely retained the reputation of 'a weak, dim-witted monarch who preferred hunting and travelling to governing'.[75] Unlike Philip IV, whose reputation has improved significantly in the light of recent analysis, Philip III's reign has been relatively unstudied, possibly because of the negative interpretation given to the role of Philip and Lerma during the period.[75] Traditionally, the decline of Spain has been placed from the 1590s onwards; revisionist historians from the 1960s, however, presented an alternative analysis, arguing that in many ways Philip III's Spain of 1621 – reinforced with new territories in Alsace, at peace with France, dominant in the Holy Roman Empire, and about to begin a successful campaign against the Dutch – was in a much stronger position than in 1598, despite the poor personal performance of her king during the period.[76] Philip's use of Lerma as his valido has formed one of the key historical and contemporary criticisms against him; recent work[77] has perhaps begun to present a more nuanced picture of the relationship and the institution that survived for the next forty years in Spanish royal government.
Titles and style[edit]




Coat of arms of Philip III


In the 1604 Treaty of London, Philip was styled "Philip the Third, by the grace of God, king of Castile, Leon, Aragon and the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Portugal, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, the Majorcas, Seville, Cordoba, Corsica, Murcia, Guinea, Algarve, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, also of the Eastern and Western Indies, and the islands and terra firma of the Ocean Sea, archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy and Milan, count of Habsburg, Barcelona, and Biscay, and lord of Molina, etc." in full and "Philip III, King of the Spains" for short.[78]
Ancestry[edit]
Like many Habsburgs, Philip III was the product of extensive inbreeding. His father, Philip II, a product of marriage between first cousins, married his niece, Anna of Austria, herself the product of a cousin couple. Philip III in turn married his first cousin once removed, Margaret of Austria. This pattern would continue in the next generation, ultimately culminating in the end of the Spanish Habsburg line in the person of Philip's feeble grandson, Charles II.


Ancestors of Philip III of Spain






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

16. Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

8. Philip I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

17. Mary, Duchess of Burgundy



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

4. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and I of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

18. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 22)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

9. Joanna I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

19. Isabella I of Castile (= 23)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

2. Philip II of Spain and I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Manuel I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Infanta Beatrice of Portugal



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Isabella of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 18)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Maria of Aragon

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Isabella I of Castile (= 19)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

24. Philip I of Castile (= 8)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

12. Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

25. Joanna I of Castile (= 9)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

6. Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

26. Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

13. Anna of Bohemia and Hungary

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

27. Anna of Foix-Candale



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

3. Anna of Austria

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

28. Philip I of Castile (= 8, 24)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

14. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (= 4)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

29. Joanna I of Castile (= 9, 25)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

7. Maria of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

30. Manuel I of Portugal (= 10)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

15. Isabella of Portugal (= 5)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

31. Maria of Aragon (= 11)



 




 


 


 


 


 









Family[edit]
Philip married Margaret of Austria. They had the following children:

Anne (22 September 1601 – 20 January 1666), queen of France
Maria (1 February 1603 – 2 February 1603)
Philip (8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665), king of Spain
Maria Anna (18 August 1606 – 13 May 1646), empress of the Holy Roman Empire
Charles (14 September 1607 – 30 July 1632)
Ferdinand (16 May 1609 – 9 November 1641), a cardinal
Margaret Frances (24 May 1610 – 11 March 1617)
Alphonse Maurice (22 September 1611 – 16 September 1612)

Further information[edit]

Palacio de la Ribera

References[edit]


^ Stradling, p. 9.
^ Wedgwood, p. 55; Stradling, p. 18; Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b c Feros, p.16.
^ a b c Feros, p.17.
^ a b c Feros, p.19.
^ a b c Williams, p.38.
^ Sánchez, p.101.
^ a b Williams, p.39.
^ a b Sánchez, p.91.
^ a b Sánchez, p.98.
^ Sánchez, p.99.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.100.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.97.
^ Williams, p.35.
^ a b Williams, p.34.
^ Munck, p.49.
^ Mattingly, p.74.
^ Tuck, p.121.
^ Tuck, p.122.
^ Williams, pp.47–8.
^ Williams, p.42.
^ Feros, p.112.
^ a b Williams, p.104.
^ a b Feros, p.113.
^ Williams, p.105.
^ a b Feros, p.110.
^ Williams, p.9.
^ Feros, pp.117–8.
^ Feros, p.133.
^ a b Williams, p.10.
^ a b Polisensky, p.127.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.55.
^ In reality, the Archdukes outlived Philip, resulting in the reunification occurring under his son, Philip IV.
^ Williams, p.127.
^ Williams, p.128.
^ Williams, pp.126–7.
^ a b Wedgwood, pp.113–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.153-4.
^ a b Williams, p.245.
^ a b Williams, p.241.
^ Williams, p.242.
^ Parker, 1984, p.146.
^ Zagorin, pp.3–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.61.
^ Cruz, p.177.
^ a b c Parker, 1984, p.150.
^ Zagorin, p.15.
^ a b Perry, p.133.
^ Harvey, p.308.
^ Perry, p.148.
^ Perry, p.157.
^ De Maddalena, p.286.
^ Parker, 1985, p.235.
^ Parker, 1984, p.147.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.146–7.
^ a b c d e Munck, p.51.
^ a b Thompson, p.189.
^ Kamen, 1991, p. 200.
^ Cruz, p.102.
^ Cruz, p.103.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.147–8.
^ Parker, 1984, p.148.
^ a b Munck, p.50.
^ Kamen, p.214.
^ a b c Williams, p.125.
^ See Goodman (2002), for a thorough account of this revival.
^ Parker, 2004, p.212.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.75.
^ Wedgwood, p.89.
^ Ringrose, p.320.
^ Wedgwood, p.57.
^ Wedgwood, p.110-1.
^ Stradling, p.18.
^ Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b Sánchez, p.92.
^ Parker, 1984, p.145.
^ In particular, Feros (2006) and Williams' (2006) recent extensive studies of the period, and Sánchez's (1996) analysis of the role of powerful women, often underreported in historical documents, at Philip's court.
^ Davenport, page number missing.


Bibliography[edit]

Cipolla, Carlo M. (ed) The Fontana Economic History of Europe: The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries. London: Fontana. (1974)
Cruz, Anne J. Discourses of Poverty: Social Reform and the Picaresque Novel. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. (1999)
Davenport, Frances G. European Treaties Bearing on the History of the United States and Its Dependencies. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. (2004)
Elliott, J. H. Imperial Spain: 1469–1716. London: Penguin. (1963)
Feros, Antionio. Kingship and Favouritism in the Spain of Philip III, 1598–1621. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2006)
Goodman, David. Spanish Naval Power, 1589–1665: Reconstruction and Defeat. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2002)
Kamen, Henry. Spain, 1469–1714: A Society of Conflict. Harlow: Pearson Education. (2005)
Harvey, Leonard Patrick. Muslims in Spain, 1500–1614. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (2005)
Hoffman, Philip T. and Kathyrn Norberg (eds). Fiscal Crises, Liberty, and Representative Government 1450–1789. Stanford: Stanford University Press. (2001)
De Maddalena, Aldo. Rural Europe, 1500–1750. in Cipolla (ed) 1974.
Mattingly, Garrett. The Armada. New York: Mariner Books. (2005)
Munck, Thomas. Seventeenth Century Europe, 1598–1700. London: Macmillan. (1990)
Parker, Geoffrey. Europe in Crisis, 1598–1648. London: Fontana. (1984)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Dutch Revolt. London: Pelican Books. (1985)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Army of Flanders and the Spanish Road, 1567–1659. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2004)
Perry, Mary Elizabeth. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the politics of religion in early modern Spain. Princeton: Princeton University Press. (2005)
Polisensky, J. V. The Thirty Years War. London: NEL. (1971)
Ringrose, David. Spain, Europe and the "Spanish Miracle", 1700–1900. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1998)
Sánchez, Magdalena S. Pious and Political Images of a Habsburg Woman at the Court of Philip III (1598–1621). in Sánchez and Saint-Saëns (eds) 1996.
Sánchez, Magdalena S. and Alain Saint-Saëns (eds). Spanish women in the golden age: images and realities. Greenwood Publishing Group. (1996)
Stradling, R. A. Philip IV and the Government of Spain, 1621–1665. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1988)
Thompson, I. A. A. Castile, Constitionalism and Liberty. in Hoffman and Norburg (eds) 2001.
Wedgwood, C. V. The Thirty Years War. London: Methuen. (1981)
Williams, Patrick. The Great Favourite: the Duke of Lerma and the court and government of Philip III of Spain, 1598–1621. Manchester: Manchester University Press. (2006)
Zagorin, Perez. Rebels and Rulers, 1500–1660. Volume II: Provincial rebellion: Revolutionary civil wars, 1560–1660. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1992)

Further reading[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Philip III of Spain.



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Philip III., king of Spain". Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
See also Paul C. Allen, Philip III and the Pax Hispanica: The Failure of Grand Strategy (Yale UP: 2000) for an extensive discussion of the foreign policy of Philip III. Allen's is a revisionist work that also argues for a greater role played in international affairs by the Council of State and its leaders in this period rather than by Lerma.




Philip III of Spain
House of Habsburg
Born: 14 April 1578 Died: 31 March 1621


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Philip II of Spain
King of Spain and Portugal;
King of Sardinia, Naples and Sicily;
Duke of Milan
1598–1621
Succeeded by
Philip IV of Spain


Spanish royalty


Preceded by
Diego
Prince of Asturias
1582–98
Succeeded by
Philip


Prince of Portugal
1582–98
Succeeded by
Anne








v
t
e


Monarchs of Spain









Charles I
Philip II
Philip III
Philip IV
Charles II
Philip V
Louis I
Philip V
Ferdinand VI
Charles III
Charles IV
Ferdinand VII
Joseph I
Ferdinand VII
Isabel II
Amadeo I
Alfonso XII
Alfonso XIII
Juan Carlos I
Felipe VI















v
t
e


Spanish Empire








Timeline






Catholic Monarchs
Habsburgs
Golden Age
Encomiendas
New Laws in favour of the indigenous
Expulsion of the Moriscos
Eighty Years' War
Portuguese Restoration War
Bourbons
Napoleonic invasion
Independence of Spanish continental Americas
Liberal constitution
Carlist Wars
Spanish–American War
German–Spanish Treaty (1899)
Spanish Civil War
Independence of Morocco (Western Sahara conflict)













Territories






Kingdoms of Naples, Sicily and Sardinia
Milan
Union with Holy Roman Empire
Netherlands
Franche-Comté
Portugal
Philippines
East Pacific (Guam, Mariana, Caroline, Palau, Marshall, Micronesia, Moluccas)
Northern Taiwan
Tidore
Florida
New Spain (Western United States, Mexico, Central America, Spanish Caribbean)
Spanish Louisiana
Coastal Alaska
Haiti
Belize
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago
Venezuela, Northern and Western Guyana
New Granada (Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, a northernmost portion of Brazilian Amazon)
Peru (Peru, Acre)
Río de la Plata (Argentina, Paraguay, Charcas (Bolivia), Banda Oriental (Uruguay), Falkland Islands)
Chile
Equatorial Guinea
Spanish North Africa (Ifni, Cape Juby, Spanish Morocco and Western Sahara)













Administration






Council of the Indies
Cabildo
Trial of residence
Laws of the Indies
Royal Decree of Graces
Exequatur
Papal bull
School of Salamanca













Administrative subdivisions







Viceroyalties



New Spain
New Granada
Perú
Río de la Plata





Audiencias



Bogotá
Buenos Aires
Caracas
Charcas
Concepción
Cusco
Guadalajara
Guatemala
Lima
Manila
Mexico
Panamá
Quito
Santiago
Santo Domingo





Captaincies General



Chile
Cuba
Guatemala
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Santo Domingo
Venezuela
Yucatán
Provincias Internas





Governorates



Castilla de Oro
Cuba
New Andalusia (1501–1513)
New Andalusia
New Castile
New Toledo
Paraguay
Río de la Plata
















Economy







Currencies



Dollar
Real
Maravedí
Escudo
Columnario





Trade



Manila galleon
Spanish treasure fleet
Casa de Contratación
Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
















Military







Armies



Tercio
Army of Flanders
Spanish Armada
Indian auxiliaries
Legión





Warriors



Duke of Alba
Antonio de Leyva
Martín de Goiti
Alfonso d'Avalos
García de Toledo Osorio
Duke of Savoy
Álvaro de Bazán the Elder
John of Austria
Charles Bonaventure de Longueval
Pedro de Zubiaur
Ambrosio Spinola
Bernardo de Gálvez





Sailors



Christopher Columbus
Pinzón brothers
Ferdinand Magellan
Juan Sebastián Elcano
Juan de la Cosa
Juan Ponce de León
Miguel López de Legazpi
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Sebastián de Ocampo
Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
Alonso de Ojeda
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Alonso de Salazar
Andrés de Urdaneta
Antonio de Ulloa
Ruy López de Villalobos
Diego Columbus
Alonso de Ercilla
Nicolás de Ovando
Juan de Ayala
Sebastián Vizcaíno
Juan Fernández
Felipe González de Ahedo





Conquistadors



Hernán Cortés
Francisco Pizarro
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
Hernán Pérez de Quesada
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Pedro de Valdivia
Pedro de Alvarado
Martín de Ursúa
Diego de Almagro
Pánfilo de Narváez
Diego de Mazariegos
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera





Battles




Old World




Won



Bicocca
Landriano
Pavia
Tunis
Mühlberg
St. Quentin
Gravelines
Malta
Lepanto
Antwerp
Azores
Siege of Mons
Gembloux
Siege of Ostend
English Armada
Cape Celidonia
White Mountain
Siege of Breda
Nördlingen
Valenciennes
Siege of Ceuta
Bitonto
Bailén
Vitoria
Tetouan
Alhucemas





Lost



Capo d'Orso
Preveza
Siege of Castelnuovo
Algiers
Ceresole
Djerba
Tunis
Spanish Armada
Leiden
Rocroi
Downs
Passaro
Trafalgar
Somosierra
Annual








New World




Won



Siege of Tenochtitlan
Cajamarca
Cuzco
Bogotá savanna
Reynogüelén
Penco
Guadalupe Island
San Juan
Cartagena de Indias
Cuerno Verde
Pensacola





Lost



La Noche Triste
Tucapel
Chacabuco
Carabobo
Ayacucho
Guam
Santiago de Cuba
Manila Bay
Asomante






















Spanish colonizations






Canary Islands
Aztec
Maya

Chiapas
Yucatán
Guatemala
Petén


El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Chibchan Nations
Colombia
Peru
Chile













Other civil topics






Spanish missions in the Americas
Architecture
Mesoamerican codices
Cusco painting tradition
Indochristian painting in New Spain
Quito painting tradition
Colonial universities in Latin America
Colonial universities in the Philippines
General Archive of the Indies
Colonial Spanish Horse
Castas
Old inquisition
Slavery in Spanish Empire
British and American slaves granted their freedom by Spain















v
t
e


Monarchs of Portugal



House of Burgundy (1139–1383)



Afonso I
Sancho I
Afonso II
Sancho II
Afonso III
Dinis I
Afonso IV
Pedro I
Fernando I
Beatriz I








House of Aviz (1385–1580)



João I
Duarte I
Afonso V
João II
Manuel I
João III
Sebastião I
Henrique I
António I





House of Habsburg (1581–1640)



Filipe I
Filipe II
Filipe III





House of Braganza (1640–1910)



João IV
Afonso VI
Pedro II
João V
José I
Maria I with Pedro III
João VI
Pedro IV
Maria II
Miguel I
Maria II with Fernando II
Pedro V
Luís I
Carlos I
Manuel II






Debatable or disputed rulers are in italics.










v
t
e


Infantes of Spain




The generations indicate descent from Carlos I, under whom the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united, forming the Kingdom of Spain. Previously, the title Infante had been largely used in the different realms.



1st generation



Felipe II
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan
Infante João





2nd generation



Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Fernando, Prince of Asturias
Infante Carlos Lorenzo
Diego, Prince of Asturias
Felipe III





3rd generation



Felipe IV
Infante Carlos
Infante Fernando
Infante Alfonso Mauricio





4th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Felipe Próspero, Prince of Asturias
Infante Fernando Tomás
Carlos II





5th generation



None





6th generation



None





7th generation



Luis I
Infante Felipe
Infante Felipe Pedro
Fernando VI
Carlos III
Felipe, Duke of Parma
Infante Luis, Count of Chinchón





8th generation



Infante Felipe, Duke of Calabria
Carlos IV
Fernando I of the Two Sicilies
Infante Gabriel
Infante Antonio Pascual
Infante Francisco Javier
Fernando, Duke of Parma 1





9th generation



Infante Carlos Clemente
Infante Carlos Domingo
Infante Carlos Francisco de Paula
Infante Felipe Francisco de Paula
Fernando VII
Infante Carlos, Count of Molina
Infante Felipe María
Infante Francisco de Paula
Infante Pedro Carlos, Infante of Portugal 1
Infante Carlos1
Luis I of Etruria 2





10th generation



Infante Antonio, Duke of Montpensier 2
Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin 1
Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1
Infante Fernando1
Infante Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz1
Francisco de Asís, King consort of Spain 1
Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville 1
Infante Eduardo Felipe 1
Infante Fernando María1
Infante Sebastián, Infante of Portugal 1
Carlos II, Duke of Parma 1





11th generation



Infante Fernando
Infante Francisco de Asís
Alfonso XII
Infante Francisco de Asís
Infante Gaetan, Count of Girgenti 2
Infante Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Fernando of Orléans 1
Infante Felipe of Orleans1
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis of Orleans1
Carlos III, Duke of Parma 1





12th generation



Infante Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies 2
Infante Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis Fernando of Orléans 1
Roberto I, Duke of Parma 1





13th generation



Alfonso, Prince of Asturias
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona
Infante Gonzalo
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria 1
Infante Fernando of Bourbon-Two Sicilies1
Infante Luis Alfonso of Bavaria 1
Infante José Eugenio of Bavaria 1
Infante Alvaro, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Afonso of Orléans 1
Infante Ataúlfo of Orléans 1





14th generation



Juan Carlos I
Infante Alfonso
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria 1





15th generation



Felipe VI





16th generation



None








1 title granted by Royal Decree
2 consort to an Infanta naturalized as a Spanish Infante












v
t
e


Infantes of Portugal




The generations indicate descent from Afonso I, and continues through the House of Aviz, the House of Habsburg through Infanta Isabel, Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, and the House of Braganza through Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza.



1st generation



Infante Henrique
Sancho I
Infante João





2nd generation



Afonso II
Infante Raimundo
Infante Pedro, Count of Urgell
Infante Fernando, Count of Flanders
Infante Henrique





3rd generation



Sancho II
Afonso III
Infante Fernando, Lord of Serpa





4th generation



Infante Fernando
Dinis I
Infante Afonso, Lord of Portalegre
Infante Vicente





5th generation



Afonso IV
Infante Afonso, Lord of Leiria





6th generation



Infante Afonso
Infante Dinis
Pedro I
Infante João





7th generation



Infante Luís
Fernando I
Infante Afonso
Infante João, Duke of Valencia de Campos
Infante Dinis, Lord of Cifuentes





8th generation



Infante Pedro
Infante Afonso (1382)
Infante Afonso (1390–1400)
Duarte I
Infante Pedro, Duke of Coimbra
Infante Henrique, Duke of Viseu
Infante João, Constable of Portugal
Infante Fernando





9th generation



Infante João
Afonso V
Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte
Infante Pedro, Constable of Portugal
Infante João, Prince of Antioch
Cardinal-Infante Jaime of Coimbra
Infante Diogo, Constable of Portugal





10th generation



João, Prince of Portugal
João II
Infante João, Duke of Viseu
Infante Diogo, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte of Viseu
Infante Dinis of Viseu
Infante Simão of Viseu
Infante Afonso of Viseu
Manuel I





11th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Infante João
Miguel da Paz, Prince of Portugal and Asturias*
João III
Infante Luís, Duke of Beja
Infante Fernando, Duke of Guarda
Cardinal-Infante Afonso
Henrique I (The Cardinal-King)
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães
Infante António
Infante Carlos





12th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Filipe, Prince of Portugal
Infante Dinis
João Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Infante António
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães





13th generation



Sebastião I
Carlos, Prince of Asturias§#
Diogo, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Filipe II§#
Manuel, Hereditary Prince of Portugalƒ





14th generation



Filipe III§#
Infante Carlos§#
Cardinal-Infante Fernando§#
Infante Alfonso Mauricio§#





15th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Infante Francisco Fernando§#
Teodósio, Prince of Brazil
Afonso VI
Pedro II





16th generation



João, Prince of Brazil
João V
Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja
Infante António
Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém





17th generation



Pedro, Prince of Brazil
José I
Infante Carlos
Pedro III
Infante Alexandre





18th generation



None





19th generation



José, Prince of Brazil
Infante João (1762)
Infante João Francisco
João VI





20th generation



Francisco António, Prince of Beira
Pedro I of Brazil & IV of Portugal
Miguel I
Infante Pedro Carlos§





21st generation



Miguel, Prince of Beira
João Carlos, Prince of Beira
Infante Miguel, Duke of Braganza
Infante Sebastião§





22nd generation



Pedro V¶
Luís I¶
Infante João, Duke of Beja¶
Infante Fernando¶
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra¶
Infante Leopoldo¶
Infante Eugénio¶
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Francisco José
Infante Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza





23rd generation



Carlos I¶
Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto¶
Infante Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra





24th generation



Luís Filipe, Prince Royal¶
Manuel II¶
Afonso, Prince of Beira
Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto






* also an infante of Castile and León, Aragon, Sicily and Naples,  § also an infante of Spain,  # also an archduke of Austria,  ‡ also an imperial prince of Brazil,  ¶ also a prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony  ƒ claimant infante










v
t
e


Princes and Princesses of Asturias






Leonor (2014–present)













Henry (1388–90)
Maria (1402–05)
John (1405–06)
Catherine (1423–24)
Eleanor (1424–25)
Henry (1425–54)
Joanna (1462–64)
Alfonso (1464–68)
Isabella (1468–70)
Isabella (1470–78)
John (1478–97)
Isabella (1497–98)
Michael (1498–1500)
Joanna (1502–04)
Charles (1504–16)
Philip (1527–56)
Charles (1556–68)
Ferdinand (1571–78)
Diego (1578–82)
Philip (1582–98)
Philip (1605–21)
Balthasar Charles (1629–1646)
Philip Prospero (1657–1661)
Charles (1661–1665)
Louis (1709–24)
Ferdinand (1724–46)
Charles (1759–88)
Ferdinand (1788–1808)
Isabella (1830–33)
Isabella (1851–57)
Alfonso (1857–68)
Emanuele Filiberto (1871–73)
Isabella (1875–80)
Mercedes (1881–1904)
Alfonso (1907–38)
Felipe (1977–2014)
Leonor (2014– )












v
t
e


Austrian archdukes



1st generation



Frederick V
Albert VI
Sigismund





2nd generation



Cristopher
Maximilian I
John
Wolfgang





3rd generation



Philip I of Castile
Archduke Francis





4th generation



Charles I
Ferdinand I





5th generation



Philip II of Spain*
Maximilian II
Ferdinand II
Ferdinand*
John*
John
Ferdinand*
Charles II





6th generation



Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Rudolf V
Ernest
Matthias
Maximilian III
Albert VII
Wenzel
Frederick
Charles
Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Carlos Lorenzo*
Diego, Prince of Asturias*
Philip III of Spain*
Ferdinand III
Charles
Maximilian Ernest
Leopold V
Archduke Charles





7th generation



Charles
Philip IV of Spain*
Philipp
John-Charles
Albert
Charles*
Ferdinand IV
Ferdinand*
Alfonso Mauricio
Leopold Wilhelm
Ferdinand Charles
Sigismund Francis





8th generation



Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand IV of Hungary
Francisco Fernando*
Philip August
Maximilian Thomas
Leopold VI
Charles Joseph
Ferdinand Joseph Alois
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand Thomas*
Charles II of Spain*





9th generation



Ferdinand Wenzel
John Leopold
Joseph I
Leopold Joseph
Charles III





10th generation



Leopold Joseph
Leopold John





11th generation



Joseph II**
Charles Louis**
Leopold VII**
Ferdinand**
Maximilian Franz, Archbishop-Elector of Cologne**





12th generation



Emperor Francis I**
Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Charles, Duke of Teschen**
Alexander Leopold, Palatine of Hungary**
Joseph, Palatine of Hungary**
Anton Victor**
John**
Rainer Joseph**
Archduke Louis**
Cardinal-Archduke Rudolf**
Joseph Franz***
Francis IV, Duke of Modena***
Ferdinand Karl Joseph***
Maximilian***
Karl, Primate of Hungary***





13th generation



Emperor Ferdinand I
Francis Leopold, Grand Prince of Tuscany**
Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Joseph Franz
Franz Karl
Johann Nepomuk
Albert, Duke of Teschen
Stephen, Palatine of Hungary
Karl Ferdinand
Francis V, Duke of Modena***
Frederick Ferdinand
Ferdinand Karl Viktor***
Archduke Rudolf
Leopold Ludwig
Ernest
Alexander
Sigismund Leopold
Rainer Ferdinand
Wilhelm Franz
Heinrich Anton
Maximilian Karl
Joseph Karl





14th generation



Emperor Franz Joseph I
Maximilian I of Mexico
Karl Ludwig
Ludwig Viktor
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Karl Salvator**
Rainier**
Ludwig Salvator**
John Salvator**
Karl
Franz Joseph
Friedrich, Duke of Teschen
Charles Stephen
Eugen
Joseph August
Archduke Ladislaus





15th generation



Crown Prince Rudolf
Franz Ferdinand***
Otto Francis
Ferdinand Karl
Leopold Ferdinand**
Josef Ferdinand**
Peter Ferdinand**
Heinrich Ferdinand**
Robert Ferdinand**
Leopold Salvator**
Franz Salvator**
Archduke Albrecht Salvator**
Archduke Rainier Salvator**
Archduke Ferdinand Salvator**
Albrecht Franz, Duke of Teschen
Karl Albrecht
Leo Karl
Wilhelm
Joseph Francis
Archduke Ladislaus Joseph
Archduke Matthias





16th generation



Emperor Charles I
Maximilian Eugen
Habsburg - Tuscany :
Archduke Gottfried**
Georg**
Rainer**
Leopold Maria**
Anton**
Franz Joseph**
Karl Pius**
Franz Karl**
Hubert Salvator**
Theodor Salvator**
Clemens Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Árpád
Archduke Itsván
Géza
Michael Koloman





17th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Crown Prince Otto
Robert***
Felix
Carl Ludwig
Rudolf
Descent of Maximilian :
Ferdinand Karl
Heinrich Maria
Tuscany :
Leopold Franz**
Guntram**
Radbot**
Johann**
Georg**
Stephan**
Dominic**
Friederich Salvator**
Andreas Salvator**
Markus**
Johann**
Michael**
Franz Salvator**
Karl Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Karl
Andreas Agustinus
Nicholas Franz
Johann Jacob
Edward Karl
Paul Rudolf





18th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Karl
Georg
Lorenz***
Gerhard***
Martin***
Karl Philipp
Raimund Joseph
Itsván
Rudolf
Carl Christian
Karl Peter
Simeon
Johannes
Descent of Maximilian :
Maximilian Heinrich
Philipp Joachim
Ferdinand Karl
Konrad
Tuscany :
Sigismund**
Georg**
Guntram**
Leopold**
Alexander Salvator**
Thaddäus Salvator**
Casimir Salvator**
Matthias**
Johannes**
Bernhard**
Benedikt**
Palatines :
Joseph Albrecht (1994–)
Paul Leo (1996–)
Friedrich Cyprian (1995–)
Pierre (1997–)
Benedikt Alexander (2005–)
Nicolás (2003–)
Santiago (2006–)
Johannes (2010–)
Paul Benedikt (2000–)





19th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Ferdinand Zvonimir
Karl Konstantin
Amedeo***
Joachim***
Bartholomaeus***
Emmanuel***
Luigi***
Felix Carl
Andreas Franz
Paul Johannes
Carl Christian
Johannes
Thomas
Franz Ludwig
Michael
Joseph
Imre
Christoph
Alexander
Lorenz Carl
Johannes
Ludwig
Philipp
Descent of Maximilian :
Nicholas
Constantin
Jacob Maximilian
Tuscany :
Leopold Amedeo**
Maximilian**
Leopold**
Constantin Salvator**
Paul Salvator**








*also an infante of Spain
** also a prince of Tuscany
*** also a prince of Modena









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 88888342
LCCN: n85049399
ISNI: 0000 0001 2142 6201
GND: 118593846
SUDOC: 061144436
BNF: cb12240811g (data)
ULAN: 500354067
NDL: 001197529
RKD: 441266










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_III_of_Spain&oldid=790471529"					
Categories: Spanish monarchsPhilippine dynasty1578 births1621 deathsSpanish Baroque peoplePortuguese monarchsRoman Catholic monarchsSpanish people of the Eighty Years' WarPeople of the Anglo-Spanish War (1585–1604)Nobility from MadridKings of SicilyPrinces of AsturiasPrinces of GironaDukes of MontblancCounts of CerveraLords of BalaguerPrinces of PortugalSpanish infantesPortuguese infantesDukes of MilanKnights of SantiagoKnights of the Golden FleeceBurials in the Pantheon of Kings at El EscorialGrand Masters of the Order of the Golden Fleece16th-century Portuguese monarchs17th-century Portuguese monarchs16th-century Spanish people17th-century Spanish peopleHidden categories: Articles containing Spanish-language textArticles containing Portuguese-language textWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSicilianuSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWest-Vlams吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 23:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Philip III of Spain - Wikipedia






















 






Philip III of Spain

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Phillip III King of Spain)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip III



Philip III by Diego Velázquez (1627)






King of Spain





King of Portugal and the Algarves
1598–1621


King of Naples
1598–1621


King of Sicily
1598–1621


King of Sardinia
1598–1621


Duke of Milan
1598–1621






(more...)


Reign
13 September 1598 – 31 March 1621


Predecessor
Philip II


Successor
Philip IV







Born
(1578-04-12)12 April 1578
Madrid, Spain


Died
31 March 1621(1621-03-31) (aged 42)
Madrid, Spain


Burial
El Escorial


Spouse
Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; her d. 1611)


Issue



Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Charles of Spain
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand





House
Habsburg


Father
Philip II of Spain


Mother
Anna of Austria


Religion
Roman Catholicism


Signature





House of Habsburg
Spanish line









Emperor Charles V
(King Charles I)




Children
Philip II of Spain
Maria, Holy Roman Empress
Joan of Spain
Don John (illegitimate)
Margaret of Parma (illegitimate)




Philip II




Children include
Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Isabella of Spain
Catherine, Duchess of Savoy
Philip III of Spain
Maria of Spain




Philip III




Children include
Anne, Queen of France
Philip IV of Spain
Maria Ana, Holy Roman Empress
Infante Carlos
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand




Philip IV




Children include
Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias
Maria Theresa, Queen of France
Margaret, Holy Roman Empress
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias
Charles II of Spain




Charles II





v
t
e





Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III; 14 April 1578 – 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II). A member of the House of Habsburg, Philip III was born in Madrid to King Philip II of Spain and his fourth wife and niece Anna, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II and Maria of Spain. Philip III later married his cousin Margaret of Austria, sister of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Although also known in Spain as Philip the Pious,[1] Philip's political reputation abroad has been largely negative – an 'undistinguished and insignificant man,' a 'miserable monarch,' whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice,' to quote historians C. V. Wedgwood, R. Stradling and J. H. Elliott.[2] In particular, Philip's reliance on his corrupt chief minister, the Duke of Lerma, drew much criticism at the time and afterwards. For many, the decline of Spain can be dated to the economic difficulties that set in during the early years of his reign. Nonetheless, as the ruler of the Spanish Empire at its height and as the king who achieved a temporary peace with the Dutch (1609–1621) and brought Spain into the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) through an (initially) extremely successful campaign, Philip's reign remains a critical period in Spanish history.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Religion, Philip and the role of women at court
3 Style of government

3.1 Duke of Lerma as valido
3.2 Imperial proconsuls
3.3 Fall of Lerma


4 Domestic policy

4.1 Expulsion of the Moriscos
4.2 Economic decline and failed reform


5 Foreign policy

5.1 War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21
5.2 Entry to the Thirty Years' War


6 Legacy
7 Titles and style
8 Ancestry
9 Family
10 Further information
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 Further reading



Early life[edit]
After Philip III's older brother Don Carlos died insane, Philip II had concluded that one of the causes of Carlos' condition had been the influence of the warring factions at the Spanish court.[3] He believed that Carlos' education and upbringing had been badly affected by this, resulting in his lunacy and disobedience, and accordingly he set out to pay much greater attention to arrangements for his later sons.[3] Philip II appointed Juan de Zúñiga, then Prince Diego's governor, to continue this role for Philip, and chose García de Loaysa as his tutor.[3] They were joined by Cristóbal de Moura, a close supporter of Philip II. In combination, Philip believed, they would provide a consistent, stable upbringing for Prince Philip, and ensure he avoided the same fate as Carlos.[4] Philip's education was to follow the model for royal princes laid down by Father Juan de Mariana, focusing on the imposition of restraints and encouragement to form the personality of the individual at an early age, aiming to deliver a king who was neither tyrannical nor excessively under the influence of his courtiers.[4]
Prince Philip appears to have been generally liked by his contemporaries: 'dynamic, good-natured and earnest,' suitably pious, having a 'lively body and a peaceful disposition,' albeit with a relatively weak constitution.[5] The comparison with the memory of the disobedient and ultimately insane Carlos was usually a positive one, although some commented that Prince Philip appeared less intelligent and politically competent than his late brother.[5] Indeed, although Philip was educated in Latin, French, Portuguese and astronomy, and appears to have been a competent linguist,[4] recent historians suspect that much of his tutors' focus on Philip's undeniably pleasant, pious and respectful disposition was to avoid reporting that, languages aside, he was not in fact particularly intelligent or academically gifted.[6] Nonetheless, Philip does not appear to have been naive – his correspondence to his daughters shows a distinctive cautious streak in his advice on dealing with court intrigue.[7]
Philip first met the Marquis of Denia – the future Duke of Lerma – then, a gentleman of the King's chamber, in his early teens.[6] Lerma and Philip became close friends, but Lerma was considered unsuitable by the King and Philip's tutors. Lerma was dispatched to Valencia as a Viceroy in 1595, with the aim of removing Philip from his influence;[6] but after Lerma pleaded poor health, he was allowed to return two years later. By now in poor health himself, King Philip II was becoming increasingly concerned over the prince's future, and he attempted to establish de Moura as a future, trusted advisor to his son, reinforcing de Loaysa's position by appointing him archbishop.[8] The prince received a new, conservative Dominican confessor.[8] The following year, Philip II died after a painful illness, leaving the Spanish Empire to his son (and grandnephew), King Philip III.
Religion, Philip and the role of women at court[edit]
Philip married his cousin, Margaret of Austria, in 1599, a year after becoming king. Margaret, the sister of the future Emperor Ferdinand II, would be one of three women at Philip's court who would apply considerable influence over the king.[9] Margaret was considered by contemporaries to be extremely pious – in some cases, excessively pious, and too influenced by the Church[10] – 'astute and very skillful' in her political dealings,[11] although 'melancholic' and unhappy over the influence of the Duke of Lerma over her husband at court.[10] Margaret continued to fight an ongoing battle with Lerma for influence up until her death in 1611. Philip had an 'affectionate, close relationship' with Margaret,[12] and paid her additional attention after she bore him a son in 1605.[12]
Margaret, alongside Philip's grandmother/aunt, Empress Maria – the Austrian representative to the Spanish court – and Margaret of the Cross, Maria's daughter – formed a powerful, uncompromising Catholic and pro-Austrian voice within Philip's life.[9] They were successful, for example, in convincing Philip to provide financial support to Ferdinand from 1600 onwards.[12] Philip steadily acquired other religious advisors. Father Juan de Santa Maria – confessor to Philip's daughter, doña Maria, was felt by contemporaries to have an excessive influence over Philip at the end of his life,[13] and both he and Luis de Aliaga, Philip's own confessor, were credited with influencing the overthrow of Lerma in 1618. Similarly Mariana de San Jose, a favoured nun of Queen Margaret's, was also criticised for her later influence over the King's actions.[13]
Style of government[edit]




Philip III of Spain


The Spanish crown at the time ruled through a system of royal councils. The most significant of these were the Councils of State and its subordinate Council for War, that were in turn supported by the seven professional councils for the different regions, and four specialised councils for the Inquisition, the Military Orders, Finance and the Crusade tax.[14] These councils were then supplemented by small committees, or juntas, as necessary, such as the 'junta of the night' through which Philip II exercised personal authority towards the end of his reign.[15] As a matter of policy, Philip had tried to avoid appointing grandees to major positions of power within his government and relied heavily on the lesser nobles, the so-called 'service' nobility.[15] Philip II had taken the traditional system of councils and applied a high degree of personal scrutiny to them, especially in matters of paperwork, which he declined to delegate – the result was a 'ponderous' process.[16] To his contemporaries, the degree of personal oversight he exercised was excessive; his 'self-imposed role as the chief clerk to the Spanish empire'[17] was not thought entirely appropriate. Philip first started to become engaged in practical government at the age of 15, when he joined Philip II's private committee.[5]
Philip III's approach to government appears to have stemmed from three main drivers. Firstly, he was heavily influenced by the eirenic ideas being circulated in Italian circles in reaction to the new Humanist theories of governance, typified by Machiavelli.[18] Writers such as Girolamo Frachetta, who became a particular favourite of Philip, had propagated a conservative definition of 'reason of state' which centred on exercising a princely prudence and a strict obedience to the laws and customs of the country that one ruled.[19] Secondly, Philip may have shared Lerma's view that the governmental system of Philip II was fast proving impractical and unnecessarily excluded the great nobles of the kingdoms – it had been creaking badly in the last decades of his father's life.[20] Lastly, Philip's own personality and his friendship with Lerma heavily shaped his approach to policy-making. The result was a radical shift in the role of the crown in government from the model of Philip II.
Duke of Lerma as valido[edit]




Francisco Goméz de Sandoval y Rojas, Duke of Lerma, Spanish statesman


Within a few hours of Philip ascending to the throne, Lerma had been made a royal counsellor by the new king and set about establishing himself as a fully fledged valido, or royal favourite.[21] Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king. All the business of government, Philip instructed, was to arrive in writing and be channeled through Lerma before reaching him.[22] Whilst Philip was not hugely active in government in other ways, once these memoranda, or consulta, had reached him he appears to have been assiduous in commenting on them.[23] Debates in royal councils would now only begin upon the written instruction of the king – again, through Lerma.[24] All members of royal councils were under orders to maintain complete transparency with Lerma as the king's personal representative;[24] indeed, in 1612 the councils were ordered by Philip to obey Lerma as if he were the king.[23] The degree to which Lerma himself played an active role in government has been disputed. Contemporaries were inclined to see Lerma's hand in every action of government; others have since thought Lerma to have 'neither the temperament nor the energy' to impose himself greatly on the actions of government;[25] still others consider Lerma to have carefully attended only those Councils of State that addressed matters of great importance to the king,[26] creating a space for the wider professionalisation of government that had been lacking under Philip II.[27]
This new system of government became increasingly unpopular very quickly. The novel idea of a valido exercising power went against the long-standing popular conception that the king should exercise his powers personally, not through another.[28] Before long, the apparatus of the Spanish government was packed with Lerma's relatives, Lerma's servants and Lerma's political friends, to the exclusion of others.[29] Lerma responded by further limiting his public visibility in politics, avoiding signing and writing documents personally,[30] and constantly stressing that he was, humbly, only working on behalf of his master, Philip III.
Imperial proconsuls[edit]
De Lerma's role as royal favourite at court was further complicated by the rise of various 'proconsuls' under Philip III's reign – significant Spanish representatives overseas, who came to exercise independent judgement and even independent policies in the absence of strong leadership from the centre.[31] The challenges to government communication during the period encouraged aspects of this, but the phenomenon was much more marked under Philip III than under either the reign of his father or son.




Ambrosio Spinola, one of Philip III's various imperial proconsuls, by Peter Paul Rubens.


In the Netherlands, Philip II had bequeathed his remaining territories in the Low Countries to his daughter Isabella of Spain and her husband, Archduke Albert, under the condition that if she died without heirs, the province would return to the Spanish Crown. Given that Isabella was notoriously childless, it was clear that this was only intended to be a temporary measure, and that Philip II had envisaged an early revision to Philip III.[32] As a result, Philip's foreign policy in the Netherlands would be exercised through the strong-willed Archdukes, but in the knowledge that ultimately the Spanish Netherlands would return to him as king.[33] Meanwhile, the Italian-born Ambrosio Spinola was to perform a crucial role as a Spanish general in the Army of Flanders. Having demonstrated his military prowess at the siege of Ostend in 1603, Spinola rapidly started to propose and implement policies almost independently of the central councils in Madrid,[34] somehow managing to achieve military victories even without central funding from Spain.[35] De Lerma was uncertain of how to deal with Spinola; on the one hand, de Lerma desperately needed a successful military commander in the Netherlands – on the other, de Lerma was contemptuous of Spinola's relatively low origins and scared of his potential to destabilise de Lerma at court.[36] In the years leading to the outbreak of war in 1618, Spinola was working to produce a plan to finally defeat the Dutch, involving an intervention in the Rhineland followed by fresh hostilities aiming to cut the Low Countries in two: portrayed at the time as the 'spider in the web' of Catholic politics in the region, Spinola was operating without significant consultation with Philip in Madrid.[37]
In Italy, a parallel situation emerged. The Count of Fuentes, as governor of Lombardy, exploited the lack of guidance from Madrid to pursue his own highly interventionist policy across north Italy, including making independent offers to support the Papacy by invading the Venetian Republic in 1607.[38] Fuentes remained in power and pursuing his own policies until his death. The Marquis of Villafranca, as governor of Milan, similarly exercised his own considerable judgement on foreign policy. The Duke of Osuna, who had married into the Sandovel family as a close ally of Lerma, again showed significant independence as the Viceroy of Naples towards the end of Philip's reign. In conjunction with the Spanish ambassador to Venice, the influential Marquis of Bedmar, Osuna pursued a policy of raising an extensive army, intercepting Venetian shipping and imposing sufficiently high taxes that threats of a revolt began to emerge. To exacerbate matters, Osuna was found to have prevented the local Neapolitans from petitioning Philip III to complain.[39] Osuna fell from power only when de Lerma had lost his royal favour, and Osuna's negative impact on Philip's plans for intervention in Germany had become intolerable.[39]
Fall of Lerma[edit]




Rodrigo Calderón, executed by Philip III to satisfy the Duke of Lerma's enemies, painted by Peter Paul Rubens.


From 1612 onwards, and certainly by 1617, the Lerma administration was crumbling. The monopoly of power in the hands of the Lerma's Sandoval family had generated numerous enemies; Lerma's personal enrichment in office had become a scandal; Lerma's extravagant spending and personal debts was beginning to alarm his own son, Cristóbal de Sandoval, Duke of Uceda; lastly, ten years of quiet diplomacy by Fathers Luis de Aliaga, Philip's confessor, and Juan de Santa Maria, Philip's daughter's confessor and a former client of Queen Margaret,[13] had begun to apply personal and religious pressure on the king to alter his method of government.[40] Philip remained close to Lerma, however, and supported him in becoming a cardinal in March 1618 under Pope Paul V, a position which would offer Lerma some protection as his government collapsed.
Lerma fell to an alliance of interests – Uceda, his son, led the attack, aiming to protect his future interests, allied with Don Baltasar de Zúñiga, a well-connected noble with a background in diplomacy across Europe, whose nephew, Olivares was close to the heir to the throne, Prince Philip. Lerma departed for his ducal seat, and for six weeks Philip did nothing; then, in October, Philip signed a decree renouncing the powers of his former valido, and announcing that he would rule in person.[40] Uceda initially took over as the primary voice at court, but without his father's extensive powers, whilst De Zúñiga became Philip's minister for foreign and military affairs. Philip, whilst unwilling to move further against Lerma, took politically symbolic action against Lerma's former secretary Rodrigo Calderón, a figure emblematic of the former administration. Calderón, suspected of having killed Philip's wife Queen Margaret by witchcraft in 1611, was ultimately tortured and then executed by Philip for the more plausible murder of the soldier Francisco de Juaras.[41]
Domestic policy[edit]




Philip III of Spain


Philip inherited an empire considerably enlarged by his father. On the peninsula itself, Philip II had successfully acquired Portugal in 1580; across Europe, despite the ongoing Dutch revolt, Spanish possessions in Italy and along the Spanish Road appeared secure; globally, the combination of Castilian and Portuguese colonial territories gave a Spanish ruler unparalleled reach from the Americas to the Philippines and beyond through India to Africa.[42] The challenge for such a ruler was that these territories were in legal reality separate bodies, different entities bound together through the 'supraterritorial' royal institutions of the Spanish crown, utilising Castilian nobility as a ruling caste.[43] Even within the peninsula itself, Philip would rule through the kingdoms of Castile, Aragon, Valencia and Portugal, the autonomous provinces of Catalonia and Andalusia – all only loosely joined together through the institution of the Castile monarchy and the person of Philip III.[44] Each part had different taxation, privileges and military arrangements; in practice, the level of taxation in many of the more peripheral provinces was less than in Castile, but the privileged position of the Castilian nobility at all senior levels of royal appointment was a contentious issue for the less favoured provinces.
Expulsion of the Moriscos[edit]
Main article: Expulsion of the Moriscos
One of Philip's first domestic changes was the issuing of a decree in 1609 for the expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain, timed to coincide with the declaration of a truce in the war for the Netherlands.[45] The Moriscos were the descendants of those Muslims that had converted to Christianity during the Reconquista of the previous centuries; despite their conversion, they retained a distinctive culture, including many Islamic practices.[46] Philip II had made the elimination of the Morisco threat a key part of his domestic strategy in the south, attempting an assimilation campaign in the 1560s, which had resulted in the revolt that concluded in 1570.[47] In the final years of his rule, Philip's father had reinvigorated efforts to convert and assimilate the Moriscos, but with almost 200,000 in the south of Spain alone, it was clear by the early years of the new century that this policy was failing.[46]




Expulsion of the Moriscos at the port of Dénia, by Vincente Mostre.


The idea of completely cleansing Spain of the Moriscos was proposed by Juan de Ribera, the Archbishop and Viceroy of Valencia, whose views were influential with Philip III. Philip's eventual decree to eliminate this 'evil sect'[48] in 1609 was a popular move – the Moriscos were accused of collaborating with the Barbary Pirates to attack the coast, whilst their religion and distinct culture made them unpopular with Christians in Spain, especially in Valencia. Financially, the royal treasury stood to gain by seizing the assets of the removed peoples, whilst in due course those close to the crown would benefit from cheap land or gifts of estates. Other writers have emphasised the continuing 'anxiety and fear' that surrounded the Morisco presence in Spain, and the role this played in encouraging the expulsion.[49] Estimates vary slightly, but between around 275,000[46] to over 300,000[48] Moriscos were forced out of Spain between 1609 and 1614. To accomplish this, the armada, or navy, and 30,000 soldiers were mobilized with the mission of transporting the families to Tunis or Morocco. Philip intervened in the problematic decision of what to do with Morisco children – should they be allowed to take them to Islamic countries, where they would be brought up as Muslims – and if they were to remain in Spain, what should be done with them? Philip paternalistically decreed that Morisco children under the age of seven could not be taken to Islamic countries, but that any children remaining in Valencia should be free from the threat of enslavement,[50] and rejected some of Ribera's more extreme suggestions.[51]
Whilst popular at the time, and in keeping with earlier policies, this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia, Aragon, and Murcia. The supply of cheap labour and the number of rent paying property owners in these areas decreased considerably, as did agricultural outputs.[52] The cultivation of sugarcane and rice had to be substituted for white mulberry, vineyards, and wheat.
Economic decline and failed reform[edit]




Mateo Alemán, an early modern novelist who recorded the terrible 'plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to cripple Philip III's domestic economy.


Philip III's reign was marked by significant economic problems across Spain. Famine struck during the 1590s through a sequence of bad harvests, whilst from 1599 to 1600 and for several years afterwards there was a terrible outbreak of bubonic plague across Spain, killing over 10% of the population.[53] Mateo Alemán, one of the first modern novelists in Europe, captured the despondent mood of the period, describing 'the plague that came down from Castile and the famine that rose from Andalusia' to grip the country.[54] Whilst the failing harvests affected the rural areas most, the plagues reduced the urban population most significantly, in turn reducing the demand for manufactured goods and undermining the economy further.[55] The result was an economically weakened Spain with a rapidly falling population.
Financially, Philip's situation did not appear much better. He had inherited huge debts from his father, Philip II, and an unhelpful tradition that the kingdom of Castile bore the brunt of royal taxation – Castile carried 65% of total imperial costs by 1616.[56] Philip III received no money from the cortes, or parliaments, of Aragon, the Basque provinces or Portugal; Valencia only provided one contribution, in 1604.[56] Philip did not openly challenge this situation, but instead depended more and more heavily on the Castilian cortes; in turn, the cortes increasingly began to tie new grants of money to specific projects, subtly but steadily altering the relationship between the king and cortes.[57] By the financial crisis of 1607, the cortes had even insisted that it be recalled every three years, and that Philip take an oath – on pain of excommunication – to promise that he had spent the royal funds in line with the promises made previously to the cortes.[57]




Philip III of Spain


Philip and Lerma's attempts to resolve this crisis largely failed, and were not helped by the increasing size of the royal household – an attempt to increase royal prestige and political authority[26] – Philip's own household costs rose enormously at a time of falling income.[58] Philip's attempts to issue new currency – in particular the issues of the copper vélon coinage in 1603–04, 1617 and 1621 – simply created considerable instability.[56] The costs of the Dutch campaign resulted in Philip's bankruptcy in 1607, and the crown's attempt to resolve this by converting the asiento tax system – high interest loans owed to tax farmers – into longer term juros bonds paying a much lower interest, produced a short-term benefit, but at the price of losing financial flexibility during future crises.[56] By 1618, almost all Philip's incoming crown income was already assigned to its various creditors and he had almost no spending discretion left.[56] Financially, the Spanish state had become dominated by Genoese bankers and lenders under Philip II, whose lines of credit had allowed the Spanish state to continue during its moments of financial crisis; under Philip III this process remained unchecked, building up considerable resentment against this foreign influence,[59] some going so far as to term the bankers 'white moors'.[60]
Throughout Philip's reign, a body of analysis of Spain's condition began to emerge through the work of the numerous arbitristas, or commentators, that dominated public discussions from around 1600 through to the 1630s.[61] These different voices focused heavily on the political economy of Spain – the rural depopulation, the diverse and bureaucratic administrative methods, the social hierarchies and corruption, offering numerous, if often contradictory, solutions.[62] Nonetheless, through most of Philip's reign there was no significant attempt at reform – Philip continued to rule in line with local laws and customs. Philip encouraged consolidation of noble estates, selling off large quantities of crown lands to favoured nobles and creditors.[63] There were no attempts to create an equivalent to the French intendant position – the closest equivalent, the corregidor, lacked the strong links to the crown required to overcome local opposition.[63] Only in Philip's final years did reform begin to gain momentum; a reform committee, or Junta de Reformación, was established in Lerma's final months in 1618.[64] Under the incoming administration, including the reformist Baltasar de Zúñiga, this committee ground on, but would only deliver substantial, if ill-fated results, when rejuvenated under Philip IV's reign.
Foreign policy[edit]




The Somerset House Conference between English and Spanish diplomats that brought an end to the Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604).


On his accession, Philip inherited two major conflicts from his father/granduncle. The first of these, the ongoing and long-running Dutch revolt, represented a serious challenge to Spanish power from the Protestant United Provinces in a crucial part of the Spanish Empire. The second, the Anglo–Spanish War was a newer, and less critical conflict with Protestant England, marked by a Spanish failure to successfully bring its huge military resources to bear on the smaller English military.
Philip's own foreign policy can be divided into three phases. For the first nine years of his reign, he pursued a highly aggressive set of policies, aiming to deliver a 'great victory'.[65] His instructions to Lerma to wage a war of 'blood and iron' on his rebellious subjects in the Netherlands reflects this.[30] After 1609, when it became evident that Spain was financially exhausted and Philip sought a truce with the Dutch, there followed a period of retrenchment; in the background, tensions continued to grow, however, and by 1618 the policies of Philip's 'proconsols' – men like Spinola, Fuentes, Villafranca, Osuna and Bedmar – were increasingly at odds with de Lerma's policy from Madrid.[31] The final period, in which Philip intervened in the Holy Roman Empire to secure the election of Ferdinand II as Emperor and in which preparations were made for renewed conflict with the Dutch, largely occurred after the fall of de Lerma and the rise of a new, more aggressive set of advisors in the Madrid court.
War with the Dutch, England and the truce of 1609–21[edit]
Philip's initial aim was to achieve a decisive 'great victory'[65] in the long running war against the rebellious Dutch provinces of the Spanish Netherlands, whilst placing renewed pressure on the English government of Queen Elizabeth I in an effort to terminate English support for their Dutch colleagues. The Spanish armada, or navy, rebuilt in the 1590s, remained effective against the English,[66] but after the failure of the Spanish invasion of Ireland, leading to the defeat at the Battle of Kinsale, Philip 'reluctantly' accepted that further attacks on England were unlikely to succeed.[65] In the Netherlands, a new war strategy resulted in a re-establishment of Spanish power on the north side of the great rivers Meuse and Rhine, stepping up the military pressure on the rebel provinces. The strategy of a 'great victory,' however, began to descend into a financial war of attrition: the Southern Netherlands – still under Spanish control – and the Dutch Republic in the north – dominated by Calvinist Protestants – were both exhausted, and after the 1607 financial crisis, Spain too was unable to pursue the war. Philip III turned to peace negotiations instead; with the accession to the throne of James I of England it became possible to terminate both the war and English support to the Dutch, with the signature in 1604 of the Treaty of London.[67]




Statue of Philip III in Madrid, by Giambologna, finished by Pietro Tacca (1616).


The Twelve Years' Truce with the Dutch followed in 1609, which enabled the Southern Netherlands to recover, but it was a de facto recognition of the independence of the Dutch Republic, and many European powers established diplomatic relations with the Dutch. The truce did not stop the commercial and colonial expansion of the Dutch into the Caribbean and the East-Indies, although Spain had tried to impose the liquidation of the Dutch East India Company as a treaty condition. Minor concessions of the Dutch Republic were the scrapping of the plan to create a Dutch West India Company and to stop the harassment of the Portuguese in Asia. Both concessions were temporary as the Dutch soon recommenced preying upon Portuguese interests, which had already led to the Dutch-Portuguese War in 1602 and would continue till 1654. At least with peace in Europe, the Twelve Year's truce gave Philip's regime an opportunity to begin to recover its financial position.
With the death of Henry IV of France – a supporter of the war against Spain – a period of instability commenced in the Kingdom of France. In a sequence of aggressive policy moves, and largely without firm direction from Philip, his regional proconsuls of the Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples and the Marquess of Villafranca, the Governor of Milan, directed the Spanish policy in Italy that encountered resistance from the Duchy of Savoy and the Republic of Venice. To secure the connection between Milan and the Netherlands a new route was opened through Valtellina, then part of the independent state of the Three Leagues (the present day canton of Graubünden, Switzerland), and in 1618 the plot of Venice occurred in which the authorities engaged in the persecution of pro-Spanish agents.
Entry to the Thirty Years' War[edit]
In the final years of Philip's reign, Spain entered the initial part of the conflict that would become known as the Thirty Years' War (1618–48). The result was a decisive Spanish victory in the Holy Roman Empire that would lead to a recommencement of the war with the Dutch shortly after Philip's death. Europe was anticipating a fresh election for the position of Emperor upon the likely death of Matthias, who was heirless. Spain and Austria's common Habsburg ancestry influenced Spain's involvement in the convoluted politics of the Empire: on the one hand, Philip had a vested interest in the success of his cousin Ferdinand of Bohemia, who intended to follow Matthias to the throne; on the other, Philip had hopes of appointing one of his own family, such as Prince Philip, to the Imperial throne[68] and worried that a failed bid by Ferdinand might reduce collective Habsburg prestige.[69]




The Battle of White Mountain, 1620, a triumph for the later foreign policy of Philip III


Philip finally chose to intervene behind Ferdinand. Prince Philip had been rejected as unacceptable to the German nobility.[68] Philip had also been increasingly influenced over the years by first Queen Margaret, and later the other, powerful Habsburg women at court, whilst the incoming set of advisors that replaced de Lerma, especially de Zúñiga, also saw Spain's future as part of a strong alliance with a Habsburg Holy Roman Empire.[70] Finally, by the Oñate treaty of 29 July 1617, Ferdinand made a successful appeal to Philip's self-interest by promising Spain the Habsburg lands in Alsace in return for Spanish support for his election.[71]
Crisis broke out in Ferdinand's kingdom of Bohemia during 1618–19, with a confrontation between Catholic and Protestant factions. Ferdinand asked Spain for help to put down the rebellion; the Protestant rebels turned to Frederick V of the Palatinate as a new ruler and Emperor. The situation in the Empire was in many ways auspicious for Spanish strategy; in the Spanish Netherlands Ambrosio Spinola had been conspiring to find an opportunity to intervene with the Army of Flanders into the Electorate of the Palatinate. The Palatinate was a vital, Protestant set of territories along the Rhine guarding the most obvious route for reinforcements from other Spanish territories to arrive into the rebellious Dutch provinces (through Genoa).[37] France, assumed bound to support Frederick against Ferdinand, was in fact inclined to remain neutral.[72] The Spanish troops headed by Spinola in the Palatinate and by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly in Bohemia achieved a decisive victory against the Czechs in the Battle of White Mountain in 1620. With the Dutch now vulnerable to a strike through the Rhine valley, a renewed war against the Provinces, with the aim of forcing the Dutch to a more suitable permanent peace, appeared inevitable. Philip died in 1621 shortly before the recommencement of war – his son, Philip IV, retained his chief foreign policy advisor, de Zúñiga, and an initially highly successful campaign against the Dutch began the same year.
Legacy[edit]
Philip III died in Madrid on 31 March 1621, succeeded by his son, Philip IV, who rapidly completed the process of removing the last elements of the Sandoval family regime from court. The story told in the memoirs of the French ambassador Bassompierre, that he was killed by the heat of a brasero (a pan of hot charcoal), because the proper official to take it away was not at hand, is a humorous exaggeration of the formal etiquette of the court.
Philip has generally left a poor legacy with historians. Three major historians of the period have described an 'undistinguished and insignificant man',[32] a 'miserable monarch',[73] whose 'only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice'.[74] More generally, Philip has largely retained the reputation of 'a weak, dim-witted monarch who preferred hunting and travelling to governing'.[75] Unlike Philip IV, whose reputation has improved significantly in the light of recent analysis, Philip III's reign has been relatively unstudied, possibly because of the negative interpretation given to the role of Philip and Lerma during the period.[75] Traditionally, the decline of Spain has been placed from the 1590s onwards; revisionist historians from the 1960s, however, presented an alternative analysis, arguing that in many ways Philip III's Spain of 1621 – reinforced with new territories in Alsace, at peace with France, dominant in the Holy Roman Empire, and about to begin a successful campaign against the Dutch – was in a much stronger position than in 1598, despite the poor personal performance of her king during the period.[76] Philip's use of Lerma as his valido has formed one of the key historical and contemporary criticisms against him; recent work[77] has perhaps begun to present a more nuanced picture of the relationship and the institution that survived for the next forty years in Spanish royal government.
Titles and style[edit]




Coat of arms of Philip III


In the 1604 Treaty of London, Philip was styled "Philip the Third, by the grace of God, king of Castile, Leon, Aragon and the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Portugal, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, the Majorcas, Seville, Cordoba, Corsica, Murcia, Guinea, Algarve, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, also of the Eastern and Western Indies, and the islands and terra firma of the Ocean Sea, archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy and Milan, count of Habsburg, Barcelona, and Biscay, and lord of Molina, etc." in full and "Philip III, King of the Spains" for short.[78]
Ancestry[edit]
Like many Habsburgs, Philip III was the product of extensive inbreeding. His father, Philip II, a product of marriage between first cousins, married his niece, Anna of Austria, herself the product of a cousin couple. Philip III in turn married his first cousin once removed, Margaret of Austria. This pattern would continue in the next generation, ultimately culminating in the end of the Spanish Habsburg line in the person of Philip's feeble grandson, Charles II.


Ancestors of Philip III of Spain






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

16. Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

8. Philip I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

17. Mary, Duchess of Burgundy



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

4. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and I of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

18. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 22)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

9. Joanna I of Castile

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

19. Isabella I of Castile (= 23)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

2. Philip II of Spain and I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Manuel I of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Infanta Beatrice of Portugal



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Isabella of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22. Ferdinand II of Aragon (= 18)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Maria of Aragon

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Isabella I of Castile (= 19)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

24. Philip I of Castile (= 8)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

12. Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

25. Joanna I of Castile (= 9)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

6. Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

26. Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

13. Anna of Bohemia and Hungary

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

27. Anna of Foix-Candale



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

3. Anna of Austria

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

28. Philip I of Castile (= 8, 24)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

14. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (= 4)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

29. Joanna I of Castile (= 9, 25)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

7. Maria of Spain

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

30. Manuel I of Portugal (= 10)



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

15. Isabella of Portugal (= 5)

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

31. Maria of Aragon (= 11)



 




 


 


 


 


 









Family[edit]
Philip married Margaret of Austria. They had the following children:

Anne (22 September 1601 – 20 January 1666), queen of France
Maria (1 February 1603 – 2 February 1603)
Philip (8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665), king of Spain
Maria Anna (18 August 1606 – 13 May 1646), empress of the Holy Roman Empire
Charles (14 September 1607 – 30 July 1632)
Ferdinand (16 May 1609 – 9 November 1641), a cardinal
Margaret Frances (24 May 1610 – 11 March 1617)
Alphonse Maurice (22 September 1611 – 16 September 1612)

Further information[edit]

Palacio de la Ribera

References[edit]


^ Stradling, p. 9.
^ Wedgwood, p. 55; Stradling, p. 18; Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b c Feros, p.16.
^ a b c Feros, p.17.
^ a b c Feros, p.19.
^ a b c Williams, p.38.
^ Sánchez, p.101.
^ a b Williams, p.39.
^ a b Sánchez, p.91.
^ a b Sánchez, p.98.
^ Sánchez, p.99.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.100.
^ a b c Sánchez, p.97.
^ Williams, p.35.
^ a b Williams, p.34.
^ Munck, p.49.
^ Mattingly, p.74.
^ Tuck, p.121.
^ Tuck, p.122.
^ Williams, pp.47–8.
^ Williams, p.42.
^ Feros, p.112.
^ a b Williams, p.104.
^ a b Feros, p.113.
^ Williams, p.105.
^ a b Feros, p.110.
^ Williams, p.9.
^ Feros, pp.117–8.
^ Feros, p.133.
^ a b Williams, p.10.
^ a b Polisensky, p.127.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.55.
^ In reality, the Archdukes outlived Philip, resulting in the reunification occurring under his son, Philip IV.
^ Williams, p.127.
^ Williams, p.128.
^ Williams, pp.126–7.
^ a b Wedgwood, pp.113–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.153-4.
^ a b Williams, p.245.
^ a b Williams, p.241.
^ Williams, p.242.
^ Parker, 1984, p.146.
^ Zagorin, pp.3–4.
^ Parker, 1984, p.61.
^ Cruz, p.177.
^ a b c Parker, 1984, p.150.
^ Zagorin, p.15.
^ a b Perry, p.133.
^ Harvey, p.308.
^ Perry, p.148.
^ Perry, p.157.
^ De Maddalena, p.286.
^ Parker, 1985, p.235.
^ Parker, 1984, p.147.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.146–7.
^ a b c d e Munck, p.51.
^ a b Thompson, p.189.
^ Kamen, 1991, p. 200.
^ Cruz, p.102.
^ Cruz, p.103.
^ Parker, 1984, pp.147–8.
^ Parker, 1984, p.148.
^ a b Munck, p.50.
^ Kamen, p.214.
^ a b c Williams, p.125.
^ See Goodman (2002), for a thorough account of this revival.
^ Parker, 2004, p.212.
^ a b Wedgwood, p.75.
^ Wedgwood, p.89.
^ Ringrose, p.320.
^ Wedgwood, p.57.
^ Wedgwood, p.110-1.
^ Stradling, p.18.
^ Elliott, 1963, pp. 300–301.
^ a b Sánchez, p.92.
^ Parker, 1984, p.145.
^ In particular, Feros (2006) and Williams' (2006) recent extensive studies of the period, and Sánchez's (1996) analysis of the role of powerful women, often underreported in historical documents, at Philip's court.
^ Davenport, page number missing.


Bibliography[edit]

Cipolla, Carlo M. (ed) The Fontana Economic History of Europe: The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries. London: Fontana. (1974)
Cruz, Anne J. Discourses of Poverty: Social Reform and the Picaresque Novel. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. (1999)
Davenport, Frances G. European Treaties Bearing on the History of the United States and Its Dependencies. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. (2004)
Elliott, J. H. Imperial Spain: 1469–1716. London: Penguin. (1963)
Feros, Antionio. Kingship and Favouritism in the Spain of Philip III, 1598–1621. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2006)
Goodman, David. Spanish Naval Power, 1589–1665: Reconstruction and Defeat. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2002)
Kamen, Henry. Spain, 1469–1714: A Society of Conflict. Harlow: Pearson Education. (2005)
Harvey, Leonard Patrick. Muslims in Spain, 1500–1614. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (2005)
Hoffman, Philip T. and Kathyrn Norberg (eds). Fiscal Crises, Liberty, and Representative Government 1450–1789. Stanford: Stanford University Press. (2001)
De Maddalena, Aldo. Rural Europe, 1500–1750. in Cipolla (ed) 1974.
Mattingly, Garrett. The Armada. New York: Mariner Books. (2005)
Munck, Thomas. Seventeenth Century Europe, 1598–1700. London: Macmillan. (1990)
Parker, Geoffrey. Europe in Crisis, 1598–1648. London: Fontana. (1984)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Dutch Revolt. London: Pelican Books. (1985)
Parker, Geoffrey. The Army of Flanders and the Spanish Road, 1567–1659. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (2004)
Perry, Mary Elizabeth. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the politics of religion in early modern Spain. Princeton: Princeton University Press. (2005)
Polisensky, J. V. The Thirty Years War. London: NEL. (1971)
Ringrose, David. Spain, Europe and the "Spanish Miracle", 1700–1900. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1998)
Sánchez, Magdalena S. Pious and Political Images of a Habsburg Woman at the Court of Philip III (1598–1621). in Sánchez and Saint-Saëns (eds) 1996.
Sánchez, Magdalena S. and Alain Saint-Saëns (eds). Spanish women in the golden age: images and realities. Greenwood Publishing Group. (1996)
Stradling, R. A. Philip IV and the Government of Spain, 1621–1665. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1988)
Thompson, I. A. A. Castile, Constitionalism and Liberty. in Hoffman and Norburg (eds) 2001.
Wedgwood, C. V. The Thirty Years War. London: Methuen. (1981)
Williams, Patrick. The Great Favourite: the Duke of Lerma and the court and government of Philip III of Spain, 1598–1621. Manchester: Manchester University Press. (2006)
Zagorin, Perez. Rebels and Rulers, 1500–1660. Volume II: Provincial rebellion: Revolutionary civil wars, 1560–1660. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (1992)

Further reading[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Philip III of Spain.



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Philip III., king of Spain". Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. 
See also Paul C. Allen, Philip III and the Pax Hispanica: The Failure of Grand Strategy (Yale UP: 2000) for an extensive discussion of the foreign policy of Philip III. Allen's is a revisionist work that also argues for a greater role played in international affairs by the Council of State and its leaders in this period rather than by Lerma.




Philip III of Spain
House of Habsburg
Born: 14 April 1578 Died: 31 March 1621


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Philip II of Spain
King of Spain and Portugal;
King of Sardinia, Naples and Sicily;
Duke of Milan
1598–1621
Succeeded by
Philip IV of Spain


Spanish royalty


Preceded by
Diego
Prince of Asturias
1582–98
Succeeded by
Philip


Prince of Portugal
1582–98
Succeeded by
Anne








v
t
e


Monarchs of Spain









Charles I
Philip II
Philip III
Philip IV
Charles II
Philip V
Louis I
Philip V
Ferdinand VI
Charles III
Charles IV
Ferdinand VII
Joseph I
Ferdinand VII
Isabel II
Amadeo I
Alfonso XII
Alfonso XIII
Juan Carlos I
Felipe VI















v
t
e


Spanish Empire








Timeline






Catholic Monarchs
Habsburgs
Golden Age
Encomiendas
New Laws in favour of the indigenous
Expulsion of the Moriscos
Eighty Years' War
Portuguese Restoration War
Bourbons
Napoleonic invasion
Independence of Spanish continental Americas
Liberal constitution
Carlist Wars
Spanish–American War
German–Spanish Treaty (1899)
Spanish Civil War
Independence of Morocco (Western Sahara conflict)













Territories






Kingdoms of Naples, Sicily and Sardinia
Milan
Union with Holy Roman Empire
Netherlands
Franche-Comté
Portugal
Philippines
East Pacific (Guam, Mariana, Caroline, Palau, Marshall, Micronesia, Moluccas)
Northern Taiwan
Tidore
Florida
New Spain (Western United States, Mexico, Central America, Spanish Caribbean)
Spanish Louisiana
Coastal Alaska
Haiti
Belize
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago
Venezuela, Northern and Western Guyana
New Granada (Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, a northernmost portion of Brazilian Amazon)
Peru (Peru, Acre)
Río de la Plata (Argentina, Paraguay, Charcas (Bolivia), Banda Oriental (Uruguay), Falkland Islands)
Chile
Equatorial Guinea
Spanish North Africa (Ifni, Cape Juby, Spanish Morocco and Western Sahara)













Administration






Council of the Indies
Cabildo
Trial of residence
Laws of the Indies
Royal Decree of Graces
Exequatur
Papal bull
School of Salamanca













Administrative subdivisions







Viceroyalties



New Spain
New Granada
Perú
Río de la Plata





Audiencias



Bogotá
Buenos Aires
Caracas
Charcas
Concepción
Cusco
Guadalajara
Guatemala
Lima
Manila
Mexico
Panamá
Quito
Santiago
Santo Domingo





Captaincies General



Chile
Cuba
Guatemala
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Santo Domingo
Venezuela
Yucatán
Provincias Internas





Governorates



Castilla de Oro
Cuba
New Andalusia (1501–1513)
New Andalusia
New Castile
New Toledo
Paraguay
Río de la Plata
















Economy







Currencies



Dollar
Real
Maravedí
Escudo
Columnario





Trade



Manila galleon
Spanish treasure fleet
Casa de Contratación
Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
















Military







Armies



Tercio
Army of Flanders
Spanish Armada
Indian auxiliaries
Legión





Warriors



Duke of Alba
Antonio de Leyva
Martín de Goiti
Alfonso d'Avalos
García de Toledo Osorio
Duke of Savoy
Álvaro de Bazán the Elder
John of Austria
Charles Bonaventure de Longueval
Pedro de Zubiaur
Ambrosio Spinola
Bernardo de Gálvez





Sailors



Christopher Columbus
Pinzón brothers
Ferdinand Magellan
Juan Sebastián Elcano
Juan de la Cosa
Juan Ponce de León
Miguel López de Legazpi
Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
Sebastián de Ocampo
Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
Alonso de Ojeda
Vasco Núñez de Balboa
Alonso de Salazar
Andrés de Urdaneta
Antonio de Ulloa
Ruy López de Villalobos
Diego Columbus
Alonso de Ercilla
Nicolás de Ovando
Juan de Ayala
Sebastián Vizcaíno
Juan Fernández
Felipe González de Ahedo





Conquistadors



Hernán Cortés
Francisco Pizarro
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
Hernán Pérez de Quesada
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Pedro de Valdivia
Pedro de Alvarado
Martín de Ursúa
Diego de Almagro
Pánfilo de Narváez
Diego de Mazariegos
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera





Battles




Old World




Won



Bicocca
Landriano
Pavia
Tunis
Mühlberg
St. Quentin
Gravelines
Malta
Lepanto
Antwerp
Azores
Siege of Mons
Gembloux
Siege of Ostend
English Armada
Cape Celidonia
White Mountain
Siege of Breda
Nördlingen
Valenciennes
Siege of Ceuta
Bitonto
Bailén
Vitoria
Tetouan
Alhucemas





Lost



Capo d'Orso
Preveza
Siege of Castelnuovo
Algiers
Ceresole
Djerba
Tunis
Spanish Armada
Leiden
Rocroi
Downs
Passaro
Trafalgar
Somosierra
Annual








New World




Won



Siege of Tenochtitlan
Cajamarca
Cuzco
Bogotá savanna
Reynogüelén
Penco
Guadalupe Island
San Juan
Cartagena de Indias
Cuerno Verde
Pensacola





Lost



La Noche Triste
Tucapel
Chacabuco
Carabobo
Ayacucho
Guam
Santiago de Cuba
Manila Bay
Asomante






















Spanish colonizations






Canary Islands
Aztec
Maya

Chiapas
Yucatán
Guatemala
Petén


El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Chibchan Nations
Colombia
Peru
Chile













Other civil topics






Spanish missions in the Americas
Architecture
Mesoamerican codices
Cusco painting tradition
Indochristian painting in New Spain
Quito painting tradition
Colonial universities in Latin America
Colonial universities in the Philippines
General Archive of the Indies
Colonial Spanish Horse
Castas
Old inquisition
Slavery in Spanish Empire
British and American slaves granted their freedom by Spain















v
t
e


Monarchs of Portugal



House of Burgundy (1139–1383)



Afonso I
Sancho I
Afonso II
Sancho II
Afonso III
Dinis I
Afonso IV
Pedro I
Fernando I
Beatriz I








House of Aviz (1385–1580)



João I
Duarte I
Afonso V
João II
Manuel I
João III
Sebastião I
Henrique I
António I





House of Habsburg (1581–1640)



Filipe I
Filipe II
Filipe III





House of Braganza (1640–1910)



João IV
Afonso VI
Pedro II
João V
José I
Maria I with Pedro III
João VI
Pedro IV
Maria II
Miguel I
Maria II with Fernando II
Pedro V
Luís I
Carlos I
Manuel II






Debatable or disputed rulers are in italics.










v
t
e


Infantes of Spain




The generations indicate descent from Carlos I, under whom the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united, forming the Kingdom of Spain. Previously, the title Infante had been largely used in the different realms.



1st generation



Felipe II
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan
Infante João





2nd generation



Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Fernando, Prince of Asturias
Infante Carlos Lorenzo
Diego, Prince of Asturias
Felipe III





3rd generation



Felipe IV
Infante Carlos
Infante Fernando
Infante Alfonso Mauricio





4th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Asturias
Felipe Próspero, Prince of Asturias
Infante Fernando Tomás
Carlos II





5th generation



None





6th generation



None





7th generation



Luis I
Infante Felipe
Infante Felipe Pedro
Fernando VI
Carlos III
Felipe, Duke of Parma
Infante Luis, Count of Chinchón





8th generation



Infante Felipe, Duke of Calabria
Carlos IV
Fernando I of the Two Sicilies
Infante Gabriel
Infante Antonio Pascual
Infante Francisco Javier
Fernando, Duke of Parma 1





9th generation



Infante Carlos Clemente
Infante Carlos Domingo
Infante Carlos Francisco de Paula
Infante Felipe Francisco de Paula
Fernando VII
Infante Carlos, Count of Molina
Infante Felipe María
Infante Francisco de Paula
Infante Pedro Carlos, Infante of Portugal 1
Infante Carlos1
Luis I of Etruria 2





10th generation



Infante Antonio, Duke of Montpensier 2
Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin 1
Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1
Infante Fernando1
Infante Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz1
Francisco de Asís, King consort of Spain 1
Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville 1
Infante Eduardo Felipe 1
Infante Fernando María1
Infante Sebastián, Infante of Portugal 1
Carlos II, Duke of Parma 1





11th generation



Infante Fernando
Infante Francisco de Asís
Alfonso XII
Infante Francisco de Asís
Infante Gaetan, Count of Girgenti 2
Infante Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Fernando of Orléans 1
Infante Felipe of Orleans1
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis of Orleans1
Carlos III, Duke of Parma 1





12th generation



Infante Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies 2
Infante Ferdinand of Bavaria 2
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Luis Fernando of Orléans 1
Roberto I, Duke of Parma 1





13th generation



Alfonso, Prince of Asturias
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia
Infante Fernando
Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona
Infante Gonzalo
Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria 1
Infante Fernando of Bourbon-Two Sicilies1
Infante Luis Alfonso of Bavaria 1
Infante José Eugenio of Bavaria 1
Infante Alvaro, Duke of Galliera 1
Infante Afonso of Orléans 1
Infante Ataúlfo of Orléans 1





14th generation



Juan Carlos I
Infante Alfonso
Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria 1





15th generation



Felipe VI





16th generation



None








1 title granted by Royal Decree
2 consort to an Infanta naturalized as a Spanish Infante












v
t
e


Infantes of Portugal




The generations indicate descent from Afonso I, and continues through the House of Aviz, the House of Habsburg through Infanta Isabel, Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Spain, and the House of Braganza through Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza.



1st generation



Infante Henrique
Sancho I
Infante João





2nd generation



Afonso II
Infante Raimundo
Infante Pedro, Count of Urgell
Infante Fernando, Count of Flanders
Infante Henrique





3rd generation



Sancho II
Afonso III
Infante Fernando, Lord of Serpa





4th generation



Infante Fernando
Dinis I
Infante Afonso, Lord of Portalegre
Infante Vicente





5th generation



Afonso IV
Infante Afonso, Lord of Leiria





6th generation



Infante Afonso
Infante Dinis
Pedro I
Infante João





7th generation



Infante Luís
Fernando I
Infante Afonso
Infante João, Duke of Valencia de Campos
Infante Dinis, Lord of Cifuentes





8th generation



Infante Pedro
Infante Afonso (1382)
Infante Afonso (1390–1400)
Duarte I
Infante Pedro, Duke of Coimbra
Infante Henrique, Duke of Viseu
Infante João, Constable of Portugal
Infante Fernando





9th generation



Infante João
Afonso V
Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte
Infante Pedro, Constable of Portugal
Infante João, Prince of Antioch
Cardinal-Infante Jaime of Coimbra
Infante Diogo, Constable of Portugal





10th generation



João, Prince of Portugal
João II
Infante João, Duke of Viseu
Infante Diogo, Duke of Viseu
Infante Duarte of Viseu
Infante Dinis of Viseu
Infante Simão of Viseu
Infante Afonso of Viseu
Manuel I





11th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Infante João
Miguel da Paz, Prince of Portugal and Asturias*
João III
Infante Luís, Duke of Beja
Infante Fernando, Duke of Guarda
Cardinal-Infante Afonso
Henrique I (The Cardinal-King)
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães
Infante António
Infante Carlos





12th generation



Afonso, Prince of Portugal
Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Filipe, Prince of Portugal
Infante Dinis
João Manuel, Prince of Portugal
Infante António
Infante Duarte, Duke of Guimarães





13th generation



Sebastião I
Carlos, Prince of Asturias§#
Diogo, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Filipe II§#
Manuel, Hereditary Prince of Portugalƒ





14th generation



Filipe III§#
Infante Carlos§#
Cardinal-Infante Fernando§#
Infante Alfonso Mauricio§#





15th generation



Baltasar Carlos, Prince of Portugal and Asturias§#
Infante Francisco Fernando§#
Teodósio, Prince of Brazil
Afonso VI
Pedro II





16th generation



João, Prince of Brazil
João V
Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja
Infante António
Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém





17th generation



Pedro, Prince of Brazil
José I
Infante Carlos
Pedro III
Infante Alexandre





18th generation



None





19th generation



José, Prince of Brazil
Infante João (1762)
Infante João Francisco
João VI





20th generation



Francisco António, Prince of Beira
Pedro I of Brazil & IV of Portugal
Miguel I
Infante Pedro Carlos§





21st generation



Miguel, Prince of Beira
João Carlos, Prince of Beira
Infante Miguel, Duke of Braganza
Infante Sebastião§





22nd generation



Pedro V¶
Luís I¶
Infante João, Duke of Beja¶
Infante Fernando¶
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra¶
Infante Leopoldo¶
Infante Eugénio¶
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Francisco José
Infante Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza





23rd generation



Carlos I¶
Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto¶
Infante Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza
Infante Miguel, Duke of Viseu
Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra





24th generation



Luís Filipe, Prince Royal¶
Manuel II¶
Afonso, Prince of Beira
Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto






* also an infante of Castile and León, Aragon, Sicily and Naples,  § also an infante of Spain,  # also an archduke of Austria,  ‡ also an imperial prince of Brazil,  ¶ also a prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony  ƒ claimant infante










v
t
e


Princes and Princesses of Asturias






Leonor (2014–present)













Henry (1388–90)
Maria (1402–05)
John (1405–06)
Catherine (1423–24)
Eleanor (1424–25)
Henry (1425–54)
Joanna (1462–64)
Alfonso (1464–68)
Isabella (1468–70)
Isabella (1470–78)
John (1478–97)
Isabella (1497–98)
Michael (1498–1500)
Joanna (1502–04)
Charles (1504–16)
Philip (1527–56)
Charles (1556–68)
Ferdinand (1571–78)
Diego (1578–82)
Philip (1582–98)
Philip (1605–21)
Balthasar Charles (1629–1646)
Philip Prospero (1657–1661)
Charles (1661–1665)
Louis (1709–24)
Ferdinand (1724–46)
Charles (1759–88)
Ferdinand (1788–1808)
Isabella (1830–33)
Isabella (1851–57)
Alfonso (1857–68)
Emanuele Filiberto (1871–73)
Isabella (1875–80)
Mercedes (1881–1904)
Alfonso (1907–38)
Felipe (1977–2014)
Leonor (2014– )












v
t
e


Austrian archdukes



1st generation



Frederick V
Albert VI
Sigismund





2nd generation



Cristopher
Maximilian I
John
Wolfgang





3rd generation



Philip I of Castile
Archduke Francis





4th generation



Charles I
Ferdinand I





5th generation



Philip II of Spain*
Maximilian II
Ferdinand II
Ferdinand*
John*
John
Ferdinand*
Charles II





6th generation



Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Rudolf V
Ernest
Matthias
Maximilian III
Albert VII
Wenzel
Frederick
Charles
Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand
Carlos Lorenzo*
Diego, Prince of Asturias*
Philip III of Spain*
Ferdinand III
Charles
Maximilian Ernest
Leopold V
Archduke Charles





7th generation



Charles
Philip IV of Spain*
Philipp
John-Charles
Albert
Charles*
Ferdinand IV
Ferdinand*
Alfonso Mauricio
Leopold Wilhelm
Ferdinand Charles
Sigismund Francis





8th generation



Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand IV of Hungary
Francisco Fernando*
Philip August
Maximilian Thomas
Leopold VI
Charles Joseph
Ferdinand Joseph Alois
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias*
Ferdinand Thomas*
Charles II of Spain*





9th generation



Ferdinand Wenzel
John Leopold
Joseph I
Leopold Joseph
Charles III





10th generation



Leopold Joseph
Leopold John





11th generation



Joseph II**
Charles Louis**
Leopold VII**
Ferdinand**
Maximilian Franz, Archbishop-Elector of Cologne**





12th generation



Emperor Francis I**
Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Charles, Duke of Teschen**
Alexander Leopold, Palatine of Hungary**
Joseph, Palatine of Hungary**
Anton Victor**
John**
Rainer Joseph**
Archduke Louis**
Cardinal-Archduke Rudolf**
Joseph Franz***
Francis IV, Duke of Modena***
Ferdinand Karl Joseph***
Maximilian***
Karl, Primate of Hungary***





13th generation



Emperor Ferdinand I
Francis Leopold, Grand Prince of Tuscany**
Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Joseph Franz
Franz Karl
Johann Nepomuk
Albert, Duke of Teschen
Stephen, Palatine of Hungary
Karl Ferdinand
Francis V, Duke of Modena***
Frederick Ferdinand
Ferdinand Karl Viktor***
Archduke Rudolf
Leopold Ludwig
Ernest
Alexander
Sigismund Leopold
Rainer Ferdinand
Wilhelm Franz
Heinrich Anton
Maximilian Karl
Joseph Karl





14th generation



Emperor Franz Joseph I
Maximilian I of Mexico
Karl Ludwig
Ludwig Viktor
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany**
Karl Salvator**
Rainier**
Ludwig Salvator**
John Salvator**
Karl
Franz Joseph
Friedrich, Duke of Teschen
Charles Stephen
Eugen
Joseph August
Archduke Ladislaus





15th generation



Crown Prince Rudolf
Franz Ferdinand***
Otto Francis
Ferdinand Karl
Leopold Ferdinand**
Josef Ferdinand**
Peter Ferdinand**
Heinrich Ferdinand**
Robert Ferdinand**
Leopold Salvator**
Franz Salvator**
Archduke Albrecht Salvator**
Archduke Rainier Salvator**
Archduke Ferdinand Salvator**
Albrecht Franz, Duke of Teschen
Karl Albrecht
Leo Karl
Wilhelm
Joseph Francis
Archduke Ladislaus Joseph
Archduke Matthias





16th generation



Emperor Charles I
Maximilian Eugen
Habsburg - Tuscany :
Archduke Gottfried**
Georg**
Rainer**
Leopold Maria**
Anton**
Franz Joseph**
Karl Pius**
Franz Karl**
Hubert Salvator**
Theodor Salvator**
Clemens Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Árpád
Archduke Itsván
Géza
Michael Koloman





17th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Crown Prince Otto
Robert***
Felix
Carl Ludwig
Rudolf
Descent of Maximilian :
Ferdinand Karl
Heinrich Maria
Tuscany :
Leopold Franz**
Guntram**
Radbot**
Johann**
Georg**
Stephan**
Dominic**
Friederich Salvator**
Andreas Salvator**
Markus**
Johann**
Michael**
Franz Salvator**
Karl Salvator**
Palatines of Hungary :
Joseph Karl
Andreas Agustinus
Nicholas Franz
Johann Jacob
Edward Karl
Paul Rudolf





18th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Karl
Georg
Lorenz***
Gerhard***
Martin***
Karl Philipp
Raimund Joseph
Itsván
Rudolf
Carl Christian
Karl Peter
Simeon
Johannes
Descent of Maximilian :
Maximilian Heinrich
Philipp Joachim
Ferdinand Karl
Konrad
Tuscany :
Sigismund**
Georg**
Guntram**
Leopold**
Alexander Salvator**
Thaddäus Salvator**
Casimir Salvator**
Matthias**
Johannes**
Bernhard**
Benedikt**
Palatines :
Joseph Albrecht (1994–)
Paul Leo (1996–)
Friedrich Cyprian (1995–)
Pierre (1997–)
Benedikt Alexander (2005–)
Nicolás (2003–)
Santiago (2006–)
Johannes (2010–)
Paul Benedikt (2000–)





19th generation



Descent of Charles I :
Ferdinand Zvonimir
Karl Konstantin
Amedeo***
Joachim***
Bartholomaeus***
Emmanuel***
Luigi***
Felix Carl
Andreas Franz
Paul Johannes
Carl Christian
Johannes
Thomas
Franz Ludwig
Michael
Joseph
Imre
Christoph
Alexander
Lorenz Carl
Johannes
Ludwig
Philipp
Descent of Maximilian :
Nicholas
Constantin
Jacob Maximilian
Tuscany :
Leopold Amedeo**
Maximilian**
Leopold**
Constantin Salvator**
Paul Salvator**








*also an infante of Spain
** also a prince of Tuscany
*** also a prince of Modena









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 88888342
LCCN: n85049399
ISNI: 0000 0001 2142 6201
GND: 118593846
SUDOC: 061144436
BNF: cb12240811g (data)
ULAN: 500354067
NDL: 001197529
RKD: 441266










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_III_of_Spain&oldid=790471529"					
Categories: Spanish monarchsPhilippine dynasty1578 births1621 deathsSpanish Baroque peoplePortuguese monarchsRoman Catholic monarchsSpanish people of the Eighty Years' WarPeople of the Anglo-Spanish War (1585–1604)Nobility from MadridKings of SicilyPrinces of AsturiasPrinces of GironaDukes of MontblancCounts of CerveraLords of BalaguerPrinces of PortugalSpanish infantesPortuguese infantesDukes of MilanKnights of SantiagoKnights of the Golden FleeceBurials in the Pantheon of Kings at El EscorialGrand Masters of the Order of the Golden Fleece16th-century Portuguese monarchs17th-century Portuguese monarchs16th-century Spanish people17th-century Spanish peopleHidden categories: Articles containing Spanish-language textArticles containing Portuguese-language textWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with RKDartists identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSicilianuSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWest-Vlams吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 13 July 2017, at 23:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Phillip Louis  Gomez III - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Phillip Louis  Gomez III
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Phillip Louis  Gomez III. Find out Phillip Louis  Gomez III address and contact details. View other people related to Phillip Louis  Gomez III - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O SIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 660 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1700 NEW YORK 10065 NY




Companies related to Phillip Louis  Gomez III
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001010086SIGA TECHNOLOGIES INCChief Executive Officer 660 MADISON AVENUE SUITE 1700 NEW YORK 10065




Phillip Louis  Gomez III on the Web
Persons related to Phillip Louis  Gomez III - SIGA TECHNOLOGIES INCNamePositionCityRobin Elizabeth  AbramsNEW YORKJames  AntalDirector NEW YORK,James  AntalDirector NEW YORK,James  AntalDirector NEW YORK,James  AntalDirector NEW YORKJames  AntalDirector NEW YORKJames  AntalDirector NEW YORKJames  AntalDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL J  BAYERDirector ARLINGTONMICHAEL J  BAYERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL J  BAYERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL J  BAYERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL J  BAYERDirector NEW YORKWilliam C  BevinsDirector NEW YORKWilliam C  BevinsDirector NEW YORKSUSAN K  BURGESSPresident NEW YORK,SUSAN K  BURGESS POWAY,THOMAS E  CONSTANCEDirector NEW YORKTHOMAS E  CONSTANCEDirector NEW YORK,THOMAS E  CONSTANCEDirector NEW YORKTHOMAS E  CONSTANCEDirector NEW YORKTHOMAS E  CONSTANCEDirector NEW YORKDONALD G  DRAPKINDirector NEW YORKAyelet  DugaryActing Chief Financial Officer NEW YORKSteven L  FasmanDirector NEW YORKSteven L  FasmanDirector NEW YORKPhillip Louis  Gomez IIIChief Executive Officer NEW YORKScott M  HammerDirector NEW YORKScott M  HammerDirector NEW YORKWilliam J  Haynes IIExecutive VP & General Counsel NEW YORKWilliam J  Haynes IIExecutive VP & General Counsel NEW YORKDennis E  HrubyVP & Chief Scientific Officer NEW YORK,Dennis E  HrubyChief Scientific Officer NEW YORKDennis E  HrubyChief Scientific Officer NEW YORK,Dennis E  HrubyVP & Chief Scientific Officer NEW YORKDennis E  HrubyVP & Chief Scientific Officer NEW YORKDennis E  HrubyVP & Chief Scientific Officer NEW YORKBERNARD L  KASTENChief Executive Officer NEW YORKBERNARD L  KASTENChief Executive Officer NEW YORK,JEFFREY B  KINDLERDirector JEFFREY B  KINDLERDirector NEW YORKJEFFREY B  KINDLERDirector NEW YORKTHOMAS N  KONATICHCFO, Secretary and Treasurer NEW YORKTHOMAS N  KONATICHChief Financial Officer NEW YORKDaniel J  LuckshireExecutive VP & CFO NEW YORKDaniel J  LuckshireExecutive VP & CFO NEW YORKMacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.NEW YORKMacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.Director NEW YORKMacAndrews & Forbes Inc.NEW YORKMacAndrews & Forbes LLCNEW YORKMacAndrews & Forbes LLCNEW YORKMAFCO HOLDINGS INCDirector NEW YORKJoseph W  Marshall IIIDirector FT. WASHINGTON,Joseph W  Marshall IIIDirector FT. WASHINGTON,Joseph W  Marshall IIIDirector PHILADELPHIAJoseph W  Marshall IIIDirector PHILADELPHIAJoseph W  Marshall IIIPHILADELPHIAJoseph W  Marshall IIIDirector NEW YORKJoseph W  Marshall IIIDirector NEW YORKADNAN M M  MJALLIDirector NEW YORK,ADNAN M M  MJALLIDirector NEW YORK,ADNAN M M  MJALLIDirector NEW YORKADNAN M M  MJALLIDirector HIGH POINTJohn  OddenVP - Business Development NEW YORK,MEHMET C MD  OZDirector NEW YORK,MEHMET C MD  OZDirector NEW YORKRONALD O  PERELMAN10% Owner NEW YORKRONALD O  PERELMAN10% Owner NEW YORKMichael C.  Plansky NEW YORKERIC A MD  ROSEExecutive Chairman NEW YORKERIC A MD  ROSEChief Executive Officer NEW YORKERIC A MD  ROSEChief Executive Officer NEW YORKERIC A MD  ROSEDirector NEW YORK,ERIC A MD  ROSEChief Executive Officer NEW YORKPAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORK,PAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORK,PAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORKPAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORKPAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORKPAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORKPAUL G  SAVASDirector NEW YORKJudy S  SlotkinDirector NEW YORK,Judy S  SlotkinDirector NEW YORK,Judy S  SlotkinDirector NEW YORKBRUCE  SLOVINDirector NEW YORKBRUCE  SLOVINDirector NEW YORKBRUCE  SLOVINDirector NEW YORKBRUCE  SLOVINDirector NEW YORKBRUCE  SLOVINDirector NEW YORKANDREW L  STERNDirector NEW YORKANDREW L  STERNDirector NEW YORKANDREW L  STERNDirector NEW YORKSTH Partners, L.P.PHILADELPHIAFRANCES F  TOWNSENDDirector NEW YORKFRANCES F  TOWNSENDDirector NEW YORKFRANCES F  TOWNSENDDirector NEW YORKFRANCES F  TOWNSENDDirector NEW YORKTRANSTECH PHARMA INC10% Owner HIGH POINTMICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORK,MICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORK,MICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL MD  WEINERDirector NEW YORK












 
















Gomez Phillip Louis III - Siga Technologies Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsGomez Phillip Louis IIISiga Technologies Inc (SIGA)Chief Executive Officer Not RankedGomez Phillip Louis III's PerformanceGomez Phillip Louis III has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Gomez Phillip Louis III's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateSIGASiga Technologies IncChief Executive Officer-Gomez Phillip Louis III has not reported any informative transactions for SIGA, therefore, performance cannot be measured.See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























