Gopher Protocol, Inc 8-K Aug 22 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Gopher Protocol, Inc (GOPH)FORM 8-K | Current reportAug 22 2016|About: Gopher Protocol, Inc (GOPH)View as PDF

 Gopher Protocol Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 08/22/2016 14:29:40) 













	 






	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	Washington,
	DC 20549





	 





	FORM
	8-K





	 




	CURRENT
	REPORT




	Pursuant
	to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date
	of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 11, 2016




	 




	Commission
	File Number 000-54530 




	 





	GOPHER
	PROTOCOL INC.





	(Exact
	name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)




	 







	Nevada 






	27-0603137







	(State
	or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 




	(I.R.S.
	Employer Identification No.)






	 




	2500
	Broadway, Suite F125, Santa Monica, CA 90404




	(Address
	of principal executive offices)




	 





	424-238-4589





	(Issuer’s
	telephone number)




	 




	Check
	the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
	under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):








	 ☐




	Written communications pursuant
	to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)






	 




	 






	 ☐




	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)






	 




	 






	 ☐




	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
	Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))






	 




	 






	 ☐




	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
	Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))













	 









	 







	 









	Item
	8.01	Other Events.





	 




	On
	August 11, 2016, Gopher Protocol Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release

	announcing
	the completion of the testing phase for the design and construction of the Guardian Patch "GOPHERINSIGHT™" circuit
	prototype device. The test results of the GOPHERINSIGHT™ technology proved range coverage of approximately 30 square miles
	without material infrastructure in place.  The GOPHERINSIGHT™ prototypes are being shipped to the Company's offices
	in San Diego for further testing within a larger and more densely populated urban area.





	A
	copy of the Company’s press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.











	Item
	9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits





	 







	Exhibit
	Number





	 




	 

	Description







	 




	 




	 






	99.1




	 




	Press Release dated
	August 11, 2016








	 





	 








	SIGNATURES





	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
	by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.




	 






	 




	 




	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	By:/s/

	Michael Murray







	 




	 




	Name:

	Michael
	Murray







	 




	 




	Title: CEO, President, Secretary,






	 




	 




	Treasurer and Director






	 




	 




	 






	Date:




	August 22, 2016




	 






	 




	Santa Monica

	,
	California





	 









	 






	 




	 















	Exhibit
	99.1






	 






	Gopher
	Protocol Announces Post Testing Phase of the






	Guardian
	Patch Product Design





	 




	SAN
	DIEGO, CA -- (Marketwired - Aug 11, 2016) - Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTCQB: GOPH) ("Gopher" and the "Company"),
	a development-stage Company which specializes in the development of real-time, heuristic-based mobile technologies, and its partner,
	Guardian Patch LLC, announced today that they have completed the testing phase for the design and construction of the Guardian
	Patch "GOPHERINSIGHT™" circuit prototype device. The test results of the GOPHERINSIGHT™ technology
	proved range coverage of about 30 square miles without material infrastructure in place. The GOPHERINSIGHT™ prototypes
	are being shipped to the Company's offices in San Diego for further testing within a larger and more densely populated urban area.




	Product
	lifecycle management is the process of managing the entire lifecycle of a product from inception, through engineering design and
	manufacture, to service and disposal of manufactured products. The lifecycle of a product will generally include: Phase 1: 

	Conceive

	 -
	imagine, specify, plan, innovate; Phase 2: 

	Design 

	- describe, define, develop, test, analyze and validate; Phase
	3: 

	Realize

	 - manufacture, make, build, procure, produce, sell and deliver; and Phase 4: 

	Service

	 -
	use, operate, maintain, support, sustain, phase-out, retire, recycle and disposal.




	 




	Applying
	the above principles, the Guardian Patch is currently in Phase 2, where the detailed design and development of the product's form
	begins, progressing to prototype testing, through pilot release to full product launch. This step covers many engineering disciplines,
	including, mechanical, electrical, electronic, software (embedded, server, mobile) and domain-specific, such as communication
	protocol design, along with the actual creation of the product including the analysis of the components, product assembly and
	packaging.



	 



	The
	Guardian Patch prototypes are working with the Company's electronic circuit and mobile app, which can be downloaded for free at
	the Apple Store and on Google Play under the name "Guardian Patch".  As a courtesy to the public, the Company previously
	released the Guardian Patch app to provide users with live views of the Guardian Patch units during testing. The Company released
	a short video which further explains the product phase and future plans -- https://youtu.be/C-aSj9TUUmw




	 




	The
	Guardian Patch prototype unit contains the Company's 

	GOPHERINSIGHT™

	 integrated circuit technology. The
	Guardian Patch prototype consists of mobile units and base units. The mobile unit's real-time position is shown on the mobile
	app. The system provides an accurate location and progress presentation of the Guardian Patch mobile unit via the mobile map.
	The prototype system is currently reporting about the mobile unit's location every few seconds in order to test a real-time positioning
	system. The web-based program may in the future provide statistical information about the mobile units, including, but not
	limited to, travel distance, cities visited, travel time and more. This data will be used in the future to enhance customers'
	vital statistics for personal purposes. In addition, other electrical factors are measured and studied, such as electrical
	power consumption, transmission intervals, terrain and weather effects and more. In parallel, the Company is constantly enhancing
	and improving the system's software to handle large amount of mobile units and their coverage. Special attention is also given
	to human engineering of user friendly UI (User Interface) of the mobile application software and the web-based control program. Additionally,
	a robust database management system is being designed in order to manage large numbers of mobile units efficiently.




	 




	The
	Guardian Patch prototype, which the Company hopes will arrive in the consumer markets sometime in 2017, of which there is no guarantee,
	is a unique location technology that works with or without
	GPS. It is a stick-on tracking device that protects and tracks objects, from a phone to a laptop to a loved one or a pet,
	through a mobile app.







	 









	 












	About
	Guardian Patch





	 




	The
	Guardian Patch (the "Patch"), potentially arriving in consumer markets in 2017, is a unique location technology that
	works with or without GPS. The Patch is a "stick-on" device that provides its users with the capability to protect
	and track objects, a loved-one or even a pet, through a mobile application. Download the Patch app, register your patch,
	and track anything that you own on your mobile device or on our designated website. Register the Patches of your family members
	and friends to receive alerts in the event of an emergency. Peel the Patch off and the Patch acts as a beacon, sending out
	a signal and notifying anyone who has registered the user's Patch.





	About
	Gopher Protocol Inc.





	 




	Gopher
	Protocol Inc. (OTCQB: GOPH) ("Gopher" and the "Company") (http://gopherprotocol.com/) is a development-stage
	company developing a real-time, heuristic-based mobile technology. Upon development, the technology will consist of a smart
	microchip, mobile application software and supporting software that will run on a server. The system contemplates the creation
	of a global network. Gopher believes this will be the first system that is developed using a human, heuristic-based analysis
	engine. Since the core of the system will be its advanced microchip technology that will be capable of being installed in
	any mobile device worldwide, Gopher expects that this will result in an internal, private network between all mobile devices utilizing
	the microchip by providing mobile technology for computing power enhancement, advanced mobile database management/sharing and
	other additional mobile features.




	 




	Corporate
	Site: http://gopherprotocol.com

	Press page/ press kit - http://gopherprotocol.com/?page_id=228

	Consumer and product website for Guardian Patch: http://www.guardianpatch.com/.






	 








	Forward-Looking
	Statements






	 




	Certain
	statements contained in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements provide
	current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to
	any historical or current fact. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as
	a result of various important factors as disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission located at their
	website (http://www.sec.gov). In addition to these factors, actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially
	because of more general factors including (without limitation) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, economic
	conditions, and governmental and public policy changes. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent
	the Company's views as of the date of this press release and these views could change. However, while the Company may elect
	to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do
	so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent
	to the date of the press release.




	 




	Image
	Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3043725





	 






	Contact:


	Danny Rittman

	CTO

	Gopher Protocol Inc. 

	888-685-7336

	Media: press@gopherprotocol.com




	 










Gopher Protocol, Inc 8-K May. 26, 2017  2:43 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Gopher Protocol, Inc (GOPH)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 26, 2017  2:43 PM|About: Gopher Protocol, Inc (GOPH)View as PDF

 Gopher Protocol Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/26/2017 14:44:51) 












	 




	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, DC 20549



	 



	FORM 8-K



	 


	CURRENT REPORT


	Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities
	and Exchange Act of 1934


	 


	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
	May 23, 2017


	 


	Commission File Number 000-54530 


	 



	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.



	(Exact name of small business issuer as specified
	in its charter)


	 






	Nevada 






	27-0603137







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 




	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)





	 



	2500 Broadway, Suite F-125, Santa Monica, CA
	90404



	(Address of principal executive offices)


	 



	424-238-4589



	(Issuer’s telephone number)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
	simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions
	A.2. below):


	 


	☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
	Act (17 CFR 230.425)


	 


	☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
	(17 CFR 240.14a-12)


	 


	☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
	the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


	 


	☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
	the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

	 




	 









	 




	 




	 












	Item 1.01




	Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement
















	Item 2.03




	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
















	Item 3.02




	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities





	 


	On March 29, 2016, Gopher Protocol Inc. (the “Company”) contributed
	all of its rights relating to its proprietary microchip that is within a sticky patch package (the “Patch”) to Guardian
	Patch LLC (“Guardian LLC”) in consideration of 50% of the profit generated by Guardian LLC and a commitment from Guardian
	LLC that it is responsible for investing all needed funds for the purpose of developing the Patch and related products to the Patch.
	Since April 2016, Guardian also provided loans to the Company for the Company’s working capital purposes, outside of its
	commitment to develop the Patch, in the aggregate amount of $660,131.80 (the “Loans”). On May 23, 2017, the Company
	entered into a Conversion Agreement with Guardian LLC pursuant to which the parties agreed to convert the Loans provided by Guardian
	LLC to the Company into a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $660,131.80 (the “Note”).


	 


	The Note bears interest at 6%, matures May 30, 2019 and is convertible
	into the Company’s common stock, at Guardian LLC’s option, at a conversion price equal to 50% of the lowest closing
	price for the common stock on the principal market during the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the conversion
	date, which, in no event, will be less than $0.01 per share. Guardian LLC has agreed to restrict their ability to convert the Note
	and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them in the aggregate and their affiliates
	after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.9% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock.


	 


	The Note was offered and sold to Guardian LLC in a private placement
	transaction made in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or
	Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. Guardian LLC is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under
	the Securities Act of 1933.


	 


	The foregoing information is a summary of each of the agreements involved
	in the transactions described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of those agreements,
	each of which is attached an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K.  Readers should review those agreements for
	a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction.




	 







	Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.



	 










	Exhibit Number






	Description







	4.1



	6% Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Guardian Patch LLC dated May 23, 2017




	 





	10.1



	Conversion Agreement between the Company and Guardian Patch LLC dated May 23, 2017






	 





	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements
	of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
	thereunto duly authorized.


	 






	 


	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By: /s/ Michael Murray


	 




	 


	Name: Michael Murray


	 




	 


	Title: CEO


	 




	  


	Date:        May 26, 2017


	     Santa Monica, California



	 






	 










	 






	Exhibit 4.1




	 


	NEITHER THIS CONVERTIBLE NOTE NOR
	THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS CONVERTIBLE NOTE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
	AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAW, AND SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
	REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR STATE LAW OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


	 





	$660,131.80


	 



	 



	Los Angeles,
	California


	Execution Date:
	May 23, 2017;


	Effective Date:
	December 31, 2016






	 



	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.



	 



	6% CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE MAY 30, 2019



	 


	FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
	Gopher Protocol Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), hereby promises to pay to the order of GUARDIAN PATCH LLC,
	the principal amount of Six Hundred Sixty Thousand, Hundred Thirty-One Dollars and 80 Cents ($660,131.80) on May 30, 2019 (“Maturity
	Date”). Interest on the outstanding principal balance shall be paid at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum, payable on
	the Maturity Date. Accrued interest shall also be payable at such time as any payment of principal of this Convertible Note is
	made. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, using the number of days actually elapsed.


	 


	ARTICLE 1.



	Events of Default and Acceleration



	 


	(a)  

	Events
	of Default Defined

	. The entire unpaid principal amount of this Convertible Note, together with interest thereon shall, on
	written notice to the Company given by the holder of this Convertible Note, forthwith become and be due and payable if any one
	or more the following events (“Events of Default”) shall have occurred (for any reason whatsoever and whether such
	happening shall be voluntary or involuntary or be affected or come about by operation of law pursuant to or in compliance with
	any judgment, decree, or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) and be
	continuing. An Event of Default shall occur:


	 


	(i)         if
	failure shall be made in the payment of the principal when and as the same shall become due and such failure shall continue for
	a period of five (5) business days after such payment is due; or


	 


	(ii)        if
	failure shall be made in the payment of any installment of interest any of the Convertible Notes when and as the same shall become
	due and payable whether at maturity or otherwise and such failure shall continue for ten (10) days after the date such payment
	is due; or


	 


	(iii)       if
	the Company shall violate or breach any of the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Convertible Note and
	such violation or breach shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice of such breach shall been received by the Company
	from the holder of the Convertible Note; or


	 




	 





	 




	 


	(iv)       if
	the Company shall consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee or liquidator of itself or of a substantial part of its property,
	or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for the
	benefit of creditors, or shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or an answer seeking reorganization in a proceeding under
	any bankruptcy law (as now or hereafter in effect) or an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against
	the Company, in any such proceeding, or shall by voluntary petition, answer or consent, seek relief under the provisions of any
	other now existing or future bankruptcy or other similar law providing for the reorganization or winding up of corporations, or
	an arrangement, composition, extension or adjustment with its or their creditors, or shall, in a petition in bankruptcy filed against
	it or them be adjudicated a bankrupt, or the Company or their directors or a majority of its stockholders shall vote to dissolve
	or liquidate the Company other than a liquidation involving a transfer of assets from a Subsidiary to the Company; or


	 


	(v)        if
	an involuntary petition shall be filed against the Company seeking relief against the Company under any now existing or future
	bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law providing for the reorganization or winding up of corporations, or an arrangement,
	composition, extension or adjustment with its or their creditors, and such petition shall not be vacated or set aside within ninety
	(90) days from the filing thereof; or


	 


	(vi)       if
	a court of competent jurisdiction shall enter an order, judgment or decree appointing, without consent of the Company, a receiver,
	trustee or liquidator of the Company, or of all or any substantial part of the property of the Company, or approving a petition
	filed against the Company or any Material Subsidiary seeking a reorganization or arrangement of the Company or any Material Subsidiary
	under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any other applicable law or statute of the United States of America or any State thereof,
	or any substantial part of the property of the Company shall be sequestered; and such order, judgment or decree shall not be vacated
	or set aside within ninety (90) days from the date of the entry thereof.


	 


	(b)  

	Rights
	of Convertible Note Holder

	. Nothing in this Convertible Note shall be construed to modify, amend or limit in any way the right
	of the holder of this Convertible Note to bring an action against the Company.


	 


	ARTICLE 2.



	Conversion



	 


	(a)  

	Right of Conversion

	.


	 


	(i)         At
	any time commencing on the date hereof (the “Initial Conversion Date”), the holder of this Convertible Note shall have
	the right, in whole at any time and in part from time to time, prior to payment of the principal of this Convertible Note, to convert
	all or any part of the principal amount of this Convertible Note outstanding from time to time and any accrued but unpaid interest
	thereon into such number of shares of Common Stock at the conversion price hereinafter defined (the “Conversion Price”);
	provided, that the right to conversion shall terminate at 5:00 P.M. New York City time on the business day prior to the Maturity
	Date of this Convertible Note.


	 


	(ii)        In
	order to exercise the conversion right, the holder of this Convertible Note shall surrender this Convertible Note at the office
	of the Company together with written instructions specifying the portion of the principal amount of accrued interest on this Convertible
	Note which the holder elects to convert and the registration and delivery of certificates for shares of Common Stock issuable upon
	such conversion. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of principal and interest on this Convertible Note are referred
	to as the “Conversion Shares.” The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon any whole or partial conversion of
	this Convertible Note shall be determined by dividing the amount of principal and interest being converted by the Conversion Price
	in effect on the date of such conversion, which shall be the date this Convertible Note is delivered to the Company for conversion.
	The holder shall thereupon be deemed the holder of the shares of Common Stock so issued, and the principal amount of the Convertible
	Note and interest thereon, to the extent so converted, shall be deemed to have been paid in full. If this Convertible Note shall
	have been converted in part, the holder of this Convertible Note shall be entitled to a new Convertible Note representing the unpaid
	principal balance of such Convertible Note remaining after deducting the principal amount of the Convertible Note converted.


	 




	-

	2

	- 





	 




	 


	(b)  

	Conversion
	Price

	. The Conversion Price shall mean 50% of the lowest closing price for the Common Stock on the principal market during
	the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Conversion Date. “Trading Day” shall mean any day
	on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCQB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities
	market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. The Conversion Price will in no case be lower than $0.01 (1 penny);

	provided,
	however, that in no event shall the holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note
	upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates
	(other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of
	the Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion
	or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
	of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial
	ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso
	to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Regulation 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided
	in clause (1) of such proviso, provided, further, however, that the limitations on conversion may be waived by the holder upon,
	at the election of the Holder, not less than 61 days’ prior notice to the Borrower, and the provisions of the conversion
	limitation shall continue to apply until such 61st day (or such later date, as determined by the holder, as may be specified in
	such notice of waiver).



	 


	(c)  

	Reclassification,
	Reorganization or Merger

	. In case of any reclassification, capital reorganization or other change of outstanding shares of
	Common Stock of the Company, or in case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other
	than a merger with a subsidiary in which merger the Company is the continuing corporation and which does not result in any reclassification,
	capital reorganization or other change of outstanding shares of Common Stock or the class issuable upon conversion of this Convertible
	Note) or in case of any sale, lease or conveyance to another corporation of the property of the Company as an entirety, the Company
	shall, as a condition precedent to such transaction, cause effective provisions to be made so that the holder of this Convertible
	Note shall have the right thereafter by converting this Convertible Note, to purchase the kind and amount of shares of stock and
	other securities and property receivable upon such reclassification, capital reorganization and other change, consolidation, merger,
	sale or conveyance by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock which might have been purchased upon conversion of this
	Convertible Note immediately prior to such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance.


	 


	(d)  

	Fractional
	Shares

	. No fractional shares or script representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any Convertible
	Notes.


	 




	-

	3

	- 





	 




	 


	ARTICLE 3.



	Miscellaneous



	 


	(a)  

	Transferability

	.
	This Convertible Note shall not be transferred except in a transaction exempt from registration pursuant to the Securities Act
	and applicable state securities law. The Company shall treat as the owner of this Convertible Note the person shown as the owner
	on its books and records.


	 



	(b)  

	WAIVER
	OF TRIAL BY JURY

	. IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE PAYMENT OF THIS NOTE, THE COMPANY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY.



	 



	(c)  

	WAIVER
	OF ANY RIGHT OF COUNTERCLAIM

	. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM IT MAY
	HAVE AGAINST THE HOLDER OF THIS CONVERTIBLE NOTE BY WAY OF A COUNTERCLAIM (OTHER THAN A COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIM) IN ANY ACTION
	ON THIS CONVERTIBLE NOTE.



	 


	(d)  

	Usury
	Saving Provision

	. All payment obligations arising under this Convertible Note are subject to the express condition that at
	no time shall the Company be obligated or required to pay interest at a rate which could subject the holder of this Convertible
	Note to either civil or criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the maximum rate which the Company is permitted by
	law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this Convertible Note, the Company is at any time required or obligated to
	pay interest at a rate in excess of such maximum rate, the applicable rate of interest shall be deemed to be immediately reduced
	to such maximum rate, and interest thus payable shall be computed at such maximum rate, and the portion of all prior interest
	payments in excess of such maximum rate shall be applied and shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal.


	 


	(e)  

	Governing
	Law

	. This Convertible Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and
	to be performed wholly within such State. The Company hereby (i) consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
	courts located in Los Angeles, California in any action relating to or arising out of this Convertible Note, (ii) agrees that
	any process in any such action may be served upon it, in addition to any other method of service permitted by law, by certified
	or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by an overnight courier service which obtains evidence of delivery, with the
	same full force and effect as if personally served upon him in California City, and (iii) waives any claim that the jurisdiction
	of any such tribunal is not a convenient forum for any such action and any defense of lack of in personal jurisdiction with respect
	thereto.


	 


	(f)  

	Expenses

	.
	In the event that the Holder commences a legal proceeding in order to enforce its rights under this Convertible Note, the Company
	shall pay all reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the holder with respect thereto.


	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
	the Company has executed this Convertible Note as of the date and year first aforesaid.


	 





	 




	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.






	 




	 






	 




	By:/s/ Michael Murray






	 




	Name: Michael Murray






	 




	Title:   CEO





	 




	-

	4

	- 





	 




	 





	Note Balance Developed as Followings:



	 






	Apr.
	30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	34,459.90





	 







	May 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	49,750.00





	 







	June 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	164,385.90





	 







	July 20, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	64,525.00





	 







	Aug. 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	89,650.47





	 







	Sept. 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	64,992.40





	 







	Oct. 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	104,153.21





	 







	Nov. 30, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	65,615.79





	 







	Dec, 31, 2016





	 




	 




	 





	22,599.13





	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 





	$






	660,131.80





	 






	 




	-

	5

	- 





	 




	 


	NOTICE OF CONVERSION


	 


	[To be Signed Only Upon Conversion


	of Part or All of Convertible Notes]


	 


	GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


	 


	The undersigned, the holder of the
	foregoing Convertible Note, hereby surrenders such Convertible Note for conversion into shares of Common Stock of Gopher Protocol
	Inc. to the extent of $       unpaid principal amount of and interest due on such Convertible Note, and requests that the certificates
	for such shares be issued in the name of  ___________________________, and delivered to ___________________________, whose address is _______________________________________.


	 




	Dated:


	 


	 









	 


	 



	 





	(Signature)




	 





	 


	(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as
	specified on the face of the Convertible Note.)


	 




	-

	6

	- 












	Exhibit
	10.1





	 





	THESE
	SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY
	NOT BE SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
	OR OTHER EVIDENCE ACCEPTABLE TO GOPH THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.






	 






	CONVERSION
	AGREEMENT





	 




	This
	Conversion Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made the 23 day of May 2017 (the “Execution Date”) by and between
	Gopher Protocol Inc., a Nevada corporation with an address at


	2500
	Broadway, Suite F-125, Santa Monica, CA 90404

	, (“GOPH”),

	and Guardian
	Patch LLC

	(“Guardian”) (each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”).





	 





	WITNESSETH:





	 





	Whereas,



	on March 29, 2016, GOPH contributed all of its rights relating
	to its proprietary microchip that is within a sticky patch package (the “Patch”) to Guardian in consideration of 50%
	of the profit generated by Guardian (the “Joint Venture”) and that Guardian is responsible for investing all needed
	funds for the purpose of developing the Patch and related products to the Patch.




	 





	Whereas,



	Guardian is also required to provide short term loans to GOPH
	on an as needed basis secured by GOPH’s economic interest in the Joint Venture.




	 





	Whereas,



	to the end of 2016 and as audited by its auditors, Guardian
	has loaned GOPH the amounts set forth on

	Exhibit A

	, which such amounts were used for GOPH’s working capital purposes
	(the “Loans”).





	 






	Whereas,



	the parties wish to convert each of the Loans into Convertible
	Promissory Notes (the “Notes”) with an effective date as set forth on Exhibit A pursuant to the form of Note attached
	hereto as

	Exhibit B

	.




	 





	NOW,
	THEREFORE




	,



	in consideration of the mutual promises, releases, and payments provided for herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows:




	 








	1.






	Conversion





	.


	It is agreed by GOPH and Guardian
	that the Loans shall convert into Notes.







	 








	2.






	Representations
	and Warranties and Covenants of GOPH

	.

	GOPH represents, warrants and covenants
	to GOPH as follows:






	 








	(a)





	No
	Registration

	. Guardian understands that the Notes have not been, and will not be,
	registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)
	by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities
	Act, the availability of which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature
	of the investment intent and the accuracy of Guardian’s representations as expressed
	herein or otherwise made pursuant hereto.






	 






	1

	 





	 





	 








	(b)





	Investment
	Experience

	. Guardian has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in private
	placement transactions of securities in companies similar to GOPH and acknowledges that
	it can protect his own interests. Guardian has such knowledge and experience in financial
	and business matters so that Guardian is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
	its investment in GOPH.






	 








	(c)





	Speculative
	Nature of Investment; SEC Reports; Dilution

	. Guardian understands and acknowledges
	that GOPH has a limited financial and operating history and that an investment in GOPH
	is highly speculative and involves substantial risks. Guardian can bear the economic
	risk of such investment and is able, without impairing such financial condition, to hold
	the Notes for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete loss of Guardian’s
	investment. Guardian understands that GOPH will need issue additional shares of common
	stock of common stock in connection with conversion of existing debt, future financings
	and in connection with the retention or hiring of management and employees, which will
	dilute Guardian.






	 








	(d)





	Accredited
	Investor

	. Guardian is an “accredited investor’ within the meaning of
	Regulation D, Rule 501(a), promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under
	the Securities Act and shall submit to GOPH such further assurances of such status as
	may be reasonably requested by GOPH.






	 








	(e)





	Rule
	144

	. GOPH acknowledges that the Notes must be held indefinitely unless subsequently
	registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available.
	GOPH is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act which
	permit limited resale of Notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
	of the Notes (the “Conversion Shares”) subject to the satisfaction of certain
	conditions, including among other things, the existence of a public market for the Notes
	or the Conversion Shares, the availability of certain current public information about
	GOPH and the resale occurring not less than six months after a party has purchased and
	paid for the security to be sold. GOPH acknowledges that, in the event all of the requirements
	of Rule 144 are not met, registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration
	will be required for any disposition of the Notes or the Conversion Shares. GOPH understands
	that, although Rule 144 is not exclusive, the Securities and Exchange Commission has
	expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell restricted securities received in
	a private offering other than in a registered offering or pursuant to Rule 144 will have
	a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is
	available for such offers or sales and that such persons and the brokers who participate
	in the transactions do so at their own risk. Even though GOPH was NEVER a shell, in some
	error it check the box as such, then after correct it - As such, in the event GOPH fails
	to file its required reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, then Rule 144 will not available until such reports
	have been filed.






	 








	(f)





	Authorization

	.






	 








	i.




	Guardian
	has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, and to carry
	out and perform its obligations under the terms hereof. All action on the part of GOPH
	necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
	and the performance of all of Guardian’s obligations herein, has been taken.






	 






	2

	 





	 





	 








	ii.




	This
	Agreement, when executed and delivered by Guardian, will constitute valid and legally
	binding obligations of Guardian, enforceable in accordance with its terms except: (i)
	as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
	laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally,
	and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
	relief or other equitable remedies or by general principles of equity.






	 








	iii.




	No
	consent, approval, authorization, order, filing, registration or qualification of or
	with any court, governmental authority or third person is required to be obtained by
	Guardian in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Guardian
	or the performance of Guardian’s obligations hereunder.






	 








	(i)





	Brokers
	or Finders

	. Guardian has not engaged any brokers, finders or agents, and GOPH has
	not, and will not, incur, directly or indirectly, as a result of any action taken by
	GOPH, any liability for brokerage or finders’ fees or agents’ commissions
	or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement and the transactions related
	hereto.






	 








	(j)





	Tax
	Advisors

	. Guardian has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state,
	local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated
	by this Agreement. With respect to such matters, Guardian relies solely on such advisors
	and not on any statements or representations of GOPH or any of its agents, written or
	oral. Guardian understands that it (and not GOPH) shall be responsible for its own tax
	liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated
	by this Agreement.






	 








	(k)





	Legends

	.
	Guardian understands and agrees that the certificates evidencing the Notes and the Conversion
	Shares shall bear a legend in substantially the form as follows (in addition to any legend
	required by any other applicable agreement or under applicable state securities laws):






	 




	“THE
	SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES
	LAWS OF ANY STATE, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED UNDER SUCH
	ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE, REASONABLY
	SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.”




	 




	3.             



	No
	Oral Modifications


	. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties and
	supersedes in its entirety any and all prior agreements, understandings or representations relating to the subject matter hereof
	and may not be changed or terminated orally. The Parties represent that in entering this Agreement they do not rely on any statement
	or fact not set forth herein.





	 




	4.             



	Governing
	Law, Remedies, Venue and Jurisdiction


	. This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the
	Laws of the State of California, and any actions, claims or proceedings shall be subject to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction
	of the state and Federal Courts in Los Angeles, California. The Parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. In the event of
	a default by either Party, the other Party’s sole remedy shall be to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement. In
	the event a Party to this Settlement Agreement must institute suit or a cause of action to enforce the terms of this Settlement
	Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to fees and costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees. This shall also
	include any attorney’s fees required for the purposes of executing and collecting on the amounts due pursuant to the Stipulated
	Judgment, the actual Judgment and the Security Interest.





	 






	3

	 





	 





	 




	5.             



	Notices


	.
	All notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered via overnight courier.
	Any notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder shall be deemed duly given as of the next business day. Such
	notices shall be addressed to the intended recipient(s) as set forth above.





	 




	6.             



	No
	Representations


	. Neither party has relied upon any representations or statements made by
	the other party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement.





	 




	7.             



	Severability


	.
	In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
	or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision.





	 




	8.             



	Entire
	Agreement


	. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the
	Parties concerning the matters set forth herein, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning
	the Agreements.





	 




	9.             



	Binding
	Effect


	. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named
	herein and their respective successors, assigns, distributees, heirs, and grantees of any revocable trusts of a Party. No Party
	may assign either this Agreement or any of its or his or her rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
	approval of the other Parties.





	 




	10.           



	No
	Third-Party Beneficiaries


	. This Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any
	person other than the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.





	 




	11.           



	Headings
	and Counterparts


	. The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience
	only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
	and each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement
	on the part of each of the undersigned. Facsimile and photocopies of this Agreement shall have the same effect as originals.





	 




	12.           



	Waivers


	.
	No waiver by any Party of any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or
	not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder
	or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence and all waivers must be in writing,
	signed by the waiving Party, to be effective.





	 




	13.           



	Further
	Assurances


	. Each Party shall, at the reasonable request of any other Party hereto, execute
	and deliver to such other Party all such further instruments, assignments, assurances and other documents, and take such actions
	as such other Party may reasonably request in connection with the carrying out the terms and provisions of this Agreement.





	 




	14.           



	Voluntary
	Execution of Agreement


	. This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or
	undue influence on the part or behalf of the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims. The Parties acknowledge
	that:





	 








	(a)




	They
	have read this Agreement;






	 






	4

	 





	 





	 








	(b)




	They
	have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement
	by legal counsel of their own choice or that they have voluntarily declined to seek such
	counsel;






	 








	(c)




	They
	understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains;






	 








	(d)




	They
	are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement; and






	 








	(e)




	Each
	signatory to this Agreement below represents that he/she has the requisite authority
	and has been duly authorized by his/her respective corporation to execute this Agreement.






	 




	IN
	WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.




	 








	Gopher
	Protocol Inc.




	GUARDIAN
	PATCH LLC






	 




	By: Alpha
	Holdings LLC






	 




	 






	By: /s/ Michael
	Murray




	By:/s/Randolph
	Ben Clymer






	Name: Michael
	Murray




	Name:






	Title: CEO




	Title:






	 






	5

	 





	 





	 






	Exhibit
	A




	 






	Apr.
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	34,459.90




	 






	May
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	49,750.00




	 






	June
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	164,385.90




	 






	July
	20, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	64,525.00




	 






	Aug.
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	89,650.47




	 






	Sept.
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	64,992.40




	 






	Oct.
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	104,153.21




	 






	Nov.
	30, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	65,615.79




	 






	Dec,
	31, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	22,599.13




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	$




	660,131.80




	 







	 






	6

	 













GOPH Stock Price - Gopher Protocol Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:48p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


GOPH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



GOPH
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Gopher Protocol Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateGOPHAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.34



0.043
14.48%






Previous Close




$0.2970





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




58.94% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 8.4K
            





Open: 0.30
Close: 0.34



0.3000
Day Low/High
0.3400





Day Range



0.1100
52 Week Low/High
1.3000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.30



Day Range
0.3000 - 0.3400



52 Week Range
0.1100 - 1.3000



Market Cap
$14.38M



Shares Outstanding
42.3M



Public Float
7.62M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$45K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.14



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
8.4K




 


Performance




5 Day


-5.56%







1 Month


-5.56%







3 Month


-53.62%







YTD


-71.43%







1 Year


-51.43%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.

May. 9, 2017 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Mar. 31, 2017 at 6:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Sep. 20, 2016 at 1:17 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Aug. 15, 2016 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking
Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking

Jul. 7, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Competition
CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Competition

Jun. 23, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software
Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software

Jun. 14, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in June
Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in June

May. 23, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc. releases GuardianFleet App for optimizing and tracking Business Assets Add-on to GuardianPack Available on iOS and Android Application for Tracking Business Assets


Apr. 25, 2017 at 5:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Three Tracking Technology Stocks -- How They Save Lives and Recover What's Important: Gopher Protocol, Semtech Corp. and Globalstar Inc.


Apr. 24, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Announces Completion of Field Test of the Guardian Orb Prototypes


Apr. 11, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Podcast Interview with CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. Discussing their Portfolio of Tracking Technologies


Apr. 5, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Secures FRIENDINME Trademark for Security Enhancement to Mobile Devices; Applicable to Gopher's Personal Tracking and Pet Tracking Products


Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Introduces Sigma EDA Software -- electrical connectivity & analysis of an integrated circuit block


Mar. 15, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





The Guardian Pet Tracker Gets Ready To Launch KickStarter Campaign


Feb. 27, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Release New Version of Epsilon Mobile EDA Software


Feb. 15, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol, Inc. Talks about Company's Guardian Pet Tracker


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview Today


Jan. 25, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Pursues Prototype Development and Additional Testing


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Offer Pre-Registration Discount in Connection with its Pet Tracker Pre-Sale Campaign; CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview


Jan. 11, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Provide Snap Overview of its 2016 Achievements


Dec. 28, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Via Guardian Patch LLC issued Statement Of Work for prototype pre mass production


Dec. 6, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Present at LD Micro Main Event 2016 Conference


Dec. 2, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol's Management Talks about Funding the Future of their Unique Tracking/Location Technology


Nov. 30, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Gopher Protocol Inc.


            
            Gopher Protocol, Inc. engages in consumer heuristic technology platform that connects consumers with the products or services. The company was founded on July 22, 2009 and is headquartered in Perris, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




CYREN Ltd.
-2.78%
$70.53M


China YCT International Group Inc.
-7.69%
$16.83M


Q2 Holdings Inc.
-0.13%
$1.59B


Alphabet Inc. Cl A
0.61%
$652.85B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








BLCM

-2.99%








FII

-3.26%








BTI

-7.04%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




8:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































    GOPH Key Statistics - Gopher Protocol Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Gopher Protocol Inc.

                  OTC: GOPH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Gopher Protocol Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


GOPH

/quotes/zigman/47642694/delayed


$
0.34




Change

+0.04
+14.48%

Volume
Volume 4,950
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/47642694/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.30
		


$
				0.34
			
Change

+0.04
+14.48%





Day low
Day high
$0.30
$0.34










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.11
        

            $1.30
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Gopher Protocol, Inc. engages in consumer heuristic technology platform that connects consumers with the products or services. The company was founded on July 22, 2009 and is headquartered in Perris, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-4.28


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-5.89


Price to Sales Ratio
143.54


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-9.81


Enterprise Value to Sales
74.21


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.00

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
41,250.00


Income Per Employee
-396,556.00


Receivables Turnover
12.71


Total Asset Turnover
3.12

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.01


Quick Ratio
0.01


Cash Ratio
0.01



Profitability

Operating Margin
-826.17


Pretax Margin
-961.35


Net Margin
-961.35


Return on Assets
-2,996.78

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
219.71





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Michael D. Murray 
-
2015
Co-Chairman, President, CEO & Secretary





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/goph

      MarketWatch News on GOPH
    
No News currently available for GOPH





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/goph

      Other News on GOPH
    




 10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
6:18 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
6:22 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
1:16 p.m. Sept. 20, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
2:30 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Gopher Protocol, Inc.
23129 Cajalco Road


Perris, California 92570




Phone
1 8886857336


Industry
Securities


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$165,000


Net Income
$-1.59M


2016 Sales Growth 
83.3%


Employees

        4.00


Annual Report for GOPH











/news/pressrelease/company/us/goph

      Press Releases on GOPH
    




 Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking
7:30 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - Marketwired




 CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Competition
7:30 a.m. June 23, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software
8:00 a.m. June 14, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in June
8:01 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol, Inc. releases GuardianFleet App for optimizing and tracking Business Assets Add-on to GuardianPack Available on iOS and Android Application for Tracking Business Assets
5:00 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Three Tracking Technology Stocks -- How They Save Lives and Recover What's Important: Gopher Protocol, Semtech Corp. and Globalstar Inc.
8:01 a.m. April 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Announces Completion of Field Test of the Guardian Orb Prototypes
8:00 a.m. April 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Podcast Interview with CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. Discussing their Portfolio of Tracking Technologies
8:01 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Secures FRIENDINME Trademark for Security Enhancement to Mobile Devices; Applicable to Gopher's Personal Tracking and Pet Tracking Products
8:01 a.m. March 30, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Introduces Sigma EDA Software -- electrical connectivity & analysis of an integrated circuit block
8:01 a.m. March 15, 2017
 - Marketwired




 The Guardian Pet Tracker Gets Ready To Launch KickStarter Campaign
10:26 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Release New Version of Epsilon Mobile EDA Software
9:01 a.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol, Inc. Talks about Company's Guardian Pet Tracker
9:01 a.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview Today
9:01 a.m. Jan. 25, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Pursues Prototype Development and Additional Testing
9:00 a.m. Jan. 19, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol to Offer Pre-Registration Discount in Connection with its Pet Tracker Pre-Sale Campaign; CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview
9:00 a.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol to Provide Snap Overview of its 2016 Achievements
9:00 a.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol Via Guardian Patch LLC issued Statement Of Work for prototype pre mass production
9:01 a.m. Dec. 6, 2016
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol to Present at LD Micro Main Event 2016 Conference
9:01 a.m. Dec. 2, 2016
 - Marketwired




 Gopher Protocol's Management Talks about Funding the Future of their Unique Tracking/Location Technology
9:01 a.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - Marketwired


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































	Gopher Protocol Inc. (GOPH): When is product roll out ?


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Banking and Finance
                >
                Gopher Protocol Inc. (GOPH)




When is product roll out ?



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (1) | Next 10 | Previous | Next












Stef07
                 
            





                Followed By
            

                14
            



                Posts
            

                2,754
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                1
            



                Alias Born
            

                06/13/08
            
















            GOPH
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















GOPH Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/7/2017 6:04:16 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/30/2017 2:36:19 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/13/2017 3:56:41 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/26/2017 2:44:51 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/9/2017 6:11:04 AM

Annual Report (10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/31/2017 6:21:19 AM

Small Company Offering and Sale of Securities Without Registration (d) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 11/23/2016 10:41:05 AM

Gopher Protocol to Release Basic Version of GuardianPack GPS/Cellular-Based Application for Tracking Groups Over Smartphones "InvestorsHub NewsWire" - 11/17/2016 8:09:03 AM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 11/16/2016 6:05:36 AM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 11/15/2016 6:26:31 AM

Gopher Protocol to Develop GuardianPack GPS/Cellular based Application for Tracking Groups over Smartphone "InvestorsHub NewsWire" - 10/27/2016 8:14:53 AM

Amended Quarterly Report (10-q/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 9/20/2016 1:15:47 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 8/22/2016 2:29:40 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 8/15/2016 2:28:42 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 8/9/2016 10:21:17 AM












Stef07
                 
            

Friday, 05/19/17 11:35:02 AM




Re: 
None






Post # 

                of
                1573 









When is product roll out ?





"Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people." Eleanor Roosevelt






iHub NewsWire


ONCI INKS DEAL WITH MAJOR FLORIDA AUTO DEALER LAW GROUP(ONCI) Jul 27, 2017 11:16 AM
Signal Bay Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire Viridis Analytics MA, LLC(SGBY) Jul 27, 2017 10:34 AM
PURA PPS Potential To Reach $0.09 From Current $0.03(PURA) Jul 27, 2017 8:45 AM
North Road Ventures Advances to the Detailed Review Stage in its ACMPR Application(LIB) Jul 27, 2017 8:39 AM
CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgReplies (1) | Next 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist




















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB9
        

























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















































Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














GOPH


Gopher Protocol, Inc










 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 OTCQB 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking
Jul 07, 2017
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking

Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking


Drone market anticipated to reach USD $84.31 billion by 2025
POINT ROBERTS, WA--(Marketwired - July 07, 2017) -  Investorideas.com, a global news source covering leading sectors including technology and drone stocks issues a follow up to a recent interview with Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTCQB: GOPH). Danny comments on the expansion of the Company's mobile tracking technology to revolutionize the emerging drone industry starting with a proprietary security function. Danny tells Investor Ideas that Gopher has recently begun R&D to modify its existing product offerings of mobile tracking to include a drone tracking security feature. This new feature includes a cutting edge enhancement that will enable trigger drone operation by "obeying" a remote order being transmitted using the GopherInsight™ radio technology from any remote location. When this phase of development is complete, the system (hardware & software) will deploy a drone response to a potential crime scene and may provide law enforcement with real-time video of the scene. Gopher bought the domain dronerespond.com and will present its development on said domain. "Here we are implementing our existing tracking technology within drones, enabling accurate location and dispatch in case of emergency. In addition, our future AI engine will provide the drone with learning capabilities regarding locations, shortcut paths, and more," said Dr. Rittman. At this point, due to confidentiality, Gopher is not disclosing all of their upcoming features but Gopher has extensive, advanced plans to embed its technology and concepts in drones, creating an Intelligent Drone.Drone tracking and identification has become a major issue within the industry. According to recent news from the FAA, "The first meeting of the UAS Identification and Tracking Aviation Rulemaking Committee (ARC) on June 21-23 advanced key policies of concern to the FAA, industry and law enforcement."The FAA has also published the ARC's charter and the list of 74 members as of June 8, 2017 including Amazon Prime Air, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Ford and Verizon. https://www.faa.gov/news/updates/media/UAS_ID_ARC_Confirmed_Membership.pdfAccording to its charter the ARC will: Identify, categorize and recommend available and emerging technologies for the remote identification and tracking of UAS; Identify requirements for meeting the security and public safety needs of law enforcement, homeland defense, and national security communities for remote identification and tracking; evaluate the feasibility and affordability of the available technical solutions, and determine how well they address the needs of law enforcement and air traffic control communities.The global drone-powered business solutions market size is anticipated to reach USD $84.31 billion by 2025, according to a report by Grand View Research, Inc so tracking and identification will become a primary concern as it grows.Hear the previous Podcast Interview with Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc: http://www.investorideas.com/Audio/Podcasts/062217-GOPH.mp3Watch GOPH video interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3Bo81XtbCEDanny is a semiconductor designer with over twenty years of experience with companies such as Intel, DEC, IBM, and Qualcomm. He has worked on many prestigious Integrated Circuits projects; among them the Intel's Pentium Pro, DEC's Alpha chip, and others. Danny was the founder and CTO of BindKey Technologies, an EDA corporation that was acquired by DuPont Photo masks.GOPH disclosure: More info: SEC link /technology abstract:https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1471781/000161577417003127/s106533_ex99-1.htmAbout Gopher Protocol Inc.Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTCQB: GOPH) (http://gopherprotocol.com/) is a development-stage company which consider itself Native IoT creator, developing Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technology. The Company has a portfolio of Intellectual Property that when commercialized will include smart microchips, mobile application software and supporting cloud software. The system contemplates the creation of a global network. Gopher believes this will be the first system that is developed using artificial intelligence based analysis engine. The core of the system will be its advanced microchip technology that can be installed in any mobile device worldwide, Gopher envisions an internal, private network between all enabled mobile devices providing shared processing, advanced mobile database management/sharing and enhanced mobile features.Research Drone Stocks at Investorideas.com http://www.investorideas.com/TSS/stock_list.asp#droneAbout Investorideas.com -- News that Inspires Big Ideas www.investorideas.com Investorideas.com is a meeting place for global investors, featuring news, stock directories, video, podcasts, company profiles, interviews and more in leading sectors. Sectors we cover in include tech, bitcoin and blockchain, biotech, mining, energy, renewable energy, water stocks, marijuana and hemp stocks, food and beverage (including organic and LOHAS, wine), defense and security including biometrics, Latin America, sports, entertainment, luxury brands and gaming.Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp. Disclosure: GOPH is a PR, social media and publishing client and compensates Investorideas.com (effective April 4, 2016 -- More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.aspAdditional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 -- all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country.
Contact Investorideas.com 800 665 0411





Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 



































GOPH Stock Price - Gopher Protocol Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:48p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



7:38p

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



7:28p

A Wild Week in Washington 



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


GOPH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



GOPH
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Gopher Protocol Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateGOPHAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.34



0.043
14.48%






Previous Close




$0.2970





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




58.94% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 8.4K
            





Open: 0.30
Close: 0.34



0.3000
Day Low/High
0.3400





Day Range



0.1100
52 Week Low/High
1.3000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.30



Day Range
0.3000 - 0.3400



52 Week Range
0.1100 - 1.3000



Market Cap
$14.38M



Shares Outstanding
42.3M



Public Float
7.62M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$45K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.14



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
8.4K




 


Performance




5 Day


-5.56%







1 Month


-5.56%







3 Month


-53.62%







YTD


-71.43%







1 Year


-51.43%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.
10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.

May. 9, 2017 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Mar. 31, 2017 at 6:23 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Sep. 20, 2016 at 1:17 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: GOPHER PROTOCOL INC.


Aug. 15, 2016 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking
Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking

Jul. 7, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Competition
CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Competition

Jun. 23, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software
Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software

Jun. 14, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in June
Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in June

May. 23, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol, Inc. releases GuardianFleet App for optimizing and tracking Business Assets Add-on to GuardianPack Available on iOS and Android Application for Tracking Business Assets


Apr. 25, 2017 at 5:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Three Tracking Technology Stocks -- How They Save Lives and Recover What's Important: Gopher Protocol, Semtech Corp. and Globalstar Inc.


Apr. 24, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Announces Completion of Field Test of the Guardian Orb Prototypes


Apr. 11, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Podcast Interview with CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. Discussing their Portfolio of Tracking Technologies


Apr. 5, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Secures FRIENDINME Trademark for Security Enhancement to Mobile Devices; Applicable to Gopher's Personal Tracking and Pet Tracking Products


Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Introduces Sigma EDA Software -- electrical connectivity & analysis of an integrated circuit block


Mar. 15, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





The Guardian Pet Tracker Gets Ready To Launch KickStarter Campaign


Feb. 27, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Release New Version of Epsilon Mobile EDA Software


Feb. 15, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol, Inc. Talks about Company's Guardian Pet Tracker


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview Today


Jan. 25, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Pursues Prototype Development and Additional Testing


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Offer Pre-Registration Discount in Connection with its Pet Tracker Pre-Sale Campaign; CTO Scheduled to give Radio & Webcast Interview


Jan. 11, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Provide Snap Overview of its 2016 Achievements


Dec. 28, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol Via Guardian Patch LLC issued Statement Of Work for prototype pre mass production


Dec. 6, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol to Present at LD Micro Main Event 2016 Conference


Dec. 2, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Gopher Protocol's Management Talks about Funding the Future of their Unique Tracking/Location Technology


Nov. 30, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Gopher Protocol Inc.


            
            Gopher Protocol, Inc. engages in consumer heuristic technology platform that connects consumers with the products or services. The company was founded on July 22, 2009 and is headquartered in Perris, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




CYREN Ltd.
-2.78%
$70.53M


China YCT International Group Inc.
-7.69%
$16.83M


Q2 Holdings Inc.
-0.13%
$1.59B


Alphabet Inc. Cl A
0.61%
$652.85B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








BLCM

-2.99%








FII

-3.26%








BTI

-7.04%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.















Contact Us | Gopher Protocol





























































Contact Us


Home  » Contact Us 



 






 






























  GOPH:OTC US Stock Quote - Gopher Protocol Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Gopher Protocol Inc   GOPH:US   OTC US        0.34USD   0.04   14.48%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   0.30    Day Range   0.30 - 0.34    Volume   4,950    Previous Close   0.30    52Wk Range   0.11 - 1.30    1 Yr Return   -60.00%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.30    Day Range   0.30 - 0.34    Volume   4,950    Previous Close   0.30    52Wk Range   0.11 - 1.30    1 Yr Return   -60.00%    YTD Return   -71.43%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.14    Market Cap (m USD)   14.380    Shares Outstanding  (m)   42.295    Price/Sales (TTM)   27.91    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.09%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change +0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/7/2017   Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone  Tracking     6/23/2017   CTO of Gopher Talks about How Artificial Intelligence Technology in  Their Pet Tracker and Patch Differentiates Them from Compe     6/14/2017   Gopher Protocol, Inc. Announces New Improved Version for its Epsilon Software     5/23/2017   Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospectiv     4/25/2017   Gopher Protocol, Inc. releases GuardianFleet App for optimizing and tracking Business Assets Add-on to GuardianPack Available o     4/24/2017   Three Tracking Technology Stocks -- How They Save Lives and Recover  What's Important: Gopher Protocol, Semtech Corp. and Globa     4/11/2017   Gopher Protocol Announces Completion of Field Test of the Guardian Orb Prototypes     4/5/2017   Podcast Interview with CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. Discussing their  Portfolio of Tracking Technologies     4/5/2017   Podcast Interview with CTO of Gopher Protocol Inc. Discussing their  Portfolio of Tracking Technologies     3/30/2017   Gopher Protocol Secures FRIENDINME Trademark for Security Enhancement to Mobile Devices; Applicable to Gopher's Personal Tracki    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Gopher Protocol Inc. operates an online trading platform for Forex markets to non U.S. residents. The Company focuses on providing individual and institutional investors with a platform for buying and selling currencies, precious metals and commodity futures. Gopher also offers on-site training and education through a subsidiary company.    Address  23129 Cajalco RoadPerris, CA 92570United States   Phone  1-888-685-7336   Website   gopherprotocol.com     Executives Board Members    Michael Murray  Chairman/CEO/Treasurer/Secy    Erik Klinger  Chief Financial Officer    Danny Rittman  Chief Technology Officer    Mansour Khatib  Chief Mktg Ofcr     Show More         




Technology | Gopher Protocol





























































Technology


Home  » Technology 



 



Gopher Protocol Inc. Technology 
-Natively IoT Based-
Gopher Protocol (GOPH) Core Technology is a revolutionary new platform with products that will change the way people interact with technology and each other, because we believe that improving communications will benefit the modern world. 
GOPH Microchips communicate via a private, secured protocol and can interact with internal states –  microchips communicate with other microchips –  and external environments – microchips interact with cell phones, mobile apps, computers, tablets, tracking devices and many other digital devices with access to conventional networks (WiFi and Cellular). 
Our GopherInsight Microchips will be installed on billions of mobile devices by the year 2020. This will allow GOPH to create its own private communication network, which will enormously benefit the user from behind the scenes. We utilize this private network to improve the computing power, database management, internal memory, and security of mobile devices equipped with GopherInsight Microchips! The potential is enormous and we are constantly developing more advanced features. 
The Guardian Patch is derived from GopherInsight Microchips and is one example of how GOPH products will benefit users via the GuardianTracking technology family! The Guardian Patch can track your location anywhere on earth – with or without GPS service – with virtually no limitations!
As a demand from the market, we have also utilized our tracking technology and created the GuardianOrb, the most advanced and longest-range pet-tracking device for the enjoyment and peace of mind of pet lovers. This small device will attach to pet collars and will allow pet owners to view the precise location of their animals on a mobile phone application. 
GOPH will also provide reassurance to families by allowing you to view the location of children, the elderly or friends wearing the Guardian Bracelet. The Guardian Bracelet is bi-directional so the user and the tracker can be informed simultaneously of the other’s location! 
Along with our hardware tracking technology we introduced an advanced web application (maps.guardianpatch.com) that enable users to track their pets and/or love ones live! This web application is based on mathematical modeling and works with Guardian Mobile Apps, GuardianPack (for families and group locations), GuardianFleet (for vehicles/equipment tracking) and Guardian Map/Patch.
We are proud to announce that our technology is IoT (Internet of Things) native.

Gopher’s Technology is based on its own private, secured network that connects physical objects that are accessible through the Internet. We are IoT (Internet of Things) based!  With Gopher’s Technology the “thing” could be GuiardianBracelet, GuardianOrb, or a mobile device with our GopherInsight microchip installed.

Each one of these devices have been assigned an ID and IP address on our private network and are able to collect and transfer data over a network without manual assistance or intervention. 
In order to enhance the performance, security, RF capabilities and power consumption of our microchip technology, we implemented IoT methodologies within our EDA computer program Epsilon and Sigma. Each one of these technologies are used during integrated circuit design for a wide variety of design enhancements. We added a feature called “IoT Aware,” which uniquely considers IoT challenges during chip design stages. 
This is the first time that an EDA software includes IoT awareness during the design of integrated circuits.
Our goal is to create a family of devices that are Internet of Things native and controlled via our embedded software, in various systems. Our devices represent themselves digitally, and can be controlled from anywhere. GOPH products are connected to our private, secured communication protocol and enable our technology to control and manage more data from more places. This will ensure greater efficiency of digital and inter-personal communications, thus improving our lives and security.
Our state of the art technology will transform the way microchip design companies design IC performance through our “IoT Aware” analytics and will deliver better native IoT infrastructure and support. We are impacting every aspect of the safety, security, and communication methods of the world. 
Industries such as manufacturing, transportation, infrastructure, utilities, gasoline, and even retail sectors will benefit from the various products released by Gopher Protocol.
Gopher Protocol Technology will cover domains which are all connected through the main concept of artificial intelligence, based on private protocol and communication (Natively IoT).
Integrated Circuit Technology:
Within this domain we are developing a chipset to work within mobile devices. This chipset provides the device with new features and capabilities in order to enhance performance… speed, storage, and computing power.
 
Horizon 2020
Our goal: to equip a large part of the 50 billion mobile devices (worldwide) with our mobile chip technology, creating the largest and private network ever made! Our microchip technology is based on mathematical mesh model in order to control efficiently, and achieve around the globe network.
Our IC Technology includes the following…

GopherInsight core chipset
Guardian Patch Tracking Device
GuardianORB – Pet Tracking
Guardian Bracelet – Personal Tracking

 
Gopher Protocol Technology:
Our software is an integral part (brain) of our overall systems. Our chipset and supporting software are constantly working together within an entire family of software based on artificial intelligence algorithms. We have also developed EDA software (Electronic Design Automation); especially, to assist with the design of our ICs in this domain. These programs are also offered as independent products to the IC Design market. The following are our EDA software that are available for license to microchip design houses in order to help them to meet or exceed their time-to-market schedules, and significantly improve their designs and flow.
 
Alpha EDA Software:

EPSILON – Electrical Analysis for integrated circuits backend. Early detection of electrical issues within ICs so the correction can be done on the fly. Designed to enhance the entire IC design cycle by shortening the time by at least 40%-50%. Additionally, it enables microchip design houses to ultimately achieve better performance and lower power consumption.
SIGMA – Electrical Connectivity Verification and Correction – automatically corrects electrical connectivity violations within ICs, saving significant time by eliminating the process of check-and-fix as the design is first-time-right.

 
Gopher Protocol Technology:
Our mobile application software applications are the human interface running with our robust mathematical computer programs on our backend servers. Each of our mobile applications is constantly communicating with expert system based programs that are monitoring and controlling our hardware and IoT based technologies. These mobile applications are working within our software, (tracking) hardware, and servers.

GuardianPack – Family/Groups Tracking.
GuardianFleet – Vehicles/Objects Tracking
GuardianPet- Pet Tracking
GuardMe – Works with Guardian Bracelet for Personal Tracking

 
** Listed technology & software products are currently developed by Gopher Protocol, Inc. Technology is in various stages and GOPH is developing this technology with the goal of entering into world wide licensing agreements.


































Career | Gopher Protocol





























































Career


Home  » Career 



 



iOS/Android Programmer  –  LOS Angeles, CA
iOS/Android Developer Gopher Protocol, Inc. – Los Angeles, CA
Gopher Protocol, a well-funded startup creating top of the line mobile/wearable applications is looking or an all-star iOS developer to join their small and brilliant team! Our office is just minutes away from down town LA. We are dynamic, young Hi-Tech company that develops mobile apps along with smart microchip technology.
You will be working on creating new and exciting applications for the Apple platform, these apps will also be also converted to the Android platform. We encourage our team members to come with new ideas to improve our designs and concepts. The more creative and innovative you are, the better. You have the opportunity to get in early with our company, have you work seen by millions and contribute your own ideas. Being a significant asset to this small, elite team will allow you the opportunity to make this company a success and help us to grow.
Getting down to business…. The salary for the iOS development position is very competitive up to 120k depending on experience . You will have routine annual reviews where you will be able to receive competitive raises in your salary. Your work hours will be flexible, you have a casual dress code and it’s a really fun work environment. Our company tries to get together at least once a month for a fun night out, last month they all went to a movies. The kitchen will always be stocked with snacks and drinks . You will really help shape our company’s culture as the company grows. The benefits are great as well, you have a 401k and did I mention you would be working with an awesome team!
Skills:

3+ years of iOS development experience with deep technical knowledge of mobile development
Strong foundation in computer science and software design/architecture
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or similar field
Leadership skills
Shipped at least one title on the App Store
Experience integrating microtransactions and subscription models into an application on multiple platforms
Experience integrating social APIs like Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Familiar with leading 3rd party analytics and ad solutions and their integration into a cross-platform applications (ex. Flurry, mixpanel, etc.)

Plusses:

Any additional years of experience in Software development or software projects
Swift experience
Experience with Watchkit
Experience with game development
Some creative ideas to work with

Benefits:

Up to 120k salary
Equity in an early stage and well-funded startup
Health, Dental and Vision Insurance HMO
401k
Competitive raise each year
Paid vacation time
Casual dress code
Stocked Kitchen
Flexible Hours
Fun Work environment
Ability to create your own app!

Salary: $120,000.00 /year
Required experience:

Objective C, Swift a plus: 3 years

Salary: $120,000.00 /year
Local candidates only:

Los Angeles, CA

Required experience:

Mobile Software Development: 2 years

 
 
Sales – Regional Senior Sales Associates –  LOS Angeles, CA
Our mission is to bring a new heuristic based technology platform that connects consumers to the products and services they need, wherever they are!
If you are energized by talking to people, passionate about selling and are looking to join a rapidly growing company, this position is for you!
As a Regional Senior Sales Associate, you will develop relationships with existing and potential customers, both by phone and in person.
Our ideal candidate has 2-3 years of experience in the sales field.
We offer a competitive base salary and an uncapped incentive program — great potential! Great career growth opportunity!
We value integrity and ethics. We expect our associates to get serious work done in a casual atmosphere. We are committed to helping you advance your career. Our culture attracts people who are task-oriented, technologically inclined and driven to succeed.
This position is based in Los Angeles, CA.
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collaborate with sales leadership to determine necessary strategic sales approaches.
Appropriately communicate brand identity and corporate position.
Contact potential customers that are generated by external sources.
Identify decision-makers within targeted leads to begin sales process.
Infiltrate all targeted accounts and generate sales from within client base.
Create and deliver qualified opportunities to Regional Account Managers.
Maintain and expand the company’s prospect database.
Ensure follow-up by passing leads to Regional Account Managers with calls-to-action, dates, complete profile information, sources, etc.
Make follow-up calls and visits to existing customers via telephone and e-mail cross-sell and up-sell.
Emphasize service features and benefits, quote prices, discuss credit terms and prepare sales order forms and other reports.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Overcome objections of prospective customers
Coordinate customer training as necessary.
Investigate and troubleshoot customer service issues.
Enter new customer data and updates changes to existing accounts in corporate database.
Participate in marketing events such as seminars, trade shows, etc.

SKILLS & COMPETENCIES:

Demonstrated ability to convert prospects into customers and close deals, while maintaining established sales quotas.
Experience in opportunity qualification, pre-call planning, call control, account development and time management.
Strong problem identification and objection resolution skills.
Exceptional verbal communication and presentation skills.
Excellent listening skills.
Ability to work individually and as part of a team.
Experience in the energy or gasoline service field is a preferred, but not required.

EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
2-3 years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Compensation is based on experience.
Please contact us at jobs@gopherprotocol.com and attached your resume’ for more details.

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Management | Gopher Protocol





























































Management


Home  » Management 



 



MICHAEL MURRAY • CEO
Mr. Murray serves as GOPH’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer.  With his professional history with companies as Cashcall Mortgage, Home Plus Financial, and American Diversified Funding spanning more than 25 years, Mr. Murray adds value, experience, and integrity to GOPH. After earning several degrees from Palomar College in Business, Real Estate, and Social Science, Mr. Murray earned his BA in Political Science and MA in Public Relations from California Baptist University. While completing his Public Relations graduate coursework, Mr. Murray undertook a rigorous program of study involving many social media and online relations classes that piqued his interest in the evolution of digital interactions and technologies. Mr. Murray’s extraordinary familiarity with complex real estate transactions has developed after years of being a real estate broker, certified mortgage banker and SBA-certified loan originator. His dedication to big picture performance and small detail perfection has allowed him to succeed in a variety of business forums.  Most recently, Mr. Murray has gained considerable experience with startup companies in FinTech and Real Estate. He contributes his immeasurable experience, education and personal dedication to the professionalism of the GopherInsight™ platform.
 
DANNY RITTMAN • CTO
Dr. Rittman is the Director and Chief Technology Officer of GOPH. He is a software architect and an integrated circuit technology expert; he is also a semiconductor designer with over 20 years of experience with leading global tech companies including Intel, DEC, IBM, and Qualcomm.  Dr. Rittman has worked on many prestigious integrated circuits projects (Intel’s Pentium Pro, DEC’s Alpha chip, and others), and was the founder and CTO of BindKey Technologies, an EDA corporation that was acquired by DuPont Photo masks.  Dr. Rittman is a key figure in the EDA (electronic design automation) arena and has led numerous global software and hardware teams in the field.  Currently, he serves also as a Senior Integrated Circuit Consultant for Qualcomm/Max Linear; prior to GOPH, he was the Founder and CTO of Micrologic Design Automation.  Dr. Rittman’s early career was spent as a Software Senior Consultant at IBM, after having founded Bindkey Technologies.  He received his PhD and MSc in Computer Science from La Salle University.
ERIK KLINGER  • CFO 
Mr. Klinger worked at Price Waterhouse in New York, as well as a private equity firm in Los Angeles, specializing in executing Leveraged Buyout transactions. Mr. Klinger is also the founder and CEO of Dealounge; he graduated from Dartmouth College, and earned an MBA from the Anderson School at UCLA.
 
MANSOUR KHATIB • CMO
Mr. Mansour combines his experience with big-box retailers, social media, and crowdfunding, which provides GOPH a competitive edge in sales and marketing. Mr. Mansour has developed and marketed numerous consumer websites including EagleRider and Leisurelink. Additionally, he built distribution and marketing systems for Expedia, Orbitz, Saber, Amadeus and Hotels.com.  Having studied Economics at the HS Wuppertal, Mr. Mansour also holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from the Technical University of Aachen, Germany.




































Advisory Board | Gopher Protocol





























































Advisory Board


Home  » Advisory Board 



 



Our Advisory Board
Dr. MICHAEL ZASLAVSKY
Dr. Zaslavsky has over 20 years of experience in electronic and software design, design reliability and design automation. He held various positions at universities, and companies such as Cadence and Intel, where he is now working as a Senior Consultant for Custom Foundry. His positions include: Member of Intel DAC committee, Director of Reliability Simulation Council, adjunct professor at OHSU and WSU, Investment consultant specializing in EDA and other senior positions at Intel. As an owner of MPZ Software and Consulting LLC and co-owner of Reliability Simulation Group, Dr. Zaslavsky has been leading development of software applications and involved in electronic reliability consulting projects; he holds a PhD in Physics from Ben Gurion University, Israel.
 
DR. VALERI FEINBERG 
During his career Dr.Feinberg has worked in Pure and Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, and has used his outstanding scientific achievements, knowledge and intuition in his work as a technical and scientific leader in research and development of commercial EDA and Information Systems. Dr.Feinberg earned his Ph. D in Math from the Research Mathematical Institute of Academy of Science, after receiving his MS in Mathematics from the State University in Minsk, USSR. Later he earned his second PhD in Computer Science from the National Institute of Automation in Moscow. Dr. Feinberg was one of pioneers in development of computer aided design systems in electronics industry and leading EDA expert in USSR. The areas of Dr. Feinberg’s scientific expertise include, but are not limited to: Computer Geometry, Graph Theory, Finite Automata Theory, Artificial intelligence, Machine Learning. Dr. Feinberg is an author of more than 150 scientific publications, including 5 books in Russian, German, and English.
 
DR. STOICHO D. STOICHEV
Dr. Stoichev has an extensive experience in engineering, management and education: he was previously a Professor of Computer Science at theTechnical University of Sofia, where he conducted research in design and analysis of graph algorithms (graph isomorphism and related problems), as well as being a team leader of software projects for analysis of advanced electrical and electronic circuits, modeling and layout verification of vlsi circuits, and finding similarity of protein molecules. Dr. Stoichev was also areas of expertise include but are not limited to: Design and Analysis of Exact and Heuristic Algorithms and Data Structures, Programming, Graph Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, Expert Systems and Bioinformatics. Dr. Stoichev received his M.Sc. in Radio-engineering from Technical University of Sofia, and Ph.D. in Computer Science from Saint-Petersburg Electrotechnical University “LETI” and Doctor of Technical Sciences from Technical University of Sofia Bulgaria.  He has written over 140 scientific publications in the area of Computer Science, including 14 textbooks.
 
DR. ELI STERNHEIM 
Dr. Sternheim has more than 35 years of experience in engineering, management, entrepreneurship, business and investment. He received his B.Sc. in EE from the Technion, as well as a M.Sc. and Ph.D. in EE from Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Sternheim has worked for several startups, such as Trilogy, Zoran and Nexgen, which was acquired by AMD, after having gone public. In 1991, Dr. Sternheim co-founded interHDL, an EDA Company where he was the president and CEO; InterHDL was later sold to Avant! Corporation. Dr. Sternheim wrote the book “Digital Design and Synthesis with Verilog HDL” and served as the chairman of the Architectural Committee for Open Verilog International (OVI). Since 1995 Dr. Sternheim has been investing in high-tech startups and currently holds a portfolio of more than 15 companies. He was a venture partner at Redwood and now serves on the advisory board of numerous startups – Dr. Zaslavsky has over 20 years of experience in electronic and software design, design reliability and design automation. He held various positions at universities, and companies like Cadence and Intel, where he is now working as a Senior Consultant for Custom Foundry. The positions include:  member of Intel DAC committee, director of Reliability Simulation Council, adjunct professor at OHSU and WSU, investment consultant specialized in EDA and other senior positions in Intel.  Michael pioneered few software applications in Intel, managed design reliability working groups and mentored new employees. As an owner of MPZ Software and Consulting LLC and co-owner of Reliability Simulation Group, he has been leading development of software applications and involved in electronic reliability consulting projects.
 


































Legal | Gopher Protocol





























































Legal


Home  » Legal 



 



Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: May 1, 2015

 Contractual Relationship:

These Terms of Use (“Terms“) govern the access or use by you, an individual, from within the United States and its territories and possessions of applications, websites, content, products, and services (the “Services“) made available in the United States and its territories and possessions by Gopher Protocol Inc., its subsidiaries and or affiliates (collectively, “GOPH“). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES. In these terms, the words “including” and “include” mean “including, but not limited to.”
Your access and use of the Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these terms, which establishes a contractual relationship between you and GOPH. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not access or use the Services. These terms expressly supersede prior agreements or arrangements with you. GOPH may immediately terminate these terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.
Supplemental terms may apply to certain Services, such as policies for a particular event, activity or promotion, and such supplemental terms will be disclosed to you in connection with the applicable Service(s). Supplemental terms are in addition to, and shall be deemed a part of, the terms for the purposes of the applicable Service(s). Supplemental terms shall prevail over these terms, in the event of a conflict with respect to the applicable Services.
GOPH may amend the terms related to the Services from time to time. Amendments will be effective upon GOPH’s posting of such updated terms at this location or the amended policies or supplemental terms on the applicable Service(s). Your continued access or use of the Services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the terms, as amended.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is as provided in GOPH’s Privacy Policy.

 The Services:

The Services constitute a technology platform that enables users of GOPH’s mobile applications or websites provided as part of the services (each, an “Application“) to arrange and schedule delivery/service or transportation and/or logistics services with Third Party Providers of such services, including independent Third Party Transportation Providers and Third Party Logistics Providers under agreement with GOPH or certain of GOPH’s affiliates (“Third Party Providers“). Unless otherwise agreed by GOPH in a separate written agreement with you, the services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial use. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT GOPH DOES NOT PROVIDE DELIVERY, TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES – OR FUNCTION AS A TRANSPORTATION CARRIER.
License.
Subject to your compliance with these terms, GOPH grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable, revocable, non-transferrable license to: (i) access and use the applications on your personal device solely in connection with your use of the Services; and (ii) access and use any content, information or related materials that may be made available through the services, in each case solely for your personal, noncommercial use. GOPH and GOPH’s licensees or licensors reserves any rights not expressly granted herein.
Restrictions.
You may not: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Services; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services except as expressly permitted by GOPH; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Services except as may be permitted by applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Services; (v) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any portion of the Services or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality of any aspect of the Services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any aspect of the Services or its related systems, networks or functions.
Provision of Services.
You acknowledge that portions of the Services may be made available under GOPH’s various brands or request options associated with deliveries, services, logistic transactions and/or transportation or logistics. You also acknowledge that the Services may be made available under such brands or request options by or in connection with: (i) certain of GOPHs subsidiaries and affiliates; or (ii) independent Third Party Providers, including service and logistic providers, transportation network company drivers, transportation charter permit holders or holders of similar transportation permits, authorizations or licenses as applicable to the services or applications.
Service and Content.
The Services may be made available or accessed in connection with Third Party Services and content (including advertising) that GOPH does not control. You acknowledge that different terms of use and privacy policies may apply to your use of such Third Party Services and content. GOPH does not endorse such Third Party Services, their content and in no event shall GOPH be responsible or liable for any products or services of such Third Party Providers. Additionally, Apple Inc., Google, Inc., Microsoft Corporation or BlackBerry Limited will be a third-party beneficiary to this contract if you access the services using applications developed for Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Windows, or Blackberry-powered mobile devices, respectively. These third party beneficiaries are not parties to this contract and are not responsible for the provision or support of the services in any manner. Your access to the services using these devices is subject to terms set forth in the applicable third party beneficiary’s terms of service.
Ownership.
The services and all rights therein are and shall remain GOPH’s property or the property of GOPH’s licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the services convey or grant to you any rights: (i) in or related to the services except for the limited license granted above; or (ii) to use or reference in any manner GOPH’s company names, logos, products and service names, trademarks or services marks or those of GOPHs licensors.
 

 Your Use of the Services: 

User Accounts.
In order to use most aspects of the services, you must register for and maintain an active personal user services account (“Account“). You must be at least 18 years of age, or the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction (if different than 18), to obtain an account. Account registration requires you to submit to GOPH certain personal information, such as your name, address, mobile phone number and age; as well as at least one valid payment method (either a credit card or accepted payment partner). For some specific services, we may require additional information, licensing and certification. You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your account at all times. Your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date account information, including having an invalid or expired payment method on file, may result in your inability to access and/or use the services or GOPH’s termination of this agreement with you. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your account username and password at all times. Unless otherwise permitted by GOPH in writing, you may only possess one Account.
User Requirements and Conduct.
The service is not available for use by persons under the age of 18. You may not authorize third parties to use your account, and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to receive transportation or logistics services from Third Party Providers unless they are accompanied by you. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the services, and you may only use the services for lawful purposes (e.g., no transport of unlawful or hazardous materials). You will not in your use of the services cause nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience, or property damage, whether to the Third Party Provider or any other party. In certain instances you may be asked to provide proof of identity or other required information to access or use the services, and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the services if you refuse to provide proof of identity or required information and your account may be terminated without any further notice.
Text Messaging.
By creating an account, you agree that the services may send you informational text (SMS) messages as part of the normal business and operations of your use of the services. You may opt-out of receiving text (SMS) messages from GOPH at any time by texting the word STOP from the mobile device receiving the messages. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving text (SMS) messages may impact your effective and up to date or accurate use of the services.
Promotional Codes.
GOPH may, in GOPH’s sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for account credit, or other features or benefits related to the services and/or a Third Party Provider’s services, subject to any additional terms that GOPH establishes on a per promotional code basis (“Promo Codes“). You agree that promo codes: (i) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (ii) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public form or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by us; (iii) may be disabled by us at any time for any reason without liability to GOPH; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that GOPH establishes for such promo code; (v) are not valid for cash; and (vi) may expire prior to your use. GOPH reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes by you or any other user in the event that GOPH determines or believes that the use or redemption of the promo code was in error, fraudulent, fraudulently obtained, illegal, or in violation of the applicable promo code terms or these terms and/or conditions.
User Provided Content.
GOPH may, in GOPH’s sole discretion, permit you from time to time to submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available to GOPH through the services textual, audio, and/or visual content and information, including commentary and feedback related to the services, initiation of support requests, and submission of entries for competitions and promotions (“User Content“). Any User Content provided by you remains your property. However, by providing User Content to us, you grant GOPH a worldwide, global, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such user Content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Services and GOPH’s business and on third-party sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement of payment to you or any other person or entity.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant GOPH the license to the User Content as set forth above; and (ii) neither the User Content nor your submission, uploading, publishing or otherwise making available of such User Content nor GOPH’s use of the User Content as permitted herein will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to not provide User Content that is defamatory, libelous, hateful, violent, obscene, pornographic, unlawful, or otherwise offensive, as determined by GOPH in its sole discretion, whether or not law may protect such material. We may, but shall not be obligated to, review, monitor, or remove User Content, at GOPH’s sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.
Network Access and Devices.
You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services. Your mobile network’s data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the Services from a wireless-enabled device. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto. GOPH does not guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.

 Payment:

You understand that use of the Services may result in charges to you for the services or goods you receive from a Third Party Provider (“Charges“). After you have received services or goods obtained through your use of the Service, GOPH will facilitate your payment of the applicable Charges on behalf of the Third Party Provider, as such Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent. Payment of the Charges in such manner shall be considered the same as payment made directly by you to the Third Party Provider. Charges will be inclusive of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by GOPH. You retain the right to request lower Charges from a Third Party Provider for services or goods received by you from such Third Party Provider at the time you receive such services or goods. GOPH will respond accordingly to any request from a Third Party Provider to modify the Charges for a particular service or good.
All Charges are due immediately and payment will be facilitated by GOPH using the preferred payment method designated in your Account, after which GOPH will send you a receipt by email. If your primary Account payment method is determined to be expired, invalid or otherwise not able to be charged, you agree that GOPH may, as the Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent, use a secondary payment method in your Account, if available.
As between you and us, GOPH reserves the right to establish, remove and/or revise Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Services at any time in GOPH’s sole discretion. Further, you acknowledge and agree that Charges applicable in certain geographical areas may increase substantially during times of high demand. GOPH will use reasonable efforts to inform you of Charges that may apply, provided that you will be responsible for Charges incurred under your Account regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof. GOPH may from time to time provide certain users with promotional offers and discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or similar services or goods obtained through the use of the Services, and you agree that such promotional offers and discounts, unless also made available to you, shall have no bearing on your use of the Services or the Charges applied to you. You may elect to cancel your request for services or goods from a Third Party Provider at any time prior to such Third Party Provider’s arrival, in which case you may be charged a cancellation fee.
This payment structure is intended to fully compensate the Third Party Provider for the services or goods provided. Except with potentially respect to taxicab transportation services requested through the Application, GOPH does not designate any portion of your payment as a tip or gratuity to the Third Party Provider. Any representation by us (on GOPH’s websites, in the Applications, or in GOPH’s marketing materials) to the effect that tipping is “voluntary,” “not required,” and/or “included” in the payments you make for services or goods provided is not intended to suggest that GOPH provides any additional amounts, beyond those described above, to the Third Party Provider. You understand and agree that, while you are free to provide additional payment as a gratuity to any Third Party Provider who provides you with services or goods obtained through the Service, you are under no obligation to do so. Gratuities are voluntary. After you have received services or goods obtained through the Service, you will have the opportunity to rate your experience and leave additional feedback about your Third Party Provider.
Repair/Cleaning Fees.
You shall be responsible for the cost of repair for damage to, or necessary cleaning of, Third Party Provider vehicles and property resulting from use of the Services under your Account in excess of normal “wear and tear” damages and necessary cleaning (“Repair or Cleaning“). In the event that a Third Party Provider reports the need for Repair or Cleaning, and such Repair or Cleaning request is verified by us in GOPH’s reasonable discretion, we reserves the right to facilitate payment for the reasonable cost of such Repair or Cleaning on behalf of the Third Party Provider using your payment method designated in your Account. Such amounts will be transferred by us to the applicable Third Party Provider and are non-refundable.

 Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity:

Disclaimer. 
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” GOPH DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, GOPH MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR GOODS REQUESTED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. GOPH DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
GOPH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF GOPH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. GOPH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, EVEN IF GOPH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. GOPH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND GOPH’S REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY TRANSPORTATION PROVIDERS PROVIDING TRANSPORTATION SERVICES REQUESTED THROUGH SOME REQUEST BRANDS OR DELIVERY SERVICE REQUIRED FROM THIRD PARTY, MAY OFFER FURTHER SERVICES, RIDESHARING OR PEER-TO-PEER TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AND MAY NOT BE PROFESSIONALLY LICENSED OR PERMITTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GOPH’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (US $500).
GOPH’S SERVICES MAY BE USED BY YOU TO REQUEST AND SCHEDULE TRANSPORTATION, GOODS, OR LOGISTICS SERVICES WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, BUT YOU AGREE THAT GOPH HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO YOU RELATED TO ANY TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.
THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER IN THIS SECTION 5 DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold GOPH and its officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Services or services or goods obtained through your use of the Services; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these Terms; (iii) GOPH’s use of your User Content; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party, including Third Party Providers.

 Dispute Resolution 

Arbitration.
You agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, “Disputes“) will be settled by binding arbitration between you and GOPH, except that each party retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and agree that you and GOPH are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and GOPH otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA“); in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section. (The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
Arbitration Process.
A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_004175 and a separate form for California residents at www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_015822.) The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of California and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.
Arbitration Location and Procedure.
Unless you and GOPH otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000.00 then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents you and GOPH submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the AAA Rules will determine your right to a hearing. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.
Arbitrators Decision.
The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. GOPH will not seek, and hereby waives all rights GOPH may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if we prevail in arbitration.
Fees.
Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, GOPH will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of the modification-related provisions above, if we changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by providing GOPH written notice of such rejection by mail or hand delivery to us within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last update” date above. In order to be effective, the notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to reject changes to this “Dispute Resolution” section. By rejecting changes, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and us in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

 Other Provisions:

Governing Law.
These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
Notice.
GOPH may give notice by means of a general notice on the Services, electronic mail to your email address in your Account, or by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid post to your address in your Account. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon the expiration of 48 hours after mailing or posting (if sent by first class mail or pre-paid post) or 12 hours after sending (if sent by email). You may give notice to GOPH, with such notice deemed given when received by GOPH.
General.
You may not assign these Terms without GOPH’s prior written approval. We may assign these Terms without your consent to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of GOPH’s equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you, GOPH or any Third Party Provider as a result of this Agreement or use of the Services. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent under law. GOPH’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Privacy Policy
Effective May 1, 2015
Your privacy matters to Gopher Protocol, Inc. (the “Company”, “we”, or “us”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information about you. We also provide information regarding how you can access and update your information and make certain choices about how your information is used.
The Privacy Policy covers both our “online” (e.g., web and mobile services, including any web sites operated by us such as gopherprotocol.com hermesroll.com neftapp.com mobile applications, however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) and “offline” (e.g., collection of data through mailings, telephone, or in person) activities owned, operated, provided, or made available by the Company. Our “online” and “offline” activities are collectively referenced as the “Services.” This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features or downloads that:

we own or control.
are available through the Services; or
interact with the Services and post or incorporate this Privacy Policy.

BY USING OUR SERVICES OR BY OTHERWISE GIVING US YOUR INFORMATION, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Please review the following carefully so that you understand our privacy practices. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use any of our Services or give us any of your information. In addition, please review our Term and Conditions, which may apply to your use of our websites and mobile applications. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the applicable Terms and Conditions.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@gopherprotocol.com
We complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We have assured that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.

 What Information Do We Collect?

(a) Information You Provide To Us
Personal Information.
We may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as personal information, which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally, such as your name, e-mail address, and mobile number (“Personal Information“). We may collect this information through various forms and in various places through the Services, including account registration forms, contact us forms, or when you otherwise interact with us. When you sign up to use the Services, you create a user profile. The current required data fields are:

Email
Password
Name
Mobile Phone Number
Zip Code
Credit Card Number, expiration date & security code and or information regarding your PayPal, Google Wallet or other digital payment accounts

If you choose to upload a photo when registering for our Services, the photo may be viewable by us and by the drivers who are picking you up so that they are able to verify your identity. You may remove or update the photo at any time by logging into your account.
(b) Information We Collect As You Access And Use Our Services
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Services (” Usage Information“). This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our Services, all of the areas within our Services that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purpose , including to enhance or otherwise improve the Services. In addition, we collect your IP address or other unique identifier (” Device Identifier“) for your computer, mobile or other device used to access the Services (any, a “Device“). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Services, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.
In addition, tracking information is collected as you navigate through our Services, including, but not limited to geographic areas. If you are using a vehicle requested via our Services, the driver’s mobile phone will send your GPS coordinates, to our servers. Most GPS enabled mobile devices can define one’s location to within 50 feet. We collect this information for various purposes – including providing you with support, to send you promotions and offers, to enhance our Services, and for our internal business purposes. We may also have features that allow you to share this information with other people (such as your family, friends or colleagues) if you choose.
A few of the methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed):
 
Cookies.
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to access the Services. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. Cookies work by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning website.
If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. Cookies can be disabled or controlled by setting a preference within your web browser or on your Device. If you choose to disable cookies or Flash cookies on your Device, some features of the Services may not function properly or may not be able to customize the delivery of information to you.
You should be aware that the Company cannot control the use of cookies (or the resulting information) by third parties, and our Privacy Policy does not cover use of third party cookies.
Web Beacons.
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web and mobile pages and messages. The web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored in a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons or similar technologies help us better manage content on our Services by informing us what content is effective, count users of the Services, monitor how users navigate the Services, count how many e-mails that we send were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. We do not tie the information gathered by web beacons to your personal information.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
(c) Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you through our web site or Mobile Application with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from those sources with information we collect through the Services. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
(d) Information You Provide About A Third Party
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services or a job position, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Services. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program, and do not use this information for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality through our Services, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
 (e) Information Collected by Mobile Applications
Our Services are primarily provided through an application on your mobile, tablet computer or similar device (“Mobile Application“). You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to, technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to such Mobile Applications.
When you use any of our Mobile Applications, the Mobile Application may automatically collect and store some or all of the following information from your mobile device (“Mobile Device Information”), including without limitation:

Your preferred language and country site (if applicable).
Your phone number or other unique device identifier assigned to your mobile device – such as the International Mobile Equipment Identity or the Mobile Equipment ID number.

The IP address of your mobile device.
The manufacturer and model of your mobile device.
Your mobile operating system.


The type of mobile Internet browsers you are using.

Your geo-location.


Information about how you interact with the Mobile Application and any of our web sites to which the Mobile Application links, such as how many times you use a specific part of the mobile application over a given time period, the amount of time you spend using the Mobile Application, how often you use the Mobile Application, actions you take in the Mobile Application and how you engage with the Mobile Application.
Information to allow us to personalize the services and content available through the Mobile Application.

We may use information automatically collected by the Mobile Application (including the Mobile Device Information) in the following ways:

To operate and improve our Mobile Applications, other Services, our company’s services, and tools.
To create aggregated and anonymized information to determine which Mobile Application features are most popular and useful to users, and for other statistical analyses.
To prevent, discover and investigate violations of this Privacy Policy or any applicable terms of service or terms of use for the Mobile Application, and to investigate fraud, chargeback or other matters
To customize the content or services on the Mobile Application for you, or the communications sent to you through the Mobile Application.

With respect to geo-location data we track through your Mobile Device, we use that geo-location information for various purposes – including for you to be able to view the drivers in your area that are close to your location, for you to set your delivery pick up location, so the drivers are able to find the location from which you wish to be picked up, to send you promotions and offers, and to allow you (if you choose through any features we may provide) to share this information with other people. Except as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy, we will not share this information with third parties for any purpose and will only use this information for the sole purpose of providing you with the ability to request delivery service (or a service) via our Mobile Applications. You may at any time no longer allow our Mobile Application to use your location by turning this feature off at the Mobile Device level.
We also provide some of your Personal Information (such as your first name and your photo, if you have chosen to upload your photo to your profile) to the driver/partner who accepts your request for service so that the driver may contact and find you. The companies for which drivers work (that are providing the service) are also able to access your Personal Information, including your geo-location data.
We may associate your unique mobile Device Identifier or Mobile Application usage information with any Personal Information you provide, but we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
Personal Information may also be collected and shared with third-parties if there is content from the Mobile Application that you specifically and knowingly upload to, share with or transmit to an email recipient, online community, website, or to the public, e.g. uploaded photos, posted reviews or comments, or information about you or your ride that you choose to share with others through features which may be provided on our Services. This uploaded, shared or transmitted content will also be subject to the privacy policy of the email, online community website, social media or other platform to which you upload, share or transmit the content.
(f) Information Collected from Job Applicants
If you wish to apply for a job on our web site(s), we will collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, phone number and may collect additional information such as resume, gender, and your ethnicity. We use the information collected within this area of the web site(s) to determine your qualifications for the position in which you have applied and to contact you to set up an interview.

 How Do We Use The Information Collected? 

Our primary goal in collecting your Personal information or Usage Information is to provide you with an enhanced experience when using the Services.
Based upon the Personal Information you provide us when registering for an account, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email, telephone, or SMS or text message, in accordance with your wishes.
We use your information to closely monitor which features of the Services are used most, to allow you to view your order history, store your credit card information on a secure page, view any promotions we may currently be running, rates, and to determine which features we need to focus on improving, including usage patterns and geographic locations to determine where we should offer or focus services, features and/or resources.
We use the information collected from our Mobile Application so that we are able to serve you the correct app version depending on your device type, for troubleshooting and in some cases, marketing purposes. The credit card information you provide in your personal profile at sign-up is not stored by us, but is stored and used by our third party credit card processors in order for them to process payment that you owe third parties for transportation services received by you.
We use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server, and to administer our web site(s). Your IP address is used to help identify you, but contains no personal information about you.
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
In addition, we may use your Personal Information or Usage Information that we collect about you:

To provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of third parties or us.
To process your registration with the Services, including verifying your information is active and valid.
To improve the Services or our services, to customize your experience with the Services, or to serve you specific content that is most relevant to you.
To enable you to participate in a variety of the Services’ features such as online or mobile entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions.
To contact you with regard to your use of the Services and, in our discretion, changes to the Services and/or the Services’ policies.
For internal business purposes.
For inclusion in our data analytics.
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Please note that information submitted to the Services via a “contact us” or other similar function may not receive a response.

 How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?

We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as aggregated user statistics and log data, with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, to deliver targeted advertising about other products or services, or for other business purposes. We do not sell, share, rent or trade the information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal Information.
(a) When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties.
You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties. If you do agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
(b) Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf.
We may use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, provide or perform certain aspects of the Services on our behalf – such as drivers and companies they work for to provide the Services, and other third-parties to host the Services, design and/or operate the Services’ features, track the Services’ analytics, process payments, engage in anti-fraud and security measures, provide support, provide geo-location information to our drivers, enable us to send you special offers, host our job application form, perform technical services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services’ features), or perform other administrative services. We may provide these vendors with access to user information, including Personal Information, this information sharing is limited to only the information needed by the vendor to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. Each of these vendors are obligated not to disclose or use Personal Information for any other purpose.
While we may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Services and viewing of our content, we do not share Personal Information with these analytics service providers, but they may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including non-personally identifiable information.
We use a third party hosting provider who hosts our support section of our website. Our Privacy Policy governs information collected within this section of our web site.
(c) Co-branded Services.
Certain aspects of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Services“) such as sponsors and charities, and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them. Such Co-Branded Services will identify the third party. If you elect to register for products and/or services through the Co-Branded Services, you may be providing your information to both the third party and us. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Service with a username and password obtained through our Services, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Service and will be subject to their posted privacy policies.
(d) Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion“) through the Services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.
(e) Administrative and Legal Reasons.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including Personal Information), including disclosure to third parties such as government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we reasonably determine is necessary and appropriate:

To satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process.
To protect and/or defend the Terms and Conditions for online and mobile Services or other policies applicable to any online and mobile Services, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
To protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Company, our Services or any third party.
To protect the safety of the public for any reason.
To detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
To prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity. Further, we may use IP address or other Device Identifiers, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

(f) Business Transfer.
We may share your information, including your Personal Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information:

To a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Services or applicable database.
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.


 What are Online Behavioral Advertising and How Can I Opt-Out?

Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses information collected on an individual’s web or mobile browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made. This information is then used to select which advertisements should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than our web site(s). For example, if you have shown a preference for nursing while visiting our web site(s), you may be served an advertisement for nursing-related programs when you visit a site other than our web site(s). The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID (alphanumeric number); it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as their name, address or credit card number. The information used for targeted advertising either comes from us or through third party website publishers.
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from us that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click here to access the NAI Opt-Out Page. Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from our Company and any other participating advertisers. If you opt out, you may continue to receive online advertising from us; however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
In order for behavioral advertising opt-outs to work on your Device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new Device, access our Services from a different device, login under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser’s security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.
Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. The NAI Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.

 What About Information I Disclose Publicly?

(a) User Generated Content and Public Information.
The Services may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums or other ways to permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, “User Content“). Others or we may reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed). Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties across the Internet. You should be aware that any User Content you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and use by others who access them. Thus, please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User Content. Please note that Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload, whether through the Services or otherwise. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through the Services.
To request removal of your User Content from our blog or community forum or similar features, contact us through info@gopherprotocol.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your User content, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
(b) Name and Likeness.
We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Services, please review our Terms and Conditions.

 Does Third Party Content And Links To Third Party Services Appear on the Services?

The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect web site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from any online or mobile Services are served to your browser. In addition, when you are using the Services, you may be directed to other sites or applications that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you away from one of our websites onto a different web site. These other web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites or applications before submitting any Personal Information to third parties.

 What About Social Media Features and Widgets?

Our online and mobile Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets such as a “Share This” button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our online and mobile Services. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our online or mobile Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our online Services. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.

 How Do I Change My Information and What If I Cancel My Account?

You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us through info@gopherprotocol.com. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may also cancel or modify your communications that you have elected to receive from the Services by following the instructions contained within an e-mail or by logging into your user account and changing your communication preferences.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us through info@gopherprotocol.com.
We will retain your Personal Information and Usage Information (including geo-location) for as long as your account with the Services is active and as needed to provide you services. Even after your account is terminated, we will retain your Personal Information and Usage Information (including geo-location, order history, credit card information and transaction history) as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account (such as addressing chargebacks from your credit card companies), investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for other business reason. After a period of time, your data may be anonymized and aggregated, and then may be held by us as long as necessary for us to provide our Services effectively, but our use of the anonymized data will be solely for analytic purposes.

 What Should Parents Know About Children?

The Company cares about the safety of children. Because our Services are not directed toward minors, no one under 18 (and certainly no children under 13) are allowed to register with or use the Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If we discover that we have collected personal information from a person under 18, we will delete that information immediately. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor under the age of eighteen (18) and believe he or she has disclosed Personal Information to us, please contact us at info@gopherprotocol.com.

 What About Security?

The Personal Information and Usage Information we collect is securely stored within our databases, and we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such as encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) for protecting your information – such as any portions of your credit card number which we retain (we do not ourselves retain your entire credit card information) and geo-location information. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet or wireless communication, and any information you transmit to the Company you do at your own risk. We recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone.

 What About Changes To The Privacy Policy?

From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

 Your California Privacy Rights:

California’s “Shine the Light” law, California Civil Code § 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from individuals in California (those who have an established business relationship with us) asking about the business’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you first affirmatively agree to the disclosure (opt-in) or if you have exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing (opt-out).
We have opted for this alternative approach, and we do not share your personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you provide us with permission at the time you provide such information.

 What About Consent To Transfer Information To The United States?

If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including, Personal Information, may be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
Copyright Policy
Notification of Copyright Infringement:
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect its users to do the same.
It is our policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website., we will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the our websites or other online network accessible through a mobile device or other type of device (the “Sites”) that are reported to ours Designated Copyright Agent.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Sites by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to ours Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of the Notice, we will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Sites.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)

Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed. 
Identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site(s) where such material may be found. 
Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address. 
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice: 

“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).” 
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.” 

Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature. 

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Designated Copyright Agent.
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Maintaining the safety and privacy of your data with Our Company is one of our Engineering’s top goals. If you are a security researcher (or any other perceptive user) and have discovered security vulnerability in one of our products, please contact info@gopherprotocol.com. We consider reports to us to be of the highest priority, and will investigate them as quickly as possible.
For vulnerabilities reported to us in compliance with this disclosure policy, we commit to validate, respond to, and fix vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and to not take legal or administrative action against responsible vulnerability reporters. We reserve all of our legal rights in the event of noncompliance.
Please include the following in security submissions:

Your email address
Your full name
Summary of issue
Steps to reproduce the issue

 
OTHER
ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY
We do not tolerate the use of alcohol or drugs by drivers using our apps. If you believe your driver/service provider may be under the influence of drugs or alcohol, please have the driver END THE SERVICE IMMEDIATELY. After the driver/service provider has ended the service, please report any feedback when rating your service in our app, or reply to your emailed receipt, email info@gopherprotocol.com.
NON – DISCRIMINATION POLICY 
We seek to ensure that safe, reliable, and high-quality service options are available to everyone. We and our affiliates therefore prohibit discrimination against users, clients, riders, drivers or service providers based on race, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, sex, marital status, gender identity, age or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal or state law. Such discrimination includes, but is not limited to, refusing to provide or accept services based on any of these characteristics. Any service provider or driver found to have violated this prohibition would lose access to our platform.
DRIVER/SERVICE PROVIDER APPLICANT PRIVACY STATEMENT (USA ONLY)
Collection and Use of Driver/Service Provider Information. We and our Affiliates may collect personal data from Driver/Service provider during the course of sign-up for, and use of, the our Services, including location data, which information may be stored, processed, and accessed by us and our Affiliates for business purposes, including for marketing, lead generation, service development and improvement, analytics, industry and market research, and such other purposes consistent with us and our Affiliates’ legitimate business needs. Driver/Service provider expressly consents to such collection and use of personal data.

Disclosure of Driver/Service provider Information to Third Parties. Subject to all applicable laws, we may provide to a third party any information (including personal data and any Data) about Driver/Service provider or any Services provided hereunder if: (a) there is a complaint, dispute or conflict, including an accident, between service provider on the one hand and a User on the other hand; (b) it is necessary to enforce the terms of the Agreement; (c) it is required, in us or any Affiliate’s sole discretion, by applicable law (e.g., we receives a subpoena or warrant for information); or (d) it is necessary, in our or any Affiliate’s sole discretion, to protect the safety, rights, property or security of our Company, Our Services, or any third party; to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and/or to prevent or stop activity we or any of our Affiliates, in their sole discretion, consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable).
Location-Based Services Consent. Driver/Service Provider expressly consents to our use of location-based services, and expressly waives and releases us and our Affiliates from any and all liability, claims, causes of action or damages arising from use of the our Services, or in any way relating to the use of the geo-location and other location-based services.

GUIDELINES FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES
The following guidelines are intended to inform law enforcement about the legal process for seeking records from us. These are merely guidelines, and this information may change at any time.
What is our and what records do we have?
We are a technology platform company that has developed an app that connects users with driver/service provider partners who provide delivery or any other service to the user. We are not a transportation carrier, and/or service provider – do not employ any drivers or service providers. Users can use our Apps to request service via their smartphone, the web, or via SMS. Our users can choose from a variety of services available in his or her location.
We store and maintain information as described in our Privacy Policies and Term of Use
What type of legal process do… We require before producing user or partner information?
For U.S. Law Enforcement
We require valid and sufficient legal process before we can disclose business records regarding partners, users, or trips. In most instances, we won’t be able to provide any information without a valid subpoena, court order, or search warrant. We accept law enforcement requests via personal service through our corporate agent for service. Our acceptance of legal process does not waive any legal objections we may have and may raise in response to the request.
For Non-U.S. Law Enforcement
We disclose business records only in accordance with our terms of service and applicable law. A valid U.S. court order may be required to compel disclosure of certain records.
What form of requests we require, and how are requests processed?
To respond to a request, we will need to receive the applicable process described above, as well as a valid return email address from an official government domain.
We review each request for facial and substantive validity, and will reject requests that are not facially and substantively valid. Among other things, we require requests to be narrowly tailored to a legitimate law enforcement need and will reject overly broad, vague, or unduly burdensome requests.
In order to make sure your Law Enforcement Request is valid and does not seek more information than necessary, we ask for the following:

A sufficiently narrow/defined time period;
A specific event or action that the subject took;
A specific reference (i.e., you must uniquely identify a user or driver partner)

We disclose data to law enforcement when we determine that we are required to do so by law. In those instances, we will search for and disclose data that we are reasonably able to locate and retrieve.
How does you handle emergency requests?
We have a process for evaluating requests on an emergency basis where there is an emergency that involves protecting a user, driver/service provider partner, or third party or stopping illegal activity that poses an immediate threat of death or serious bodily harm. Requestors must submit an Emergency Request (which can be e mailed through info@gopherprotocol.com) that describes in detail the nature of the emergency, and we review these requests on a case-by-case basis.
Law enforcement can submit an emergency request by emailing info@gopherprotocol.com. Please note that we will only review and respond to emergency requests from law enforcement, and will not respond to emergency requests sent to this address by non-law enforcement officials. Non-law enforcement officials aware of an emergency situation should immediately and directly contact local law enforcement officials.
Do you notify individuals of a law enforcement request for information relating to them?
Yes, we may notify subjects before producing their information to law enforcement, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so, or in exceptional circumstances such as emergencies. Law enforcement officials who believe that notification would jeopardize an investigation should obtain an appropriate court order or other appropriate process establishing that notice is prohibited.
Do you provide a certificate of authentication or expert testimony?
We may provide a certification from our records custodian but are not generally able to provide in-person or expert witness testimony.
GUIDELINES FOR THIRD PARTY DATA REQUESTS
The following guidelines are intended to inform private parties, including civil litigants and criminal defendants, about the legal process for seeking records from us. These are merely guidelines, and this information may change at any time.
These guidelines apply to non-law enforcement requests.


What legal process do you require before producing data to private parties?
Requests
We generally require a valid subpoena from a USA court issued in accordance with applicable law before we can process private requests for information. We require non-law enforcement subpoenas to be personally served through our registered agent.
What form of requests do you require, and how are requests processed?
We review each subpoena for facial and substantive validity, and will reject requests that are not facially and substantively valid. Among other things, we require requests to be narrowly tailored, and will reject overly broad, vague, or unduly burdensome requests. Before making a request, please check to see if the information sought is publicly available.
In order to make sure your subpoena is valid, we ask for the following:

A sufficiently narrow/defined time period;
A specific reference (i.e., you must uniquely identify a user or driver/partner, ideally by more than just a name)
Your contact information (i.e., name and email address and/or phone number)

When we determine that we are required by law to disclose data in response to a subpoena, we will search for and disclose data that we are reasonably able to locate and retrieve.
Note: We will not respond to emergency requests received from non-law enforcement officials. Non-law enforcement officials aware of an emergency situation should immediately and directly contact local law enforcement.
Do you provide a certificate of authentication or expert testimony?
We may provide a certification from our records custodian but are generally not able to provide in person or expert witness testimony.


































Gopher Protocol | Exclusive license agreement


























































 




Gopher Protocol

http://gopherprotocol.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/GOPHER-MONDAY-CUT-1.mp4

Artificial Intelligence and Internet of Things (IoT) enabled mobile technology, introducing new innovations within the mobile arena, and connecting people throughout the World.
Our patented self-learning and adaptive Integrated Circuit (IC), the GopherInsight™, as well as our suite of mobile applications, together create inner-mobile, private, secured networks, which also provide a mobile technology for computing power enhancement, advanced mobile database management/sharing, as well as many additional features!
The first of many products to be unveiled utilizing these technologies is the Guardian Tracking PATCH – A revolutionary tracking technology, worldwide. Read more here.
Gopher Protocol, Inc. , a publicly traded company under the symbol  ( OTCQB  ; GOPH )





































 





































Investors | Gopher Protocol





























































Investors


Home  » Investors 



 



Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Nevada corporation, was established on July 22, 2009. The company is developing a mobile technology for computing power enhancement, advanced mobile database management/sharing and additional features!
Our patented Integrated Circuit (IC), named GopherInsight™ and accompanied mobile application software create inner-mobile private, secured network. 
The company’s common stock trades on the OTCQB, under the symbol GOPH.
Sec Filling




Format
Description
Filing Date
File/Film Number
 
ZIP Files


D
 Documents
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities, item 06c Acc-no: 0001615774-16-008562 (33 Act)  Size: 8 KB
2016-11-23
021-275050 162015251
 


NT 10-Q
 Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSB Acc-no: 0001615774-16-008407 (34 Act)  Size: 19 KB
2016-11-16
000-54530 162001032
 


10-Q
 Documents   Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-16-008335 (34 Act)  Size: 3 MB
2016-11-15
000-54530 161997755
 


10-Q/A
 Documents   Interactive Data
[Amend] Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-16-007274 (34 Act)  Size: 2 MB
2016-09-20
000-54530 161893521
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-006917 (34 Act)  Size: 33 KB
2016-08-22
000-54530 161844986
 


10-Q
 Documents   Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-16-006780 (34 Act)  Size: 2 MB
2016-08-15
000-54530 161831823
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, 3.02, 4.02, 8.01, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-006629 (34 Act)  Size: 293 KB
2016-08-09
000-54530 161816610
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-006313 (34 Act)  Size: 102 KB
2016-07-12
000-54530 161763110
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, and 3.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-006088 (34 Act)  Size: 13 KB
2016-06-28
000-54530 161734812
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005868 (34 Act)  Size: 64 KB
2016-06-13
000-54530 161710525
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005812 (34 Act)  Size: 29 KB
2016-06-08
000-54530 161702994
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005738 (34 Act)  Size: 19 KB
2016-06-02
000-54530 161691762
 


10-Q
 Documents   Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005309 (34 Act)  Size: 2 MB
2016-05-11
000-54530 161639034
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005215 (34 Act)  Size: 28 KB
2016-05-05
000-54530 161623422
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005085 (34 Act)  Size: 28 KB
2016-04-26
000-54530 161591776
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005068 (34 Act)  Size: 30 KB
2016-04-22
000-54530 161586026
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 5.02 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-005052 (34 Act)  Size: 110 KB
2016-04-20
000-54530 161582088
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, item 5.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004823 (34 Act)  Size: 16 KB
2016-04-06
000-54530 161556800
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004808 (34 Act)  Size: 27 KB
2016-04-05
000-54530 161554780
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004730 (34 Act)  Size: 26 KB
2016-03-30
000-54530 161540507
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004562 (34 Act)  Size: 32 KB
2016-03-22
000-54530 161521075
 


10-K
 Documents   Interactive Data
Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004519 (34 Act)  Size: 4 MB
2016-03-18
000-54530 161516219
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004289 (34 Act)  Size: 17 KB
2016-02-23
000-54530 161447205
 


8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004163 (34 Act)  Size: 17 KB
2016-02-12
000-54530 161413700



8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-004086 (34 Act)  Size: 22 KB
2016-02-03
000-54530 161383159



8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-16-003836 (34 Act)  Size: 23 KB
2016-01-08
000-54530 161332109



8-K
 Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-003534 (34 Act)  Size: 22 KB
2015-12-01
000-54530 151262607



10-Q
 Documents   Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-15-003332 (34 Act)  Size: 3 MB
2015-11-16
000-54530 151236075
Download 


NT 10-Q
 Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSB Acc-no: 0001615774-15-003242 (34 Act)  Size: 22 KB
2015-11-13
000-54530 151227444



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-003033 (34 Act) Size: 11 KB
2015-10-27
000-54530 151176882



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002981 (34 Act) Size: 14 KB
2015-10-21
000-54530 151167808



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002918 (34 Act) Size: 10 KB
2015-10-13
000-54530 151156812



SC 13D
Documents
General statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002903 (34 Act) Size: 56 KB
2015-10-13
005-87730 151155014



SC 13D
Documents
General statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002883 (34 Act) Size: 56 KB
2015-10-09
005-87730 151152387



SC 13D
Documents
General statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002881 (34 Act) Size: 57 KB
2015-10-09
005-87730 151152380



SC 13D
Documents
General statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002879 (34 Act) Size: 56 KB
2015-10-09
005-87730 151152376



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002876 (34 Act) Size: 26 KB
2015-10-09
000-54530 151152206



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002748 (34 Act) Size: 19 KB
2015-09-28
000-54530 151128195



3
Documents
Initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002728 Size: 4 KB
2015-09-25




3
Documents
Initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002688 Size: 4 KB
2015-09-24




8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002656 (34 Act) Size: 22 KB
2015-09-23
000-54530 151120822



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002558 (34 Act) Size: 16 KB
2015-09-14
000-54530 151105462



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002540 (34 Act) Size: 20 KB
2015-09-14
000-54530 151104077



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002420 (34 Act) Size: 50 KB
2015-08-28
000-54530 151079934
 


8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002358 (34 Act) Size: 47 KB
2015-08-21
000-54530 151068426
 


10-Q/A
Documents Interactive Data
[Amend]Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002117 (34 Act) Size: 3 MB
2015-08-10
000-54530 151039093
 Download 


10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-15-002106 (34 Act) Size: 3 MB
2015-08-07
000-54530 151036567
Download 


8-K
Documents
Current report, item 5.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-001669 (34 Act) Size: 14 KB
2015-07-01
000-54530 15964022
 


D
Documents
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities, item 06c Acc-no: 0001615774-15-001550 (33 Act) Size: 5 KB
2015-06-19
021-242187 15942192
 


8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-001510 (34 Act) Size: 59 KB
2015-06-16
000-54530 15934989



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 3.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-001138 (34 Act) Size: 13 KB
2015-05-19
000-54530 15877210



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-15-001001 (34 Act) Size: 4 MB
2015-05-14
000-54530 15859886
Download 


8-K
Documents
Current report, items 5.03 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000855 (34 Act) Size: 350 KB
2015-05-01
000-54530 15821410



3
Documents
Initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000837 Size: 4 KB
2015-04-29




8-K
Documents 
Current report, items 4.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000814 (34 Act) Size: 68 KB
2015-04-24
000-54530 15789684



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 5.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000797 (34 Act) Size: 18 KB
2015-04-23
000-54530 15787810



10-K
Documents Interactive Data
Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000751 (34 Act) Size: 5 MB
2015-04-15
000-54530 15771804



DEF 14C
Documents
Other definitive information statements Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000665 (34 Act) Size: 72 KB
2015-04-03
000-54530 15751165



NT 10-K
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-K 405, 10-K, 10-KSB 405, 10-KSB, 10-KT, or 10-KT405 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000624 (34 Act) Size: 19 KB
2015-04-01
000-54530 15741042



PRE 14C
Documents
Other preliminary information statements Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000537 (34 Act) Size: 70 KB
2015-03-20
000-54530 15715924



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000456 (34 Act) Size: 104 KB
2015-03-12
000-54530 15693799



SC 13G/A
Documents
[Amend]Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001193125-15-081069 (34 Act) Size: 36 KB
2015-03-06
005-87730 15681945



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 5.03 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000355 (34 Act) Size: 14 KB
2015-02-24
000-54530 15644346



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 5.03 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000320 (34 Act) Size: 118 KB
2015-02-18
000-54530 15624783



SC 13G
Documents
Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001171520-15-000144 (34 Act) Size: 66 KB
2015-02-13
005-87730 15615911



SC 13G
Documents
Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001193125-15-046820 (34 Act) Size: 33 KB
2015-02-12
005-87730 15606655



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000228 (34 Act) Size: 14 KB
2015-02-09
000-54530 15586288



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-15-000158 (34 Act) Size: 118 KB
2015-01-27
000-54530 15551218



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001615774-14-000397 (34 Act) Size: 49 KB
2014-11-20
000-54530 141237070



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001615774-14-000362 (34 Act) Size: 4 MB
2014-11-18
000-54530 141230965
Download 


NT 10-Q
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSB Acc-no: 0001615774-14-000332 (34 Act) Size: 18 KB
2014-11-14
000-54530 141223236



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 5.02 Acc-no: 0001615774-14-000286 (34 Act) Size: 14 KB
2014-11-07
000-54530 141205247



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 5.02 Acc-no: 0001013762-14-001189 (34 Act) Size: 13 KB
2014-10-08
000-54530 141147482



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000992 (34 Act) Size: 4 MB
2014-08-14
000-54530 141043579
Download 


DEF 14C
Documents
Other definitive information statements Acc-no: 0001144204-14-049145 (34 Act) Size: 87 KB
2014-08-13
000-54530 141036212



PRE 14C
Documents
Other preliminary information statements Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000827 (34 Act) Size: 148 KB
2014-07-22
000-54530 14985306



SC 13G/A
Documents
[Amend]Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001144204-14-039447 (34 Act) Size: 38 KB
2014-06-25
005-87730 14938956



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000600 (34 Act) Size: 4 MB
2014-05-19
000-54530 14855612
Download 


NT 10-Q
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSB Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000569 (34 Act) Size: 27 KB
2014-05-15
000-54530 14847326



SC 13G
Documents
Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001603294-14-000011 (34 Act) Size: 10 KB
2014-04-25
005-87730 14783512



10-K
Documents Interactive Data
Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000392 (34 Act) Size: 5 MB
2014-04-14
000-54530 14761953



SC 13G
Documents
Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001603294-14-000008 (34 Act) Size: 10 KB
2014-04-10
005-87730 14755689



NT 10-K
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-K 405, 10-K, 10-KSB 405, 10-KSB, 10-KT, or 10-KT405 Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000348 (34 Act) Size: 29 KB
2014-04-01
000-54530 14732390



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 3.02, 5.01, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001013762-14-000004 (34 Act) Size: 36 KB
2014-01-03
000-54530 14504654



SC 13G
Documents
Statement of acquisition of beneficial ownership by individuals Acc-no: 0001144204-13-064971 (34 Act) Size: 38 KB
2013-12-02
005-87730 131250952



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001013762-13-001428 (34 Act) Size: 4 MB
2013-11-14
000-54530 131221424
Download 


8-K
Documents
Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001013762-13-001212 (34 Act) Size: 70 KB
2013-09-04
000-54530 131077286



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001013762-13-001066 (34 Act) Size: 5 MB
2013-08-14
000-54530 131037056
Download 


8-K
Documents
Current report, items 1.01, 2.03, 3.02, and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000978 (34 Act) Size: 310 KB
2013-08-01
000-54530 131003310



8-K
Documents
Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000785 (34 Act) Size: 17 KB
2013-06-05
000-54530 13893089



10-Q
Documents Interactive Data
Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)] Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000753 (34 Act) Size: 3 MB
2013-05-20
000-54530 13858796
Download 


10-K/A
Documents
[Amend]Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000687 (34 Act) Size: 143 KB
2013-05-13
000-54530 13837209



NT 10-Q
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSB Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000685 (34 Act) Size: 28 KB
2013-05-13
000-54530 13837157



8-K
Documents
Current report, items 4.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000608 (34 Act) Size: 39 KB
2013-04-26
000-54530 13785355



10-K
Documents Interactive Data
Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000535 (34 Act) Size: 5 MB
2013-04-15
000-54530 13761737



NT 10-K
Documents
Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-K 405, 10-K, 10-KSB 405, 10-KSB, 10-KT, or 10-KT405 Acc-no: 0001013762-13-000467 (34 Act) Size: 33 KB
2013-04-01
000-54530 13730574




XBRL FILINGS
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2017
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2016
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2016
XBRL – For Period Ending June 30, 2016
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2016
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2015
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2015
XBRL – For Period Ending June 30, 2015
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2015
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2014
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2014
XBRL – For Period Ending June 30, 2014
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2014
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2013
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2013
XBRL – For Period Ending June 30, 2013
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2013
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2012
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2012
XBRL – For Period Ending March 31, 2012
XBRL – For Period Ending December 31, 2011
XBRL – For Period Ending September 30, 2011
 
 





























Gopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in JuneHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballGopher Protocol, Inc., a Native IoT Technology Developer, Announces Beta Version for its Epsilon Software Tests with Prospective Clients to Begin in JuneMarketwiredMay 23, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - May 23, 2017) - Gopher Protocol, Inc. (  OTCQB :  GOPH ) ("Gopher" and the "Company"), a development-stage company which specializes in the development of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies, announces a New Release of its software product Epsilon. The goal of Epsilon is to introduce improvements in the semiconductor development and design industry.Gopher's initial assessment suggests that Epsilon may allow semiconductor manufacturers to speed up the development process of chips, as well as provide for the optimization of chip design so that it uses less power.Epsilon does this by enabling designers to identify and correct faulty spots early during the design stages. Gopher believes that Epsilon may be able reduce development time for a chip by 30-50%, which could offer significant potential savings for chip manufacturers.Furthermore, Gopher expects that using Epsilon will enable microchip designers to design more power-efficient chips.Epsilon completes an on-the-fly analysis for electrical constraints during Integrated Circuit (IC) early design stages and suggests a method for correction of such constraints; this early detection eliminates problems that would be more expensive to address later in the development cycle.This release includes special algorithms that were especially targeted to analyze performance and power consumption of microchips that are designed for mobile and IoT domains. The requirements for these type of ICs is to comply with higher standards of low-power and high-performance for these types of circuitry and functionality. Epsilon includes a new mode called "IoT Aware" which specifically addresses these types of ICs; which fall within the RF and MIXED design types.Gopher Protocol is pleased to announce that several semiconductor companies are in ongoing evaluation of the technology with live evaluation set to begin by the beginning of June 2017.About Guardian Pet Tracker http://www.guardianpettracker.com/ The Guardian Pet Tracker (Sphere Internal name - the "Sphere") system is a derivative technology of Gopher's Guardian Patch technology. The Sphere is designed to provide its users with local tracking capability using a re-chargeable/replaceable battery source. Gopher intends to release pre-production units in limited test in the near future.About Gopher Protocol, Inc. Gopher Protocol, Inc. (  OTCQB :  GOPH ) ("Gopher" and the "Company") (http://gopherprotocol.com/) is a development-stage company which considers itself Native IoT creator, developing Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technology. The Company has a portfolio of Intellectual Property that when commercialized will include smart microchips, mobile application software and supporting cloud software. The system contemplates the creation of a global network. Gopher believes this will be the first system that is developed using artificial intelligence based analysis engine. The core of the system will be its advanced microchip technology that can be installed in any mobile device worldwide, Gopher envisions an internal, private network between all enabled mobile devices providing shared processing, advanced mobile database management/sharing and enhanced mobile features.Corporate Site: http://gopherprotocol.com Press page/ press kit -- http://gopherprotocol.com/?page_id=228 Consumer and product website for Guardian Patch: http://www.guardianpatch.com/.Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors as disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission located at their website (http://www.sec.gov). In addition to these factors, actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially because of more general factors including (without limitation) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, economic conditions, and governmental and public policy changes. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent the Company's views as of the date of this press release and these views could change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent to the date of the press release.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTesla's Elon Musk and 3 Other Business Titans Think Artificial Intelligence Will Send You the Pink SlipThe StreetThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredAmazon sales surge, but spending bites into profitAFPIntel lifts forecasts as driverless tech, AI add to PC gainsReutersAI Taking Over? Google Working On Giving Bots ImaginationInternational Business TimesEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredBetter, or worse? Google joins Tri Alpha Energy to find better paths to fusion powerGeekWireThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderTesla climbs as Musk prepares to hand over first Model 3 carsReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCMS-13: a ruthless Latino gang that preys on its ownGail: Sounds like a terrorist group to me.  Treat them as such.Join the Conversation1 / 5237








