


Douglas S Gordon - Bend, OR | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Douglas S Gordon in Bend, OR


Douglas S Gordon

                                                Intelius found that Douglas S Gordon  is  a male from Bend, OR.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Doug  Gordon


Get Report Now

Douglas Has Lived In

Bend, OR
Harrisburg, PA
Camp Hill, PA

Douglas's Relatives

Kristen Houlker







Douglas S Gordon



GenderMale



Professional Status
View All Products at Asukabook



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Douglas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Douglas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Douglas S Gordon
Get a Criminal Check on Douglas S Gordon
Get a Public Record Report on Douglas S Gordon
Get a People Search Report on Douglas S Gordon


Douglas S Gordon's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Douglas S Gordon has lived as well as Douglas S Gordon's phone numbers and email addresses.




Douglas S Gordon Has Lived in 2 States
Oregon Address for Douglas S Gordon


19855 4** S* 

Bend, OR


Has Lived In

Bend, OR
Harrisburg, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Douglas S Gordon



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Douglas S Gordon



Get Email Report




Douglas S Gordon's Professional Information
Information regarding Douglas S Gordon's professional history.  Find out previous places Douglas S Gordon has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Douglas S Gordon Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Asukabook
               Title: View All Products
Douglas S Gordon's Experience
Title: View All Products
               Company: Asukabook
Job Details
               AsukaBook products are made in Japan and are widely endorsed by professional photographers and designers because of the exceptional quality of our products. We offer a superior product with a polished look and feel that is very popular with photographer's clients.
Additional Professional Information on Douglas S Gordon

 See Douglas S Gordon's LinkedIn Profile



Douglas S Gordon's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Douglas S Gordon


Douglas S Gordon's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Douglas S Gordon's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Douglas Gordon
Username Matches

                  DouglasGordon
                  GordonDouglas
                  Douglas.Gordon
                  Gordon.Douglas
                  Douglas_Gordon
                  Gordon_Douglas
                  Douglas-Gordon
                  Gordon-Douglas
                  DGordon
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Gordon







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Bio  HomeBioFundraisingBookingVideosStorePROMO  "There's a lot of good preachers out there and a lot of funny comedians but nobody puts the two together quite like Gordon" Robert Hayes, America's Keswick    TV APPEARANCES on the 700 Club, the Pat Hubert Show, the Mark Daniels Show, and Light Talk with Sam Beman!RADIO PROGRAMS - National Daily Daren Streblow Comedy Hour, John Yoast on WBYN, Dez Childs, Ken Jackson, a frequent guest on A Look in the Book with Larry Weed, and countless interviews on local radio programs!TEEN, MARRAIGE, AND FAMILY RETREATS - frequent speaker at Sandy Cove Conference Center, Camp Hebron, Blackrock Retreat, and Brandywine Summit! ​CONFERENCES - Focus on the Family, the Catch the Fire in Toronto, Women of Faith, Pastor's Kids Conference, America's Keswick, and more!       Where Gordon's Been   What else do you need to know? Besides his vast comedy background, Gordon was named Who’s Who in America’s Universities when he graduated from Philadelphia Biblical University in 1995. For the last 20 years Gordon has served as the head of the pastoral board of the Delaware County Pregnancy Center and regional coordinator of the National Day of Prayer. In his spare time he is still the president of Therapeutic Construction and Design- making custom equipment for folks with disabilities. In honor of his hero Bob Hope, Gordon started OPERATION BELLYLAUGHS, sending comedy DVDs to the troops. If you know a man or woman serving in the military, Gordon will send them a DVD. Just e-mail Gordon the address! So what are you waiting for? Check out the samples of Gordon's comedy under VIDEOS and then click the BOOKING tab!  Who needs a comedy writer? His unique home offers hours of comedy material and inspiration for living life to the fullest. When he and Dawn were told they couldn’t have children, they were deeply moved by the biography of Keith Green, and they opened their hearts and home to 8 boys ( only 3 at a time ), a missionary family with four kids, a young couple with a baby. Also living with him are his "in-laws" and some "out-laws." YES - 2 prisoners under house arrest!  Check out the dinner table! ​In 2009 Gordon and his wife Dawn were named Parents of the Year in the state of Pennsylvania.    Learning from his comedy heroes Bill Cosby and Red Skelton, Gordon’s comedy mixes real life stories with “off the wall” physical comedy and his own hilarious view of life. You will relate to his side splitting stories from his life- like dropping the sermon notes into the grave at his first funeral to his demonstration of changing his first diaper, to his now famous “pantyhose dance” that has folks rolling in the aisles. He helps us see the funny things all around us and find joy no matter what we are going through.​ But he is more than funny ! With genuine humility, honesty, and passion Gordon often weaves life lessons into his programs of the things he’s learned in the ordinary and often painful events in his life that include some tragic deaths, his wife’s victorious battle with cancer, and his dads many years confined to a wheelchair.    ABOUT GORDON   30 years of comedy in 37 states and 4 countries2009 Parent of the Year​Gordon Douglas has been married to his wife Dawn for over 35 years,. They have five natural children and have opened their hearts and home to a whole lot more. But most importantly, Gordon is someone who lives and loves to laugh!His comedy skills took him from the nightclubs in Philadelphia to Hollywood - and then ended up in ministry! But 15 years ago a wild thought came to him…. he didn’t have to give up comedy for the ministry - he can do both, often at the same time!​So since returning to the comedy world in 1995, Gordon has been in 37 states and 4 countries and has been featured on a variety of television and radio programs. What makes Gordon different? His unique ability to connect with everyone from teenagers to senior citizens. His comedy program has been seen on both Royal Caribbean and Carnival cruise lines. But his favorite events are for Church groups where there is a mixture of fun and faith, love and laughter.       Gordon Douglas Comedy   © ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Privacy Policygordoncomedy@comcast.net610-459-1502​  View on Mobile 
































Gordon, Douglas, Pasha Freight 6200 Beckley Stre Et Baltimore Maryland 21224 United States | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Gordon, Douglas
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Gordon, Douglas's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
2 U.S. shipments available for Gordon, Douglas, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2011-07-10
See all 2 shipment records for Gordon, Douglas with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2011-07-10


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 0 suppliers of Gordon, Douglas
 Learn more about network view 






Top products


dod sponsored 





sponsored 





dod 





mil hhgds 





effect 






10 top products available
        





Contact information for Gordon, Douglas


 

Address
Pasha Freight 6200 Beckley Stre Et Baltimore Maryland 21224 United States

 


 




           
      More contact information 



Sample Bill of Lading
2 shipment records available



Date
2011-07-10


Shipper Name
Dewitt Transportation Services


Shipper Address
(FOR: ACTION HOUSEHOLD GOODS FWDRS), 165 I. LEON GUERRERO STREET, SUITE, 100 Tamuning,  96913 Guam


Consignee Name
Gordon, Douglas


Consignee Address
C/O PASHA FREIGHT 6200 BECKLEY STRE, ET Baltimore, Maryland 21224 United, States


Notify Party Name
Pasha Freight


Notify Party Address
6200 BECKLEY STREET  Baltimore, Mar, yland 21224 United States


Weight
8218


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
8218.0


Quantity
12


Quantity Unit
PCS


Measure
63


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
Guam


Details
8,218.0 kgFrom port: Shanghai, ChinaTo port: The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


Place of Receipt
93501


Foreign Port of Lading
Shanghai, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


U.S. Destination Port
The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


Commodity
Dod Sponsored Used Mil Hhgds (12 Of 13 Pcs)


Container
HRZU4526842


Marks Description
As Marked


Carrier Name
HORIZON LINES LLC


Vessel Name
HORIZON TIGER


Voyage Number
045E


Bill of Lading Number
HRZDGUM100261A


Lloyd's Code
9303792


HTS Codes
HTS 8431







 



Buyers of similar products 
dod sponsored buyershhgd buyershhgds buyershouse buyerssalc buyerssponsored buyers




Suppliers of similar products
dod sponsored manufacturershhgd manufacturershhgds manufacturershouse manufacturerssalc manufacturerssponsored manufacturers




Buyers similar to Gordon, Douglas

Overhead Door CorporationAmerican Avk Co.Cook Composites And PolymersEagleshine Group Inc.Mclain Distributors DirectToys Rus (Warehouse 0063)







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








Sons of the Mars by Gordon Douglas (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Sons of the Mars
                


By Gordon Douglas 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 164 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $20.46
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Further tales of the boys who served on the Mars Training Ship, moored on the Tay from 1869 to 1929, telling of their adventures before, during and after their time aboard.








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  79163 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
        Gordon Douglas (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
1st
Publisher
Shakeyhands
Published
    December 3, 2013

Language
English
Pages
164
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.75 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        9 wide x 7 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/gordon-douglas/sons-of-the-mars/paperback/product-21331365.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Mars Training Ship,                Dundee,                Naval History 
Listed In

 History


More From     
                                Gordon Douglas                    










                                    Mary, In Search of a...
                    

By Gordon Douglas,                                                         Gary Mitchell 

            Paperback:        

$15.31
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service in Louisville, KY 40203 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Kentucky
» Louisville
» Specialized Insurance
» Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service













Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1256 S 3rd St  Louisville, Kentucky 40203


(502) 635-7066


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service is located at the address 1256 S 3rd St in Louisville, Kentucky 40203.  They can be contacted via phone at (502) 635-7066 for pricing, hours and directions.  Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service specializes in Auto Accidents, Personal Injury & Property Damage, Recreational Vehicles.  Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Douglas  Gordon, AgentGordon Douglas S Insurance Service provides Commercial Services, Payroll Processing, Consultations to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service view the map to the right.  For reviews of Gordon Douglas S Insurance Service see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Self-Employed Policies
, IRAs
, Construction
, Securities
, Combination Policies
, Burial Insurance
, Individual Policies
, Retirement Plans
, Mutual Funds
, Group Policies



SERVICES


Customer Service
, Wealth Management
, Consultations
, Immediate Coverage
, Investments
, Estate Planning
, Commercial Services
, Investment Services
, Payroll Processing
, Liability Insurance


 BRANDS


American Family
, Prudential
, Nationwide
, Allstate
, Blue Cross
, Mutual Of Omaha
, Humana
, Aetna
, State Farm
, Western Union


 SPECIALTIES


Fire Damage
, Warehouses
, Personal Injury & Property Damage
, Recreational Vehicles
, Avocations
, Hospital Confinement Indemnity
, Residential
, Criminal
, Auto Accidents
, Accounts Receivable



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (502) 635-7066
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Douglas
Main Contact Last Name: Gordon
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 6
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Workers' Compensation Insurance
Insurance
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


Acceptance Insurance Co


6708 Shepherdsville Rd  Louisville, Kentucky 40228




BENEFIT COMMUNICATORS INC


3429 Stony Spring Cir  Louisville, Kentucky 40220




Emery David Insurance & Investments


3010 Taylor Springs Dr 200 Ste Louisville, Kentucky 40220




Tom Lease


4100 Taylorsville Rd  Louisville, Kentucky 40220




SCHOTT & SPEIDEN INSURANCE


10602 Timberwood Cir  Louisville, Kentucky 40223




BALLOU CHUCK & ASSOCIATES


311 Wendover Ave  Louisville, Kentucky 40207





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Douglas  Gordon
Agent

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM


































Gordon Douglas | American director | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010
Nelson Mandela
Korean War
American civil rights movement
Vietnam War











Gordon DouglasAmerican director



Written By:
Michael Barson


See Article History








Gordon Douglas
American director

bornDecember 15, 1907New York City, New YorkdiedNovember 29, 1993 (aged 85)Los Angeles, Californianotable works“The Detective”“Tony Rome”“Robin and the Seven Hoods”“Lady in Cement”“Young at Heart”“Them!”“They Call Me Mister Tibbs!”“I Was a Communist for the FBI”“Follow That Dream”“Stagecoach”


View Biographies Related To
Categories

directing (movie and theater)

Dates

December 15
November 29









Related Biographies


Martin Scorsese


Billy Wilder


Howard Hawks


Sir Alfred Hitchcock


Orson Welles


Clint Eastwood


Steven Spielberg


Woody Allen


Stanley Kubrick


John Huston




Gordon Douglas ,  (born December 15, 1907, New York City, New York, U.S.—died September 29, 1993, Los Angeles, California), American filmmaker who was noted for his versatility; he directed popular Our Gang shorts before launching a feature-film career that included musicals, westerns, film noirs, and crime dramas.Early workDouglas acted onstage as a child. He made his way to Hollywood just as sound pictures were taking hold and ended up at Hal Roach’s studio. In 1930 he appeared in the first of numerous comedy shorts, often uncredited. Five years later he turned to directing, and he soon gained attention for his work on the popular Our Gang (also known as Little Rascals) series, which centred on the antics of a group of children that included Spanky, Alfalfa, and Buckwheat. Douglas helmed more than 30 Our Gang shorts, including the Academy Award-winning Bored of Education (1936). He also codirected the Our Gang feature General Spanky (1936), which was set during the American Civil War. Douglas’s first solo feature was Zenobia (1939), a comedy starring Oliver Hardy. He next directed Saps at Sea (1940), one of Laurel and Hardy’s best late vehicles. In 1941 Douglas took a break from directing to cowrite Topper Returns.In 1942 Douglas left Roach for RKO, where he was put to work on a series of films inspired by a popular radio show about a colourful character named Throckmorton P. Gildersleeve. Douglas’s other RKO credits included the mysteries A Night of Adventure (1944) and The Falcon in Hollywood (1944), the horror movie Zombies on Broadway (1945), and First Yank into Tokyo (1945), a World War II drama about a U.S. pilot (played by Tom Neal) who infiltrates a Japanese POW camp. In the melodrama San Quentin (1946), Lawrence Tierney played an ex-convict who is tasked with finding a violent prison escapee. In 1948 Douglas turned to musicals with If You Knew Susie, which starred Eddie Cantor in his last credited appearance on the big screen.After moving to Columbia in 1948, Douglas continued to show his versatility. He directed the film noir Walk a Crooked Mile (1948), with Dennis O’Keefe; the swashbucklers The Black Arrow (1948) and Fortunes of Captain Blood (1950), both of which starred Louis Hayward; and the western The Nevadan (1950), with Randolph Scott. Douglas’s other films from 1950 included a violent adaptation of Horace McCoy’s hard-boiled novel Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye, with James Cagney as a psychopathic gangster who escapes from prison, and The Great Missouri Raid, another telling of the James and Younger brothers’ criminal exploits.Warner Brothers







				Britannica Stories





Demystified / Music
									Does Listening to Mozart Make Kids Smarter?










Spotlight / Arts & Culture
									Normality Is a Paved Road: The Tumultuous Life of Vincent van Gogh










Spotlight / History
									That’s a Wrap: Methods of Mummification










Demystified / Science
									Do Lie Detectors Actually Work?










In the early 1950s Douglas moved to Warner Brothers, where he worked for more than a decade. His first film with the studio was the formulaic cavalry-versus-Indians picture Only the Valiant (1951), with Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton. Other films from 1951 were Come Fill the Cup—about alcoholism, featuring Cagney and a memorable performance by Gig Young—and the red-baiting drama I Was a Communist for the FBI, with Frank Lovejoy as an undercover agent who infiltrates the Communist Party. Strangely, the latter film was nominated for an Academy Award for best documentary.James Cagney (left) and Gig Young in Come Fill the Cup (1951), directed by …© 1951 Warner Brothers, Inc.Mara Maru (1952) was a treasure-hunt adventure starring the aging Errol Flynn, while the biopic The Iron Mistress (1952) recounts the exploits of Jim Bowie (Alan Ladd) before he became a hero in the Texas Revolution. In 1953 Douglas directed She’s Back on Broadway, a musical drama with Virginia Mayo and Steve Cochran, and The Charge at Feather River, a 3-D western starring Guy Madison and Vera Miles. The following year Douglas made his first foray into science fiction with Them!, a critical and commercial success. Arguably the best of the “giant atomic-mutant creature” movies of the 1950s, it became a sci-fi classic and is widely considered Douglas’s best work.Scene from Them! (1954), directed by Gordon Douglas.© 1954 Warner Brothers, Inc.
Test Your Knowledge


A-List of Actors

In 1954 Douglas returned to musicals with Young at Heart, a remake of Michael Curtiz’s Four Daughters (1938). The film starred Frank Sinatra and Doris Day and featured a number of notable songs, including “Someone to Watch over Me,” “One for My Baby (and One More for the Road),” and “Just One of Those Things.” The McConnell Story (1955) was a workmanlike biopic of the famed American pilot Joseph C. McConnell, with Ladd in the title role and June Allyson as his wife. While the latter film proved popular with moviegoers, the same could not be said of Sincerely Yours (1955), a musical starring Liberace as a wealthy pianist who loses his hearing. The movie was a box-office failure, and Douglas wisely stuck with westerns and war movies for the next few years. His credits from this period included The Big Land (1957), with Ladd; Bombers B-52 (1957), with Natalie Wood and Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.; Fort Dobbs (1958); and The Fiend Who Walked the West (1958), a loose remake of Kiss of Death (1947) that featured future producer Robert Evans in an over-the-top performance as a vicious killer. Douglas closed out the 1950s with Yellowstone Kelly (1959), a solid western starring Clint Walker, and the well-regarded action film Up Periscope (1959), in which James Garner portrayed a navy frogman during World War II. One of Douglas’s last films at Warner Brothers was The Sins of Rachel Cade (1961), a drama starring Angie Dickinson as a missionary in the strife-ridden Belgian Congo.Later films






Britannica Lists & Quizzes








Philosophy & Religion Quiz
                                Philosophy 101










History List
                                7 Strange Disasters










Pop Culture Quiz
                                The Muppets










History List
                                Of Walls and Politics: 5 Famous Border Walls





Douglas made movies for another 20 years, but his best work was behind him. Of his last two dozen pictures—which were for various studios—only a handful were of note. After directing Elvis Presley in Follow That Dream (1962), he helmed Call Me Bwana (1963), an unfunny Bob Hope comedy, brightened somewhat by the presence of Anita Ekberg and Edie Adams. The entertaining Robin and the 7 Hoods (1964) was the last film featuring the “Rat Pack”—Sammy Davis, Jr., Dean Martin, and Frank Sinatra, who sang “My Kind of Town.” After the solid western Rio Conchos (1964), Douglas directed Carroll Baker in Sylvia and the sensationalistic biopic Harlow (both 1965).Douglas’s 1966 remake of John Ford’s Stagecoach (1939), with Ann-Margret and Bing Crosby, paled in comparison to the original, and Way…Way Out (1966) was a charmless Jerry Lewis vehicle. Douglas later made three hard-boiled Sinatra films: Tony Rome (1967) and its sequel Lady in Cement (1968) and (arguably the best of the trio) The Detective (1968), which featured the notable cast of Robert Duvall, Lee Remick, Ralph Meeker, and Jack Klugman.Frank Sinatra and Jacqueline Bisset in The Detective (1968), directed by …© 1968 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; photograph from a private collection






Connect with Britannica

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest

Douglas’s credits from the 1970s included They Call Me Mister Tibbs! (1970), a sequel to In the Heat of the Night (1967), with Sidney Poitier as detective Virgil Tibbs, and Slaughter’s Big Rip-Off (1973), a blaxploitation entry featuring Jim Brown and Ed McMahon. His final movie, Viva Knievel! (1978), starred motorcycle daredevil Evel Knievel as himself. Douglas retired thereafter. Although he produced a number of notable movies, Douglas was also self-aware enough to know that much of his work was mere Hollywood product. He once remarked, “Don’t try to watch all the films I’ve directed; it would turn you off movies forever.”Michael Barson


More about Gordon Douglas

3 References found in Britannica ArticlesAssorted References“Detective, The”
		(in The Detective)
	“Robin and the Seven Hoods”
		(in Robin and the Seven Hoods: Production notes and credits)
	“Tony Rome”
		(in Tony Rome)
	


External Links



Turner Classic Movies - Biography of Gordon Douglas




Article Contributors

Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.














Introduction & Quick FactsEarly workWarner BrothersLater films



Keep Exploring Britannica




Role Call
Take this Pop Culture quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of the actors in Dracula, Top Gun, and other films.


            Take this Quiz





Pop Quiz
Take this Pop Culture quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of various aspects of pop culture.


            Take this Quiz





Profiles of Famous Writers
Take this Literature quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of Ernest Hemingway, J.R.R. Tolkien, and other writers.


            Take this Quiz





Renaissance
French “Rebirth” period in European civilization immediately following the Middle Ages and conventionally held to have been characterized by a surge of interest in Classical scholarship and values. The...


            Read this Article





Orson Welles
American motion-picture actor, director, producer, and writer. His innovative narrative techniques and use of photography, dramatic lighting, and music to further the dramatic line and to create mood...


            Read this Article





Bob Dylan
American folksinger who moved from folk to rock music in the 1960s, infusing the lyrics of rock and roll, theretofore concerned mostly with boy-girl romantic innuendo, with the intellectualism of classic...


            Read this Article





10 Filmmakers of Cult Status
What defines a cult filmmaker? This is a question that is heavily debated among film buffs, critics, and denizens of the internet. Some say that a filmmaker has to have little to no mainstream recognition...


            Read this List





Steven Spielberg
American motion-picture director and producer whose diverse films—which ranged from science-fiction fare, including such classics as Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977) and E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial...


            Read this Article





Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Austrian composer, widely recognized as one of the greatest composers in the history of Western music. With Haydn and Beethoven he brought to its height the achievement of the Viennese Classical school....


            Read this Article





Leonardo da Vinci
Italian “Leonardo from Vinci” Italian painter, draftsman, sculptor, architect, and engineer whose genius, perhaps more than that of any other figure, epitomized the Renaissance humanist ideal. His Last...


            Read this Article





Behind the Scenes: 12 Films You Didn’t Know Were Based on Short Fiction
Although short fiction allows filmmakers the ability to more accurately transpose literature to the big screen—as they (usually) aren’t fettered by the budget and time constraints involved in dealing with...


            Read this List





8 Hollywood Haunts That Are Seriously Haunted
Most people think of Hollywood as a place full of glitz and glamour--and don’t get us wrong, there’s plenty of that--but it has its share of sordid secrets, as well. It turns out some of your favorite...


            Read this List




View More













MEDIA FOR:
Gordon Douglas


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Gordon Douglas
American director


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit




Table of Contents











Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join











                    Contents
                

Contents




Gordon Douglas
American director









                            View All Media
                            
	                            (3 Images)
                            






Media



Print


Print
	   Please select which sections you would like to print:
	   







Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×



























Gordon Douglas (director)




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Gordon Douglas (director)  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel











