










 






Gores Sponsor LLC - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading Screener - OpenInsider











OpenInsider

Latest

Latest Cluster Buys
Latest Insider Trading (all filings)
Latest Insider Purchases
Latest Insider Purchases $25k+
Latest Officer Purchases $25k+
Latest CEO/CFO Purchases $25k+
Latest Insider Sales
Latest Insider Sales $100k+
Latest Officer Sales $100k+
Latest CEO/CFO Sales $100k+


Top

Top Officer Purchases Today
Top Officer Purchases Past Week
Top Officer Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Purchases Today
Top Insider Purchases Past Week
Top Insider Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Sales Today
Top Insider Sales Past Week
Top Insider Sales Past Month


By Symbol

Officer Purchases $25k+ Today
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Week
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month (no opt-ex)
Insider Purchases of Penny Stocks, Past Month
Insider Sales of Penny Stocks, Past Month


Charts

Contact











Gores Sponsor LLC - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading ScreenerCIK: 1649197 - Address: 9800 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills, CA 90212 




General

Tickers
Insider
Sh Price $



Lqdty M$






Date

Filing Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  



Trade Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  


Filing Delay



N Days Ago








Transaction Filing

 P - Purchase S - Sale A - Grant D - Sale to Iss G - Gift F - Tax M - Option Ex X - Option Ex C - Cnv Deriv W - Inherited

 No deriv


 Multiple Days

Traded K$



Own Chg %








Industry




All Sectors (except Funds)
Agriculture, Forestry, Fish
Mining
Construction
Manufacturing
Transportation & Utilities
Wholesale Trade
Retail Trade
Financial
Services
Closed-End Funds


























Insider Title

  Officer
    COB
    CEO
    Pres
    COO
    CFO
    GC
    VP
  Director
  10% Own
  Other






Group by


Filing
Company





Company Totals

Num Filings



Num Insiders



Num Officers



Traded K$



Own Chg %







Sort by

Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker Symbol
Trade Value


Max Results
Page


clear


Real-time CSV, Options, Alerts








3 results -  -  -  -  -  -  - TCcnt1d1w1m6mS3-1-1+2+0 


X
Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker
Insider NameInsider Title
Trade Type 
Share Price
Shares Traded
Shares Owned
Own chg
Value Traded
1d ret
1w ret
1m ret
6m ret



2017-04-19 17:16:422017-04-19 TWNKGores Sponsor LLC10%S - Sale$15.25-1,000,00017,633,929-5%-$15,250,000-1+1
M2017-01-11 16:05:392017-01-09 TWNKGores Sponsor LLC10%S - Sale$13.47-475,80310,183,929-4%-$6,410,757-4-2+2
M2017-01-10 16:06:142016-12-14 TWNKGores Sponsor LLC10%S - Sale$12.98-3,165,00010,659,732-23%-$41,092,352+2-2+2
Real-time CSV? Options? Alerts? Contact us!



AAmended filing
DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
EError detected in filing
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price


S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another personS - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the companyP - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person 

Return to top
Copyright © 2017 openinsider.com. All rights reserved.














Gores Sponsor LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Gores Sponsor LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Gores Sponsor LLC. Find out Gores Sponsor LLC address and contact details. View other people related to Gores Sponsor LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O GORES HOLDINGS, INC. 9800 WILSHIRE BLVD. BEVERLY HILLS 90212 CA




Companies related to Gores Sponsor LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001644406Hostess Brands, Inc.10% Owner 1 EAST ARMOUR BOULEVARD  KANSAS CITY 64111




Gores Sponsor LLC on the Web
Persons related to Gores Sponsor LLC - Hostess Brands, Inc.NamePositionCityAEG Holdings, LLCBEVERLY HILLSAIF VII Management, LLCNEW YORKAP Hostess Holdings GP, LLCNEW YORKAP Hostess Holdings LPNEW YORKApollo Management GP, LLCPURCHASEApollo Management Holdings GP, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Management, L.P.PURCHASEApollo Management VII, L.P.NEW YORKLARRY E  BODNERDirector SAN FRANCISCORandy  BortBEVERLY HILLSCDM Hostess Class C, LLC GREENWICHMichael John  CramerSee Remarks KANSAS CITYNEIL P  DEFEODirector Alec E  GoresDirector LOS ANGELESTom  GoresBEVERLY HILLSHostess CDM Co-Invest, LLCGREENWICHAndrew Wilson  JacobsSee Remarks KANSAS CITYANDREW  JHAWARPHOENIXJerry D  KaminskiDirector KANSAS CITYAndrew  McBrideBEVERLY HILLSC. Dean  MetropoulosExecutive Chairman GREENWICHWILLIAM B  PATTON JREL SEGUNDOThomas Alan  PetersonSee Remarks KANSAS CITYPLATINUM EQUITY LLCBEVERLY HILLSBurke Elliott  RaineSee Remarks KANSAS CITYJeffrey Gene  ReaDirector BERWYNJolyn Jenssen  SebreeSee Remarks KANSAS CITYCraig D.  SteeneckDirector PARSIPPANYMark  StoneDirector NEW YORKWilliam Douglas  TolerSee Remarks KANSAS CITYKyle  WheelerBEVERLY HILLSStuart Anthony  WilcoxSee Remarks KANSAS CITY












 









Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Hostess Brands Company Profile (NASDAQ:TWNK)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)
 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:TWNK
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.gores.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $1.51 billionOutstanding Shares: 99,285,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $16.05200 Day Moving Avg: $15.6952 Week Range: $10.21 - $17.18


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 20.53P/E Growth: 2.11Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $751.91 millionPrice / Sales: 2.01Book Value: $9.26 per sharePrice / Book: 1.64


Profitability:EBIDTA: $210.73 millionReturn on Equity: 7.89%Return on Assets: 3.04%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.79%Current Ratio: 1.74%Quick Ratio: 1.43%Misc:Average Volume: 1.39 million shs.Beta: 1.05Short Ratio: 8.67

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)
What is Hostess Brands' stock symbol?

Hostess Brands trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "TWNK."



How were Hostess Brands' earnings last quarter?

Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK) issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.01. The firm earned $184.54 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $181.79 million. Hostess Brands's revenue for the quarter was up 15.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.08 EPS.  View Hostess Brands' Earnings History.



When will Hostess Brands make its next earnings announcement?

Hostess Brands is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 8th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Hostess Brands.



Where is Hostess Brands' stock going? Where will Hostess Brands' stock price be in 2017?

4 brokerages have issued 1 year target prices for Hostess Brands' stock. Their predictions range from $15.00 to $20.00. On average, they anticipate Hostess Brands' share price to reach $18.50 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Hostess Brands.



Are investors shorting Hostess Brands?

Hostess Brands saw a increase in short interest during the month of June. As of June 30th, there was short interest totalling 14,558,281 shares,  an increase of 39.8% from the June 15th total of 10,410,489 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 2,286,101 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 6.4 days. Currently, 17.6% of the company's stock are short sold. 



Who are some of Hostess Brands' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Hostess Brands include 51job (JOBS), Sanderson Farms (SAFM), Energizer Holdings (ENR), Meredith Corporation (MDP), Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI), Darling Ingredients (DAR), Helen of Troy Limited (HELE), Vector Group (VGR), Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP), Nomad Foods Limited (NOMD), Britvic PLC Sponsored ADR (BTVCY), J & J Snack Foods Corp. (JJSF), B&G Foods (BGS), Hillenbrand (HI), Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE), Cott Corporation (COT), Embotelladora Andina S.A. (AKO.B) and United Natural Foods (UNFI).



Who owns Hostess Brands stock?

Hostess Brands' stock is owned by many different of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. (3.56%), Emerald Advisers Inc. PA (1.60%), Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust (1.24%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.69%), Fenimore Asset Management Inc. (0.49%) and Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS (0.42%). Company insiders that own Hostess Brands stock include C Dean Metropoulos, Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc, Gores Sponsor Llc, Mark Stone, Neil P Defeo and William Douglas Toler. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Hostess Brands.



Who bought Hostess Brands stock? Who is buying Hostess Brands stock?

Hostess Brands' stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Emerald Advisers Inc. PA, Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust, Fenimore Asset Management Inc., Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS, Majedie Asset Management Ltd, Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., Russell Investments Group Ltd. and Strs Ohio. Company insiders that have bought Hostess Brands stock in the last two years include Neil P Defeo and William Douglas Toler. View Insider Buying and Selling for Hostess Brands.



How do I buy Hostess Brands stock? 

Shares of Hostess Brands can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Hostess Brands' stock price today?

One share of Hostess Brands stock can currently be purchased for approximately $15.19.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ TWNK)Community Ranking:  2.2 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  38 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  47 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  85MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Hostess Brands and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Buy Ratings, 1 Strong Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 3.25)Consensus Price Target: $18.50 (21.79% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/16/2017StephensInitiated CoverageOverweight$20.00Medium5/10/2017Deutsche Bank AGSet Price TargetBuy$19.00Low2/14/2017CL KingInitiated CoverageStrong-Buy$20.00N/A11/7/2016SunTrust Banks, Inc.Initiated CoverageBuy$15.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)Earnings History by Quarter for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ TWNK)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/8/2017$0.19N/A5/9/2017Q1 2017$0.16$0.15$181.79 million$184.54 millionViewListen(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $0.642018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $0.73QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171$0.15$0.15$0.15Q2 20171$0.17$0.17$0.17Q3 20171$0.17$0.17$0.17Q4 20171$0.15$0.15$0.15Q1 20181$0.17$0.17$0.17Q2 20181$0.19$0.19$0.19Q3 20181$0.19$0.19$0.19Q4 20181$0.18$0.18$0.18(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)Insider Ownership Percentage: 25.50%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 86.71%Insider Trades by Quarter for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/14/2017Cdm Hostess Class C, LlcInsiderSell330,000$16.44$5,425,200.00  6/8/2017Cdm Hostess Class C, LlcInsiderSell376,211$16.70$6,282,723.70  5/31/2017William Douglas TolerInsiderBuy50,000$15.85$792,500.00  4/19/2017Cdm Hostess Class C, LlcInsiderSell600,000$15.25$9,150,000.00  4/19/2017Gores Sponsor LlcMajor ShareholderSell1,000,000$15.25$15,250,000.00  1/10/2017Gores Sponsor LlcMajor ShareholderSell475,803$13.47$6,409,066.41  1/6/2017Gores Sponsor LlcMajor ShareholderSell3,165,000$12.98$41,081,700.00  12/14/2016C. Dean MetropoulosInsiderSell661,700$12.89$8,529,313.00  12/7/2016Mark StoneDirectorSell54,465$12.55$683,535.75  12/2/2016Neil P DefeoDirectorBuy5,000$12.60$63,000.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)


Latest Headlines for Hostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : TWNK-US : July 20, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 9:04 AMHostess Brands, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 9:24 AMHostess Brands (TWNK) Short Interest Updatewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 7:24 AMHOSTESS BRANDS (NASDAQ:TWNK) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $205.41 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 8:30 AMHostess Brands (NASDAQ:TWNK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 8:20 PMHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : TWNK-US : July 6, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 2:52 PMHostess Brands (TWNK) Receives Consensus Rating of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 1:08 PMQ3 2017 Earnings Forecast for HOSTESS BRANDS Issued By SunTrust Banks (TWNK)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 8:05 AMHostess Brands promotes Andrew Jacobs as Chief Commercial Officerseekingalpha.com - June 18 at 9:51 AMHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : TWNK-US : June 16, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 17 at 6:53 AMHostess Brands Names Andrew Jacobs Chief Commercial Officerfinance.yahoo.com - June 17 at 6:53 AMHostess Brands (TWNK) Insider Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc Sells 330,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 15 at 10:19 AM$207.21 Million in Sales Expected for Hostess Brands (TWNK) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 15 at 9:44 AMHostess Brands (TWNK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 13 at 8:10 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Upgraded by BidAskClub to "Buy"www.americanbankingnews.com - June 10 at 12:02 AMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Insider Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc Sells 376,211 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 9 at 10:08 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Given Average Recommendation of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 9 at 2:52 PMResearch Analysts Issue Forecasts for Hostess Brands, Inc.'s FY2017 Earnings (TWNK)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 8 at 7:50 AMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Insider William Douglas Toler Acquires 50,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 7:51 PMHostess Brands, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:TWNK) : June 2, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 3:42 PMHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : TWNK-US : June 1, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 2:39 AM Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Strong Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 8:16 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Upgraded to "Hold" by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 12:59 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Short Interest Updatewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 7:10 AMHostess Brands, Inc. to Present at the 2017 RBC Capital Markets Consumer & Retail Conferencefinance.yahoo.com - May 19 at 1:25 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 8:58 AMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 8:28 AMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Now Covered by Stephenswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 16 at 7:34 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Short Interest Down 6.2% in Aprilwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 16 at 8:56 AMQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Decreased by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 15 at 7:04 AMBrokers Set Expectations for Hostess Brands, Inc.'s FY2017 Earnings (TWNK)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 11:46 AMDeutsche Bank AG Reiterates "$19.00" Price Target for Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 11 at 2:56 PMZacks: Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Given $19.67 Average Target Price by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 11 at 9:22 AMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 10 at 5:18 PMHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : TWNK-US : May 10, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 10:09 AMInvestor Network: Hostess Brands, Inc. to Host Earnings Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 7:51 PMHostess Brands, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 7:51 PM Brokerages Expect Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $177.79 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 28 at 5:33 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 28 at 12:18 AMZacks: Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Receives Average Recommendation of "Strong Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 26 at 3:44 PMZacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Will Post Earnings of $0.16 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - April 26 at 11:46 AMHostess Brands, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 9, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 25 at 9:05 AMHostess Brands, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering by Selling Stockholdersfinance.yahoo.com - April 19 at 10:52 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,250,000.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 19 at 7:53 PMHostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Insider Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc Sells 600,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 19 at 7:53 PMHostess: Hurdle Cleared, Expect New Highsseekingalpha.com - April 17 at 8:28 AMZacks Investment Research Upgrades Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) to "Hold"www.americanbankingnews.com - April 14 at 7:58 AMHostess Brands, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:TWNK) : April 12, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 13 at 12:54 AMHostess Brands, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : TWNK-US : April 11, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 11 at 9:04 AM Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Strong Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 11 at 12:43 AM


Social





Chart
Hostess Brands (TWNK) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff

















































The Gores Group


































LP Login


Search



Contact







Company


Overview
Investment Strategy
Our History



Case Studies

Portfolio



Divisions


Origination
Mergers & Acquisitions
Operations Team



Leadership
News




 

Previous
Next


AMI Entertainment


Gores acquires AMI Entertainment, digital jukebox and video systems creator that delivers music, video and advertising content to 30,000+ locationsin North America and Europe.
Learn More





Alpheus Sold


The Gores Group announces completion of definitive agreements to sell Alpheus Communicationsto LOGIX Communications.
Learn More





Fotona Sold


Gores announces it has entered into a definitiveagreement to sell Fotona to AGIC Capital.
Learn More





TurbineAero


Gores completes acquisition of TurbineAero,world’s leading independent aerospace auxiliary power unit maintenance, repair, and overhaulservice provider, from Triumph Group.
Learn More





Caption Colorado


VITAC, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap,has acquired Caption Colorado, creating the clear market leader in the captioning services industry.
Learn More





Hostess


Gores Holdings, Inc. Completes Acquisitionof Hostess Brands, LLC, Maker of Twinkies®.
Learn More





Hay Sold


Gores completes the sale of Hay Group,largest producer of high precision forged andmachined steel auto parts, to Musashi Seimitsu.
Learn More





Data Blue


Gores Small Cap Partners invests in Data Blue,a customized storage, backup, and servervirtualization and consolidation solutions provider.
Learn More





Etrali Sold


Sold: Etrali Trading Solutions to IPC Systems, a globalfinancial communications firm. In 2013, Goresacquired Etrali from Orange S.A. (formerly France Telecom) through its Gores Small Cap fund.
Learn More





VITAC


Gores acquires VITAC, a leading provider of high quality closed captioning and subtitling solutions.
Learn More





US Farathane – Boston Plastics


US Farathane Expands into Asia with acquisitionof Boston Plastics, a Shanghai headquartered manufacturer of plastic injected moldedcomponents and assemblies.
Learn More





Unify Sold


The Gores Group Completes Sale of UnifyGores and Siemens have completed the saleof Unify, the number three world leader ofintegrated communication solutions, to Atos SE
Learn More





US Farathane – Tepso


US Farathane acquires Tepso Plastics, a leading manufacturer of engineered plastic injectionmolded components for the automotive sector.
Learn More





Stock BMC Merger


Stock Building Supply (Nasdaq:STCK) completes merger with BMC to create the second largestlumber & building materials distributor in the US.
Learn More





Therakos Sold to Mallinckrodt


The Gores Group Completes Sale of Therakos
Leading Immunotherapy Company Achieved Significant Growth Following Carve-out fromFormer Division of Johnson & Johnson

Learn More





Stock Merger


Stock Building Supply (Nasdaq:STCK) announces merger with Building Materials Holding Corporation, creating a premier provider of lumber, diversified building products, and construction services.
Learn More





Tiburon


Sold: Tiburon to TriTech Software Systems, a leading public safety software provider based in San Diego.
Learn More





Glotel – Arete


Glotel, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap, acquires Arete, a leading wireless contractor specializing in the construction, modification and maintenance of telecommunications facilities.
Learn More





RGB Networks


Imagine Communications, a Gores portfolio company, acquires RGB, a leading provider of multiscreen IP video delivery and monetization solutions.
Learn More





US Farathane


Gores invests in US Farathane, a leading solutions partner to auto OEM’s providing highly engineered plastic injection-molded components.
Learn More





Origin Healthcare Solutions


Meridian Medical Management, a portfolio company of Gores Small Cap, acquires Origin Healthcare Solutions, a premier provider of revenue cycle management for healthcare providers.
Learn More





OpenTV


Imagine Communications, a Gores portfoliocompany, acquires OpenTV’s AdvancedAdvertising Business Unit.

Learn More





Hay Greenfield


Hay completes new greenfield site in China, expanding into the largest automotivemarket worldwide.
Learn More





Scovill Fasteners


Gores sells Scovill Fasteners, leading manufacturerof apparel and specialty fasteners,to Morito Co. (TSE: 9837).
Learn More





Sage


Gores sells Sage Automotive Interiors, leading fabric supplier for auto, to Clearlake Capital.
Learn More





Hay Group


The Hay Group expands its footprint with the acquisition of Metaco Union and Forjanor,bolstering its position as a leading automotivesupplier of forged and machined parts.
Learn More





Hovis


Gores and Premier Foods plc (PFD.L) have completed a joint venture transaction in relation to Hovis, Premier Foods’ bread business. As part of the transaction, Gores acquired a 51% stake in Hovis.
Learn More





Tweddle Group


Gores invests in the Tweddle Group, partnering with Andy Tweddle, the CEO and owner, and the management team. Tweddle is a leading provider of comprehensive technology and publishing related services to automotive OEMs and their suppliers.
Learn More





Norment Security Group


Sold: Norment Security Group to Cornerstone Detention Products, a full service detention equipment contractor based in Alabama.
Learn More





Imagine GatesAir


Harris Broadcast is now two separate market leaders in the broadcast communications space:Imagine Communications and GatesAir
Learn More





Fotona


Gores Small Cap and Technology4Medicine, LLC acquire Fotona d.d., a Ljubljana, Slovenia-based manufacturer of high performance lasers used by medical and dental professionals worldwide.
Learn More





Melle


Gores Small Cap acquires Melle Dachbaustoffe and SIG Deutsche Dachbaustoffe (together, “Melle”), a carve-out from SIG plc, a U.K. based global building materials distributor.
Learn More





Zmags Corporation


In January 2014, Gores acquired Zmags Corporationthrough its Gores Small Capitalization Partnersinvestment fund. Zmags is a leadingglobal provider of digital publishing andeCommerce SaaS solutions.
Learn More





Stock Building Supply M&A Award Winner


Gores wins M&A Deal of the Year award for the acquisition of Stock Building Supply.
Learn More





Imagine Communications


Harris Broadcast signs definitive agreement to acquire Imagine Communications, a leading innovator in digital video solutions.
Learn More





Enterasys


Sold: Enterasys, a subsidiary of Unify (formerly Siemens Enterprise Communications), to Extreme Networks (Nasdaq: EXTR).
Learn More





Alliance Entertainment


Sold: Alliance Entertainment, the largest wholesale distributor of CD, DVD and Blu-Ray titles in the U.S., to Super D, a global music wholesaler.
Learn More





Stock Building Supply IPO


Stock Building Supply (STCK) rings the opening bell on NASDAQ following its IPO in August 2013.
Learn More





Millennium1 Solutions


In May 2013, Gores carved-out three separate business outsourcing units from D+H and formed Millennium1 Solutions as a standalone entity.
Learn More





Etrali Trading Solutions


In May 2013, Gores acquired Etrali Trading Solutions, a leading provider of voice and electronic trading infrastructure and services for the financial trading communities.
Learn More





Meridian Medical Management


In March 2013, Gores acquired Meridian Medical Management, a carve-out from GE Healthcare.
Learn More





Harris Broadcasting


In February 2013, Gores acquired Harris Broadcast Communications, a global supplier of hardware and software used to create, manage, transmit, distribute and monetize video content.
Learn More





Therakos


In December 2012, Gores acquired Therakos, a global leader in advanced technologies for extracorporeal photopheresis.
Learn More





United Road


Despite a challenging environment that saw new car volumes decrease by over 40%, United Road significantly outperformed its peers and grew EBITDA by 25%. In December 2012, Gores successfully sold United Road.
Learn More





Elo Touch Solutions


In June 2012, Gores acquired ELO Touch Solutions, a global supplier of touch screens, touch monitors, and all-in-one touch computers.
Learn More





The Hay Group


In February 2012, Gores acquired The Hay Group, a leading European manufacturer of forged and machined components to the international automotive and commercial vehicle space.
Learn More









About Us




Gores Overview
 The Gores Group is a Los Angeles based, global private equity firm specializing in acquiring and partnering with mature and growing businesses. Over the last 30 years, the firm has consistently created value in situations characterized by complexity and operational challenges.



Origination Opportunities




Seeking Add-on Acquisitions
 We are actively seeking strategic add-on opportunities that complement our existing investments. Click here to view a list of current target companies.








Creating Value







Case Studies
See how we create value, the Gores way.
Learn More






Portfolio







Our Family of Businesses
The select group of Gores portfolio companies.
Learn More






Our Team







Meet the Team
Our experienced and deep bench of talent.
Learn More






Specialties







Business Divisions
Our unique approach to solving unique challenges.
Learn More








 
 






Contact The Gores Group

Los Angeles
T. 310.209.3010F. 310.209.3310
9800 Wilshire Blvd
Beverly Hills, California 90212
USA
Directions From LAX Airport
Directions From Burbank Airport


Boulder
T. 303.531.3100F. 303.531.3200
6260 Lookout Road
Boulder, Colorado 80301
USA
Directions From Denver Int. Airport


London
T. 44(0) 870.060.1190F. 44(0) 870.060.1191
Nova South
9th Floor
160 Victoria Street
London, SW1E 5LB
United Kingdom

Directions From Heathrow Int. Airport

More Information



Legal | Site Map









                	The Gores Group, LLC. All rights reserved 2017.
                








Gores Sponsor Llc - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Gores Sponsor Llc







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorGores Sponsor Llc
Current Positions1


Gores Sponsor Llc has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Gores Sponsor Llc's top industries are
            
                "Food And Kindred Products" (sic 20)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Gores Sponsor Llc holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2017‑04‑19
SC 13D/A
TWNK / Hostess Brands, Inc. Class A

*
19,159,732
17,633,929
-7.96















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Hostess Brands sells to Gores Group-sponsored SPAC - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Hostess Brands sells to Gores Group-sponsored SPAC


July 5, 2016
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Hostess Brands sells to Gores Group-sponsored SPAC
Hostess Brands LLC said July 5 that it has entered into agreement with Gores Holdings Inc, a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by The Gores Group LLC, to go public. Hostess will have an anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $2.3 billion. Apollo Global Management LLC, along with C. Dean Metropoulos and family, will own 42 percent of Gores Holding once the deal closes. Hostess Brands makes Hostess Twinkies, Ding Dongs® and CupCakes. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Hostess Brands LLC said July 5 that it has entered into agreement with Gores Holdings Inc, a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by The Gores Group LLC, to go public. Hostess will have an anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $2.3 billion. Apollo Global Management LLC, along with C. Dean Metropoulos and family, will own 42 percent of Gores Holding once the deal closes. Hostess Brands makes Hostess Twinkies, Ding Dongs® and CupCakes. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc acted as lead capital markets advisor, along with Moelis & Company and Morgan Stanley, and financial advisor and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Gores Holdings. Rothschild & Co, Credit Suisse and Perella Weinberg Partners acted as M&A advisors to Hostess. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius acted as legal advisor to Apollo. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison acted as legal advisor and UBS acted as financial advisor to C. Dean Metropoulos and his family.
PRESS RELEASE
July 05, 2016 06:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time
LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Hostess Brands, LLC (“Hostess” or the “Company”), the maker of Hostess® Twinkies®, Ding Dongs® and CupCakes, announced it has entered into a definitive agreement with Gores Holdings, Inc. (“Gores Holdings”) (NASDAQ CM: GRSHU, GRSH, GRSHW), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of The Gores Group, LLC (“The Gores Group” or “Gores”). This transaction will introduce Hostess as a publicly listed company, with an anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $2.3 billion or 10.4x the Company’s estimated 2016 Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $220 million.
Along with the $375 million of cash held in Gores Holdings’ trust account, additional investors have committed to participate via $350 million private placement, led by Alec Gores, Chairman and CEO of The Gores Group, and comprising large institutional investors, C. Dean Metropoulos (via $50 million of additional rollover contribution), and Gores affiliates.
Funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “Apollo”) (NYSE: APO) and C. Dean Metropoulos and family, the current majority owners of Hostess, expect to hold an approximately 42% combined stake in Gores Holdings upon completion of the transaction. Dean Metropoulos and William Toler will continue to lead the Company as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively. This transaction better enables Hostess to continue executing on its long-term growth plan by providing greater access to capital to fund future innovation and acquisitions.
“I have enjoyed working together with Apollo to build a vibrant and exciting company, and we are pleased to partner with the Gores Holdings team as we move to the next stage of Hostess’ growth and expansion,” stated Dean Metropoulos. “We look forward to continuing both our strong organic growth through unique innovations and niche, strategic acquisitions, such as our recent acquisition of Superior Baking, which will extend Hostess’ consumer reach in the ‘in-store bakery’ market and expand offerings to customers.”
“This new phase in Hostess’ evolution and partnership with The Gores Group and our broader investor partners will continue to propel Hostess into a growing and innovative company with significant reach and potential long into the future,” he added. “We are very excited to continue to build this wonderful company and its iconic brands.”
Alec Gores, Chairman and CEO of The Gores Group, said, “We are pleased to partner with Dean, Bill and Apollo to introduce Hostess as a publicly listed company. We have evaluated a number of potential acquisitions for Gores Holdings and believe this transaction offers a superior option for our stockholders. Hostess presents a unique opportunity to invest in an iconic brand with strong fundamentals that is poised for continued growth. We look forward to working with the team at Hostess as we collaborate to further capitalize on these attractive growth prospects.”
Andy Jhawar, Senior Partner and Head of the Consumer and Retail Group at Apollo, said, “We are extremely proud of all that we have accomplished together since we acquired these assets out of liquidation in 2013 and rebuilt the company into the great platform business it is today. Hostess possesses exciting continued organic top-line growth potential and is one of the highest EBITDA margin and cash generative food platforms in the U.S. We look forward to continuing our partnership with Dean and Bill, along with the team at Gores, to further grow and build Hostess.”
Hostess was founded in 1919 with the introduction of the Hostess CupCake to the American public. In 1930, Twinkies were introduced, which was an event many say changed the snack cake world. Today, Hostess Brands produces a variety of new and classic treats including Ding Dongs®, Ho Hos®, Donettes® and Fruit Pies, in addition to Twinkies and CupCakes. Hostess had revenues for the twelve months ended May 31, 2016 of approximately $650 million and operates three baking facilities located in Emporia, KS, Indianapolis, IN and Columbus, GA. The Company has a competitively advantaged business model and Direct-to-Warehouse distribution system, and an experienced management team with a successful track record in both relaunching and growing businesses.
Key Transaction Terms
The transaction will be effected pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement entered into by and among Gores Holdings, the sellers and the other parties thereto. Concurrently with the consummation of the transaction, additional investors will purchase shares of common stock of Gores Holdings in a private placement. After giving effect to any redemptions by the public stockholders of Gores Holdings, the balance of the approximately $375 million in cash held in Gores Holdings’ trust account, together with the $350 million in private placement proceeds (which include $50 million of additional rollover consideration from C. Dean Metropoulos), will be used to pay the sellers cash consideration, pay transaction expenses and repay a portion of the Company’s existing indebtedness to 4.5x 2016 Adjusted EBITDA. The remainder of the consideration payable to the sellers will consist of shares of Gores Holdings common stock.
In order to facilitate the transaction, Gores Holdings’ sponsor has agreed to the cancellation of a portion of the 9,375,000 founder shares and the acquisition of shares of common stock of Gores Holdings by the sellers under the Master Transaction Agreement and in the private placement at a discount. In addition, the shares of Gores Holdings common stock received by the sellers in the transaction (other than certain rollover shares held by C. Dean Metropoulos) will be restricted from trading for at least 180 days following the completion of the transaction.
As part of the transaction, Gores Holdings will also enter into a tax receivable agreement with the sellers, which will provide for the sharing of tax benefits relating to pre-transaction combination tax attributes and tax attributes generated by the transaction as those attributes are realized by Gores Holdings.
The transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both Gores Holdings and Hostess, and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2016, subject to the receipt of regulatory approval, and approval of the stockholders of Gores Holdings. Upon closing of the transaction, the name of the Company will be changed to Hostess Brands, Inc.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. acted as lead capital markets advisor, along with Moelis & Company and Morgan Stanley, and financial advisor and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Gores Holdings. Rothschild & Co., Credit Suisse and Perella Weinberg Partners acted as M&A advisors to Hostess. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius acted as legal advisor to Apollo. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison acted as legal advisor and UBS acted as financial advisor to C. Dean Metropoulos and his family.
Conference Call Information
At 1:00 pm EDT on July 5, 2016, Gores Holdings will be holding an investor conference call to discuss the transaction. For those who wish to participate, the domestic toll-free access number is (855) 729-4767 and the international toll-free access number is (615) 489-8573. Once connected with the operator, please provide the Conference ID number of 42925543 and request access to the Gores Holdings and Hostess Brands Investor Call.
A replay of the call will also be available from 5:00 pm EDT on July 5, 2016 to 11:59 pm EDT on July 12, 2016. To access the replay, the domestic toll-free access number is (866) 247-4222 and participants should provide the Conference ID number of 42925543 and request access to the Gores Holdings and Hostess Brands Investor Call.
About Hostess Brands, LLC
Hostess Brands, LLC is one of the largest packaged food companies focused on developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing fresh baked sweet goods in the United States. For more information about Hostess products and Hostess Brands, LLC, please visit hostesscakes.com. Follow Hostess on Twitter: @Hostess_Snacks; on Facebook:facebook.com/Hostess; on Instagram: Hostess_Snacks; and on Pinterest: pinterest.com/hostesscakes.
About Gores Holdings, Inc.
Gores Holdings is a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of The Gores Group, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Gores Holdings completed its initial public offering in August 2015, raising approximately $375 million in cash proceeds. Gores Holdings’ officers and certain of its directors are affiliated with The Gores Group. Founded in 1987 by Alec Gores, The Gores Group is a global investment firm focused on acquiring controlling interests in mature and growing businesses which can benefit from the firm’s operating experience and flexible capital base. Over its 25 year history, The Gores Group has become a leading investor having demonstrated a reliable track record of creating value in its portfolio companies alongside management. Headquartered in Los Angeles, The Gores Group maintains offices in Boulder, CO, and London. For more information, please visit www.gores.com.
About Apollo
Apollo (NYSE: APO) is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, Bethesda, Toronto, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Singapore, Mumbai, Delhi, Shanghai and Hong Kong. Apollo had assets under management of approximately $173 billion as of March 31, 2016, in private equity, credit and real estate funds invested across a core group of nine industries where Apollo has considerable knowledge and resources. For more information about Apollo, please visit www.agm.com.
About Metropoulos & Co.
Metropoulos & Co. is a merchant banking and management firm focused principally on the food and consumer sectors in the United States and Europe. C. Dean Metropoulos and his management team partners have been involved in more than 81 acquisitions with over $12 billion of aggregate transaction value. Companies where Metropoulos & Co. has been an investor and Metropoulos has been an executive include: Pabst Brewing Company, Pinnacle Foods, Aurora Foods, Stella Foods, The Morningstar Group, International Home Foods, Ghirardelli Chocolates, Mumm and Perrier Jouet Champagnes and Hillsdown Holdings, PLC (Premier International Foods, Burtons Biscuits and Christie Tyler Furniture), among others.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain a number of “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include information concerning Gores Holdings’ or Hostess’ possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities and the effects of regulation, including whether this transaction will generate returns for stockholders. These forward-looking statements are based on Gores Holdings’ or Hostess’ management’s current expectations, estimates, projections and beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions concerning future events. When used in this press release, the words “estimates,” “projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,” “plans,” “intends,” “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “future,” “propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside Gores Holdings’ or Hostess’ management’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Master Transaction Agreement and the proposed business combination contemplated thereby; (2) the inability to complete the transaction contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Gores Holdings or other conditions to closing in the Master Transaction Agreement; (3) the ability to meet NASDAQ’s listing standards following the consummation of the transaction contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement; (4) the risk that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations of Hostess as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transaction described herein; (5) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (6) costs related to the proposed business combination; (7) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (8) the possibility that Hostess may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (9) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the final prospectus of Gores Holdings, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and other documents filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) by Gores Holdings.
Forward-looking statements included in this release speak only as of the date of this release. Neither Gores Holdings nor Hostess undertakes any obligation to update its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Additional risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in Gores Holdings’ reports filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Additional Information about the Business Combination and Where to Find It
Gores Holdings intends to file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement of Gores Holdings in connection with the proposed business combination and will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its stockholders. This press release does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the business combination. It is not intended to provide the basis for any investment decision or any other decision in respect to the proposed business combination. Gores Holdings’ stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement, the amendments thereto, and the definitive proxy statement in connection with Gores Holdings’ solicitation of proxies for the special meeting to be held to approve the business combination, as these materials will contain important information about Hostess and Gores Holdings and the proposed business combination. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to the stockholders of Gores Holdings as of a record date to be established for voting on the business combination. Such stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the proxy statement, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Gores Holdings, 9800 Wilshire Boulevard, Beverly Hills, CA 90212, attention: Jennifer Kwon Chou ([email protected]).
Participants in the Solicitation
Gores Holdings and its directors and officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of Gores Holdings stockholders in connection with the proposed business combination. Gores Holdings stockholders and other interested persons may obtain, without charge, more detailed information regarding the directors and officers of Gores Holdings in Gores Holdings’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 16, 2016. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to Gores Holdings stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement for the transaction when available. Additional information regarding the interests of participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement that Gores Holdings intends to file with the SEC.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Hostess Brands sells to Gores Group-sponsored SPAC
Hostess Brands LLC said July 5 that it has entered into agreement with Gores Holdings Inc, a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by The Gores Group LLC, to go public. Hostess will have an anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $2.3 billion. Apollo Global Management LLC, along with C. Dean Metropoulos and family, will own 42 percent of Gores Holding once the deal closes. Hostess Brands makes Hostess Twinkies, Ding Dongs® and CupCakes. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 































Gores Holdings Inc company : Shareholders, managers and business summary | Nasdaq:  | 4-Traders














































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Gores Holdings Inc     DOWNLOAD REPORT










     GORES HOLDINGS INC     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
USD
 
--.--%










07/26 HOSTESS BRANDS, : TWNK) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certa..


07/17 HOSTESS BRANDS, : to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on..


06/28 HOSTESS BRANDS, : TWNK) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure

 







SummaryNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions 


















 










Business Summary


Manufactures snack cakesHostess Brands, Inc. is developing stage company, which focuses on developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing fresh baked sweet goods.The company was founded on June 01, 2015 and is headquartered in Kansas City, MO.
 





Managers










 NameAgeSinceTitleWilliam D. Toler-2014President & Chief Executive OfficerDean Metropoulos, MBA--ChairmanStuart Wilcox-2015Chief Operating Officer & Senior Vice PresidentThomas Peterson-2016Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice PresidentAndrew Sandeep Jhawar, MBA45-DirectorMark R. Stone, MBA53-DirectorLarry E. Bodner54-DirectorNeil P. DeFeo70-DirectorJerry D. Kaminski, MBA--DirectorCraig D. Steeneck, CPA59-Director 



Equities


 











Vote QuantityFloatCompany-owned sharesTotal Float


Share A
1
99,992,183
91,149,036
91.2%
0
0.0%
39.6% 

Share B
1
99,285,972
0
0.0%
0
0.0%


Share C
0
31,104,988
0
0.0%
0
0.0%


 


Shareholders









 NameEquities%Wellington Management Co. LLP                12,404,218
                12.5%Platinum Equity LLC                8,287,464
                8.38%The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. (Invt Port)                7,842,858
                7.93%Fidelity Management & Research Co.                7,681,100
                7.77%Gores Sponsor LLC                5,866,071
                5.93%The Vanguard Group, Inc.                4,266,650
                4.32%Victory Capital Management, Inc.                3,871,572
                3.92%Vaughan Nelson Investment Management LP                3,564,150
                3.61%TD Asset Management, Inc.                1,990,300
                2.01%Perkins Investment Management LLC                1,358,444
                1.37% 
 







Sector
Consumer Non-CyclicalFood & Beverages Food & Tobacco  Food Processing   Bread & Bakery Product Manufacturing
 





Sector Bread & Bakery Product Manufacturing


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

GORES HOLDINGS INC1 618





YAMAZAKI BAKING CO., LTD.-1.81%4 326

FLOWERS FOODS, INC.-11.17%3 712

MAYORA INDAH TBK PT--.--%3 421

ARYZTA-32.00%2 963

TOLY BREAD CO LTD-22.71%2 260

HOSTESS BRANDS INC17.92%1 618

SPC SAMLIP CO LTD--.--%1 312

EDITA FOOD INDUSTRIES SAE--.--%766

NIPPON INDOSARI CORPINDO TBK PT--.--%473

FINSBURY FOOD GROUP PLC-3.33%198


Sector Bread & Bakery Product Manufacturing
 


Connections : Gores Holdings Inc



The Fresh Market Inc








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar





Pinnacle Foods Inc








Craig D. Steeneck





Hostess Brands Inc








William D. TolerDean MetropoulosStuart WilcoxThomas PetersonAndrew Sandeep JhawarMark R. StoneLarry E. BodnerNeil P. DeFeoJerry D. KaminskiCraig D. Steeneck





Gores Holdings II Inc








Mark R. Stone





Freshpet Inc








Craig D. Steeneck





Boulder Brands Inc








Craig D. Steeneck



Global Dairy Platform








Jerry D. Kaminski




Pinnacle Foods International Corp.








Craig D. Steeneck




Apollo Management LP








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar




Hostess Brands LLC








William D. Toler




Apollo Global Management LLC (Private Equity)








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar




GLK LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




C. Dean Metropoulos & Co.








Dean Metropoulos




Pinnacle Foods Group LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




Unify GmbH & Co. KG








Mark R. Stone




Birds Eye Foods, Inc.








Craig D. Steeneck




Cherokee International Corp.








Mark R. Stone




Birds Eye Foods LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




NE Opco, Inc.








Mark R. Stone




Linens 'n Things, Inc.








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar




BMC East LLC








Mark R. Stone




Land O'Lakes, Inc.








Jerry D. Kaminski




The Gores Group LLC








Mark R. Stone




Pinnacle Foods Finance LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




Gores Radio Holdings LLC








Mark R. Stone




Pinnacle Foods Finance Corp.








Craig D. Steeneck




Hearthside Food Solutions LLC








Larry E. Bodner




Kennedy Endeavors, Inc.








Craig D. Steeneck




Peacock Foods LLC (Chicago)








Neil P. DeFeo




Avian Holdings LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




Seasonal Employers, Inc.








Craig D. Steeneck




GLK Holdings, Inc.








Craig D. Steeneck




Ap Hostess Holdings LP








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar




Rochester Holdco LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




The Stand LLC








Andrew Sandeep Jhawar




Pinnacle Foods Fort Madison LLC








Craig D. Steeneck




Prostate Cancer Foundation








Neil P. DeFeo




Driscoll Strawberry Associates, Inc.








Neil P. DeFeo






Company contact information
Hostess Brands, Inc.PO Box 419593Kansas City, MO 64141Phone : +1.816.701.4600Web : www.hostessbrands.com
 


            © 2017 People , Fundamentals and Ownership    








 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave








GORES SPONSOR LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GORES SPONSOR LLC
                    

•   BEVERLY HILLS, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Gores Sponsor is based out of Beverly Hills.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 13D/G filings in our database for Gores Sponsor.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GORES SPONSOR LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




gores sponsor llc


9800 WILSHIRE BLVD.

BEVERLY HILLS
CA
                                                        
                                                    90212


              Business Phone:
              310 209-3010







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/05/2017
4 filed on 04/19/2017
SC 13D/A filed on 04/19/2017
4 filed on 01/11/2017
SC 13D/A filed on 01/10/2017
4 filed on 01/10/2017
SC 13D filed on 11/14/2016
4 filed on 11/08/2016
4 filed on 03/30/2016
SC 13G filed on 02/12/2016











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Gores Hldngs Unt (GRSHU)


      FINANCE
    

      22,324,732
    

      289,105,279.40
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-11-04
    



Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK)


      FINANCE
    

      17,633,929
    

      275,970,988.85
    

      2
    

      13D
    

      2017-04-12
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















  Gores Sponsor Llc. is Buying Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) Shares - Small Cap Exclusive                 Gores Sponsor Llc. is Buying Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) SharesHomeBusiness, Food and Beverage, Healthcare, NewsGores Sponsor Llc. is Buying Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) Shares Gores Sponsor Llc. is Buying Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) Shares April 19, 2017 |  0 |  Richard Schwarz | Business |  In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) reported that Gores Sponsor Llc. has picked up 17,633,929 of common stock as of 2017-04-19.The acquisition brings the aggregate amount owned by Gores Sponsor Llc. to a total of 17,633,929 representing a 16.4% stake in the company.For those not familiar with the company, Hostess is one of the largest packaged food companies focused on developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing fresh baked sweet goods in the United States. The brand’s history dates back to 1919, when the Hostess CupCake was introduced to the public, followed by Twinkies® in 1930. Today, Hostess produces a variety of new and classic treats including Ding Dongs®, Ho Hos®, Donettes® and Fruit Pies, in addition to Twinkies® and CupCakes.A glance at Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK)’s key stats reveals a current market capitalization of 1.57 Billion based on 99.21 Million shares outstanding and a price at last close of $16.25 per share.Looking at insider activity, there are a few transactions worth noting.Specifically, on 2016-12-02, Defeo picked up 5,000 at a purchase price of $12.60. This brings their total holding to 7,000 as of the date of the filing.On the sell side, the most recent transaction saw Gores unload 1,000,000 shares at a sale price of $15.25. This brings their total holding to 17,633,929.It’s possible to gauge a company’s potential by tracking the activity of its major holders, as well as checking in on insider activity such as those transactions listed above. We’ll be keeping an eye on Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) as things move forward to see if its progress aligns with these transactions.Subscribe below and we’ll keep you on top of what’s happening before it moves markets.    Tags baked packaged foods NASDAQ:TWNK packaged food SHARE :  Richard Schwarz  Richard Schwarz is a veteran analyst in the small cap space, with a particular focus on the development stage biotech sector. He is a native of Canada, and attended NYU before working for a host of big name pharma outfits.Related Post:   Guess Who Picked Up Hostess Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWNK) Shares     April 24, 2017    0    Here’s What To Look For From The Upcoming VBI Vaccines, Inc. – Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:VBIV) Phase III Study     July 24, 2017    0    ABBV AbbVie Inc Continues To Impress (NYSE:ABBV)     June 24, 2017    0    Cara Therapeutics Continues to Climb (NASDAQ:CARA)     June 24, 2017    0 Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website   Top Brokers  Review Trade Now  ReviewTrade Now  ReviewTrade NowPromotionCopyright 2016 - All Rights ReservedTOPEnter your name and email and get the weekly newsletter... it's FREE!Introduce yourself and your programYour information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.  