






Gotham Asset Management LLC Acquires 21,027 Shares of Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Standard Motor Products Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Motor Products Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine					

Akorn, Inc. (NASDAQ:AKRX) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Benefitfocus, Inc. (NASDAQ:BNFT) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Conn’s, Inc. (CONN) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by BidaskClub					

DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. (ACRS) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Western Asset Global Corp Defind Opp Fnd (NYSE:GDO) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows					

Zacks: Insperity, Inc. (NYSE:NSP) Given $91.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages					

Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Receives $94.89 Consensus Price Target from Analysts					

IRSA Inversiones Y Representaciones S.A. (IRS) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts					

Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.36 Per Share					

BidaskClub Lowers Xenia Hotels & Resorts Inc (NYSE:XHR) to Hold					

BidaskClub Lowers Veritiv Corporation (VRTV) to Strong Sell					

BidaskClub Lowers Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP) to Buy					

TotalFinaElf, S.A. (NYSE:TOT) Upgraded at ValuEngine					

BidaskClub Upgrades Suncor Energy  Inc. (SU) to “Sell”					

SJW Corporation (NYSE:SJW) Upgraded to “Hold” by BidaskClub					

Cinemark Holdings Inc (NYSE:CNK) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine					

Gold Standard Ventures Corp (NYSEMKT:GSV) Upgraded to “Hold” by ValuEngine					

BidaskClub Downgrades Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (NYSE:BCEI) to Strong Sell					





 





						Gotham Asset Management LLC Acquires 21,027 Shares of Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP)					

						 July 4th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its position in  Standard Motor Products, Inc. (NYSE:SMP) by 128.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 37,395 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 21,027 shares during the period. Gotham Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Standard Motor Products were worth $1,838,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of  Standard Motor Products during the fourth quarter worth approximately $4,902,000.  State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Standard Motor Products by 11.1% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 16,373 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $871,000 after buying an additional 1,640 shares in the last quarter.  Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of  Standard Motor Products by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 21,301 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,095,000 after buying an additional 1,247 shares in the last quarter.  State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of  Standard Motor Products by 11.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 452,693 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $24,092,000 after buying an additional 47,565 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of  Standard Motor Products by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,845,474 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $98,216,000 after buying an additional 110,375 shares in the last quarter. 77.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Shares of Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) opened at 53.15 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $1.21 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.29 and a beta of 1.83. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $50.01 and a 200-day moving average of $50.05. Standard Motor Products, Inc. has a 12 month low of $39.15 and a 12 month high of $55.37. 




Standard Motor Products (NYSE:SMP) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The auto parts company reported $0.74 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.09. Standard Motor Products had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 5.80%. The company had revenue of $282.38 million for the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.55 earnings per share. Standard Motor Products’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts forecast that  Standard Motor Products, Inc. will post $3.22 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Gotham Asset Management LLC Acquires 21,027 Shares of Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP)” was  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/04/gotham-asset-management-llc-acquires-21027-shares-of-standard-motor-products-inc-smp.html. 
SMP has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Standard Motor Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $56.00 price objective on shares of Standard Motor Products in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd.
In other Standard Motor Products news, SVP Carmine Joseph Broccole sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.49, for a total transaction of $98,980.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 47,823 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,366,760.27. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Peter J. Sills sold 5,456 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, June 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.23, for a total value of $274,054.88. Following the transaction, the director now owns 364,013 shares in the company, valued at $18,284,372.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 39,000 shares of company stock worth $1,969,855. 6.60% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Standard Motor Products
Standard Motor Products, Inc is an independent manufacturer and distributor of replacement parts for motor vehicles in the automotive aftermarket industry with a complementary focus on heavy duty, industrial equipment and the original equipment service market. The Company’s segments include Engine Management Segment and Temperature Control Segment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SMP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Standard Motor Products, Inc. (NYSE:SMP).






Receive News & Ratings for Standard Motor Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Motor Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿

























Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $4.60 Million Position in Enersys (ENS) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Enersys
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enersys with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

MGP Ingredients, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGPI) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
ASOS plc (LON:ASC) Price Target Raised to GBX 6,000 at Deutsche Bank AG
J P Morgan Chase & Co Trims Debenhams Plc (LON:DEB) Target Price to GBX 38
Investment Centers of America Inc. Has $211,000 Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA)
AQR Capital Management LLC Has $49.35 Million Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA)
Head to Head Review: Amphastar Pharmaceuticals (AMPH) & Corium International (NASDAQ:CORI)
Contrasting THL Credit (TCRD) and Alcentra Capital Corp. (ABDC)
Contrasting Ellington Financial (EFC) & BankUnited (BKU)
S&W Seed Company (NASDAQ:SANW) Major Shareholder Acquires $819,104.00 in Stock
Insider Selling: Pure Storage, Inc. (NYSE:PSTG) Director Sells 35,673 Shares of Stock
Paloma Partners Management Co Has $1.74 Million Stake in United Natural Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ:UNFI)
Nordson Corporation (NDSN) Shares Sold by Jane Street Group LLC
National Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS)
Jane Street Group LLC Invests $795,000 in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN)
Paloma Partners Management Co Has $1.81 Million Stake in Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN)
6,769 Shares in Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NYSE:DGX) Acquired by Edgestream Partners L.P.
BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 5,866 McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC)
Scopus Asset Management L.P. Sells 67,376 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing Company (TAP)
BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)
Soros Fund Management LLC Holds Stake in Molson Coors Brewing Company (NYSE:TAP)


 


Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $4.60 Million Position in Enersys (ENS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Gotham Asset Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of Enersys (NYSE:ENS) by 29.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 58,296 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 24,910 shares during the period. Gotham Asset Management LLC owned 0.13% of Enersys worth $4,602,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. First Interstate Bank increased its stake in shares of Enersys by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Interstate Bank now owns 2,375 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $187,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of Enersys during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $197,000. Engineers Gate Manager LP bought a new stake in shares of Enersys during the first quarter valued at approximately $205,000. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in shares of Enersys by 0.9% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 2,669 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Enersys during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $216,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 94.49% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Enersys (NYSE:ENS) traded down 0.57% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $71.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 251,263 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.72 and a beta of 1.65. Enersys has a 12 month low of $60.84 and a 12 month high of $84.74. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $74.13 and its 200 day moving average is $77.81. 


 Get Enersys alerts:



Enersys (NYSE:ENS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 30th. The industrial products company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $1.28. Enersys had a return on equity of 19.57% and a net margin of 6.77%. On average, analysts expect that Enersys will post $4.96 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 16th were issued a $0.175 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.98%. Enersys’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 19.23%. 
WARNING: “Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $4.60 Million Position in Enersys (ENS)” was posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/gotham-asset-management-llc-lowers-position-in-enersys-ens-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Enersys from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $83.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. BidaskClub lowered Enersys from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and set a $92.00 price objective (down previously from $95.00) on shares of Enersys in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded Enersys from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $84.33.
In other Enersys news, VP Kerry M. Kane sold 4,413 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.16, for a total value of $362,572.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 17,210 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,413,973.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Holger P. Aschke sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $81.00, for a total value of $243,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 28,928 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,343,168. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 7,676 shares of company stock valued at $627,462. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. 
About Enersys
EnerSys is a manufacturer, marketer and distributor of industrial batteries. The Company manufactures, markets and distributes related products, such as chargers, power equipment, outdoor cabinet enclosures and battery accessories, and provides related after-market and customer-support services for industrial batteries. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Enersys Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enersys and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿
























Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Dorman Products Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Dorman Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC
Celgene Corporation (CELG) Shares Sold by TCI Wealth Advisors Inc.
Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Has $178,000 Stake in BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $628,000 Position in Vectren Corporation (NYSE:VVC)
FBR & Co Initiates Coverage on Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (NASDAQ:REXR)
Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI) Shares Bought by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
United Services Automobile Association Has $56.03 Million Position in Deere & Company (DE)
Sprucegrove Investment Management Ltd. Has $7.11 Million Stake in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)
Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) Stake Boosted by Principal Financial Group Inc.
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Acquires 1,759 Shares of Safety Insurance Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SAFT)
Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB)
Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Premier Oil PLC (PMO)
L Brands, Inc. (LB) Bonds Trading 2.1% Lower
Mettler-Toledo International (MTD) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
San Juan Basin Royalty Trust (NYSE:SJT) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Activision Blizzard (ATVI)
Analyzing Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH) & TerraVia Holdings (NASDAQ:TVIA)
Contrasting ITT Educational Services (ESI) and GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE:GPX)


 


Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Gotham Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Dorman Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM) by 338.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 16,860 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 13,012 shares during the period. Gotham Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Dorman Products were worth $1,385,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Atria Investments LLC increased its position in shares of Dorman Products by 21.6% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 5,838 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $479,000 after buying an additional 1,037 shares during the last quarter. First National Bank of Omaha increased its position in shares of Dorman Products by 13.8% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 19,998 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,642,000 after buying an additional 2,425 shares during the last quarter. WCM Investment Management CA increased its position in shares of Dorman Products by 9.1% in the first quarter. WCM Investment Management CA now owns 10,482 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $861,000 after buying an additional 870 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Dorman Products by 17.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 51,011 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $3,727,000 after buying an additional 7,742 shares during the last quarter. Finally, USA Financial Portformulas Corp increased its position in shares of Dorman Products by 27.8% in the fourth quarter. USA Financial Portformulas Corp now owns 6,840 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $500,000 after buying an additional 1,486 shares during the last quarter. 77.12% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Dorman Products Inc. alerts:



Shares of Dorman Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM) opened at 76.94 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $79.93 and a 200-day moving average of $77.87. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.97 and a beta of 0.63. Dorman Products, Inc. has a 52-week low of $56.10 and a 52-week high of $88.50. 




Dorman Products (NASDAQ:DORM) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The auto parts company reported $0.85 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $221.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $224.16 million. Dorman Products had a net margin of 12.66% and a return on equity of 18.79%. Dorman Products’s revenue was up 6.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.71 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Dorman Products, Inc. will post $3.47 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC” was posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/gotham-asset-management-llc-buys-13012-shares-of-dorman-products-inc-dorm-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently commented on DORM. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dorman Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, July 10th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “mkt perform” rating and issued a $74.50 price target on shares of Dorman Products in a report on Tuesday, July 18th. BidaskClub raised shares of Dorman Products from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $85.00 price objective (up from $78.00) on shares of Dorman Products in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, B. Riley reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.50 price objective on shares of Dorman Products in a research report on Monday, May 8th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $81.25.
In other Dorman Products news, Director Paul R. Lederer sold 7,593 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.70, for a total value of $627,941.10. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 15,873 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,312,697.10. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 11.70% of the company’s stock. 
Dorman Products Company Profile
Dorman Products, Inc is a supplier of replacement parts and fasteners for passenger cars, light trucks and heavy duty trucks in the automotive aftermarket. As of December 31, 2016, the Company distributed and marketed approximately 155,000 different stock keeping units (SKU’s) of automotive replacement parts and fasteners. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Dorman Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dorman Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Shares Bought by Gotham Asset Management LLC - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Acco Brands Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Acco Brands Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Sabra Healthcare REIT, Inc. (SBRA) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC
Bridgewater Associates LP Has $1.06 Million Position in BB&T Corporation (BBT)
FundX Investment Group LLC Purchases 99,955 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ)
Vanguard Group Inc. Boosts Stake in White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. (WTM)
Jane Street Group LLC Sells 9,117 Shares of Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH)
Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Concurrent Computer Corporation (NASDAQ:CCUR) Stock Price
CHS (NASDAQ:CHSCL) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Paloma Partners Management Co Buys 3,900 Shares of KCG Holdings, Inc. Class A (KCG)
Paloma Partners Management Co Sells 7,578 Shares of Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF)
Paloma Partners Management Co Takes Position in InvenSense Inc (INVN)
Paloma Partners Management Co Buys Shares of 108,145 Comstock Resources, Inc. (CRK)
Paloma Partners Management Co Takes Position in Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (FBM)
(NYSE:CFI) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
CBOE Holdings (NASDAQ:CBOE) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.13
Hershey Company (The) (HSY) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc.
AQR Capital Management LLC Cuts Position in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX)
AQR Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Camden Property Trust (CPT)
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB) Position Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (WAIR)
Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Shares Bought by Gotham Asset Management LLC



 


Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Shares Bought by Gotham Asset Management LLC

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 



Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Acco Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) by 45.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 60,950 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 19,002 shares during the period. Gotham Asset Management LLC owned about 0.06% of Acco Brands Corporation worth $801,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in  Acco Brands Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 9,666,145 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $127,109,000 after buying an additional 174,498 shares during the last quarter.  BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in  Acco Brands Corporation by 16,978.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,403,606 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $97,358,000 after buying an additional 7,360,255 shares during the last quarter.  JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in  Acco Brands Corporation by 1.1% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,036,464 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $92,530,000 after buying an additional 75,844 shares during the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in  Acco Brands Corporation by 4.4% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,566,888 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $60,056,000 after buying an additional 194,294 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Acco Brands Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $30,438,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  91.72% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Acco Brands Corporation alerts:



Acco Brands Corporation (NYSE ACCO) opened at 12.00 on Thursday. Acco Brands Corporation has a 12-month low of $9.06 and a 12-month high of $14.75. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $11.69 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.95 and a beta of 1.30. 




Acco Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.02) by $0.06. Acco Brands Corporation had a return on equity of 13.98% and a net margin of 5.75%. The firm had revenue of $359.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $342.56 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.01) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 29.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Acco Brands Corporation will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Shares Bought by Gotham Asset Management LLC” was first  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/27/gotham-asset-management-llc-boosts-position-in-acco-brands-corporation-acco-updated-updated.html. 
Several research firms have commented on ACCO. Zacks Investment Research cut Acco Brands Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. BWS Financial  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price target on shares of Acco Brands Corporation in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. ValuEngine lowered Acco Brands Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, BidaskClub raised Acco Brands Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th.
In other news, SVP Kathy D. Schnaedter sold 68,653 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.26, for a total value of $773,032.78. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 68,655 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $773,055.30. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  4.50% of the company’s stock. 
About Acco Brands Corporation
ACCO Brands Corporation is engaged in designing, marketing and manufacturing of branded business, academic and selected consumer products. The Company operates through three segments: ACCO Brands North America, ACCO Brands International and Computer Products Group. The Company’s brands include Artline, AT-A-GLANCE, Derwent, Esselte, Five Star, GBC, Hilroy, Kensington, Leitz, Marbig, Mead, NOBO, Quartet, Rapid, Rexel, Swingline, Tilibra and Wilson Jones.







Receive News & Ratings for Acco Brands Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acco Brands Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




FundX Investment Group LLC Purchases 99,955 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 





Bridgewater Associates LP Has $1.06 Million Position in BB&T Corporation 





Sabra Healthcare REIT, Inc.  Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC





Jane Street Group LLC Sells 9,117 Shares of Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 





Vanguard Group Inc. Boosts Stake in White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. 





CBOE Holdings  Earns News Impact Rating of 0.13






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































Gotham Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:26 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Gotham Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Gotham Asset Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, charitable organizations, and other corporations. The firm provides client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds and launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets across the globe. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm employs a combination of fundamental and technical analysis to make its investments. It uses in-house research to make its investme...
Gotham Asset Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, charitable organizations, and other corporations. The firm provides client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds and launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets across the globe. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm employs a combination of fundamental and technical analysis to make its investments. It uses in-house research to make its investments. Gotham Asset Management, LLC was founded in 1985 and is based in the New York City.
Detailed Description


535 Madison Avenue30th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 1985



Phone: 212-319-4100

Fax: 212-319-4419

www.gothamassetmanagement.com







Key Executives for Gotham Asset Management, LLC




Mr. Kevin Blake Darcy


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Mr. Joel Michael Greenblatt


      	Managing Principal, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Bernard Philips Seibert


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Robert Lawrence Goldstein


      	Managing Principal, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Louis Larocca


      	 General Counsel
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Gotham Asset Management, LLC Key Developments

Gotham Asset Management, LLC Presents at Bloomberg L.P. Inaugural Invest New York Summit 2017, Jun-07-2017 02:05 PM
May 23 17
Gotham Asset Management, LLC Presents at Bloomberg L.P. Inaugural Invest New York Summit 2017, Jun-07-2017 02:05 PM. Venue: Bloomberg HQ, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Joel Michael Greenblatt, Managing Principal, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager.


Gotham Asset Management, LLC Presents at 21st Annual Hedge West Conference, Sep-28-2015 11:00 AM
Sep 24 15
Gotham Asset Management, LLC Presents at 21st Annual Hedge West Conference, Sep-28-2015 11:00 AM. Venue: Ritz Carlton, Sanfrancisco, California, United States. Speakers: Adam Barth, Director of Equity Research.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Gotham Asset Management, LLC, please visit www.gothamassetmanagement.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Gotham Asset Management, LLC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Gotham Asset Management, LLCGGotham Asset Management, LLCEDITLocationNew York, NYRevenue$7mTotal Funding$âFounded-Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitegothamassetmanagement.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Gotham Asset Management, LLCGotham Asset Management, LLC is an equity management firm that offers domestic
and international value investing strategies to institutional clients. Joel
Greenblatt and Robert Goldstein serve as Managing Principals and co-CIOs for
Gotham, with over 50 years of combined investment experience. Gotham uses a
fundamental value discipline developed by Greenblatt, Goldstein and their team
of investment professionals to manage both long only and long/short equity
portfolios.Keywordsinvestment management,investment banking,finance,brokerageGotham Asset Management, LLC CompetitorsIIncome Research & ManagementIncome Research & Management Homepage. Learn more about Who We Are, What...FX ConceptsNetwork Solutions - Original domain name registration and reservation...IInternational Farming Corporation, LLCInternational Farming Corporation is an agricultural asset manager with...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Gotham Asset Management, LLCStart trial to view recent news about Gotham Asset Management, LLC.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Avon Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avon Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Paragon Capital Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 12,618 Intel Corporation (INTC)
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Position Decreased by UMB Bank N A MO
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Stake Boosted by Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC
Denver Investment Advisors LLC Sells 600 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Position Maintained by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Computer Task Group, (NASDAQ:CTG) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Fate Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FATE) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
First Savings Financial Group (NASDAQ:FSFG) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cytori Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CYTX) Share Price
Siliconware Precision Industries (NASDAQ:SPIL) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.12
Caladrius Biosciences (NASDAQ:CLBS) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Study Shows
Bank of America Corp DE Has $7.80 Million Stake in BNC Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCN)
Bank of America Corp DE Increases Position in Camping World Holdings Inc. (CWH)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.25 Million Stake in Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE)
Imperial Oil (NYSEMKT:IMO) Getting Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Shows
Intersil Corp (NASDAQ:ISIL) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.10
Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Frank’s International N.V. (FI) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Formula Systems (1985) (FORTY) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds







Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Bank of America Corp DE boosted its position in shares of  Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) by 32.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 1,836,177 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 446,768 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE’s holdings in Avon Products were worth $8,079,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Shah Capital Management raised its position in  Avon Products by 5.8% in the first quarter. Shah Capital Management now owns 3,266,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,374,000 after buying an additional 178,804 shares during the period.  Beech Hill Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 16.8% in the first quarter. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. now owns 86,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 12,500 shares during the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 2.2% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 110,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Avon Products during the first quarter valued at about $689,000.  Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 119.7% in the first quarter. Parametrica Management Ltd now owns 29,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 15,985 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Avon Products Inc. alerts:



Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) opened at 3.65 on Tuesday. Avon Products, Inc. has a 1-year low of $3.24 and a 1-year high of $6.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $3.63 and its 200 day moving average is $4.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. 





Avon Products (NYSE:AVP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.07) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $1.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.33 billion. Avon Products had a net margin of 0.26% and a negative return on equity of 3.68%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.07) earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Avon Products, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/bank-of-america-corp-de-has-8-08-million-position-in-avon-products-inc-nyseavp.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on AVP shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. DA Davidson started coverage on shares of Avon Products in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $4.25 target price for the company. Finally, ValuEngine lowered shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Avon Products presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.54.
About Avon Products
Avon Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; South Latin America; North Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its product categories are Beauty, and Fashion and Home. Beauty consists of skincare (which includes personal care), fragrance and color (cosmetics).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP).







Receive News & Ratings for Avon Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avon Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Avon Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avon Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Paragon Capital Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 12,618 Intel Corporation (INTC)
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Position Decreased by UMB Bank N A MO
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Stake Boosted by Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC
Denver Investment Advisors LLC Sells 600 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Position Maintained by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Computer Task Group, (NASDAQ:CTG) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Fate Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FATE) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
First Savings Financial Group (NASDAQ:FSFG) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cytori Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CYTX) Share Price
Siliconware Precision Industries (NASDAQ:SPIL) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.12
Caladrius Biosciences (NASDAQ:CLBS) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Study Shows
Bank of America Corp DE Has $7.80 Million Stake in BNC Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCN)
Bank of America Corp DE Increases Position in Camping World Holdings Inc. (CWH)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.25 Million Stake in Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE)
Imperial Oil (NYSEMKT:IMO) Getting Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Shows
Intersil Corp (NASDAQ:ISIL) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.10
Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Frank’s International N.V. (FI) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Formula Systems (1985) (FORTY) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds







Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Bank of America Corp DE boosted its position in shares of  Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) by 32.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 1,836,177 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 446,768 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE’s holdings in Avon Products were worth $8,079,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Shah Capital Management raised its position in  Avon Products by 5.8% in the first quarter. Shah Capital Management now owns 3,266,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,374,000 after buying an additional 178,804 shares during the period.  Beech Hill Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 16.8% in the first quarter. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. now owns 86,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 12,500 shares during the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 2.2% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 110,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Avon Products during the first quarter valued at about $689,000.  Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 119.7% in the first quarter. Parametrica Management Ltd now owns 29,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 15,985 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Avon Products Inc. alerts:



Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) opened at 3.65 on Tuesday. Avon Products, Inc. has a 1-year low of $3.24 and a 1-year high of $6.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $3.63 and its 200 day moving average is $4.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. 





Avon Products (NYSE:AVP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.07) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $1.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.33 billion. Avon Products had a net margin of 0.26% and a negative return on equity of 3.68%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.07) earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Avon Products, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/bank-of-america-corp-de-has-8-08-million-position-in-avon-products-inc-nyseavp.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on AVP shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. DA Davidson started coverage on shares of Avon Products in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $4.25 target price for the company. Finally, ValuEngine lowered shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Avon Products presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.54.
About Avon Products
Avon Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; South Latin America; North Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its product categories are Beauty, and Fashion and Home. Beauty consists of skincare (which includes personal care), fragrance and color (cosmetics).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP).







Receive News & Ratings for Avon Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avon Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) News & Analysis






















    























































































Maxim Integrated Products Company Profile (NASDAQ:MXIM)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits, referred to as analog circuits. The Company also provides a range of high-frequency process technologies and capabilities for use in custom designs. The Company caters to automotive, communications and data center, computing, consumer and industrial markets. It offers a range of products, such as switching regulators, battery management, isolated power, charge pumps, linear regulators, light emitting diode (LED) drivers, motor driver integrated circuits (ICs), monitors and sequencers, transceivers, controllers and expanders, level translators, signal line protection ICs, broadband switches, powerline communications, real-time clocks, embedded security, microcontrollers, 1-Wire, iButton, data loggers, clock generation and distribution, memory products, optical, signal integrity, high-speed signaling, and display power and control. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Computer and Technology
Industry: Semiconductors - NEC
Sub-Industry: Semiconductors
Symbol: NASDAQ:MXIM
CUSIP: 57772K10
Web: www.maximintegrated.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $12.86 billionOutstanding Shares: 282,545,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $46.04200 Day Moving Avg: $45.1952 Week Range: $37.25 - $49.70


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 23.02Foreward P/E Ratio: 18.33P/E Growth: 1.28Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $2.3 billionPrice / Sales: 5.59Book Value: $7.79 per sharePrice / Book: 5.84Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.32Dividend Yield: 3.2%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $856.1 millionNet Margins: 24.90%Return on Equity: 28.45%Return on Assets: 15.07%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.46%Current Ratio: 9.23%Quick Ratio: 8.41%Misc:Average Volume: 2.19 million shs.Beta: 1.04Short Ratio: 2.15

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)
What is Maxim Integrated Products' stock symbol?

Maxim Integrated Products trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "MXIM."



How often does Maxim Integrated Products pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Maxim Integrated Products?

Maxim Integrated Products declared a quarterly dividend on Thursday, July 20th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, August 31st will be given a dividend of $0.36 per share on Thursday, September 14th. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, August 29th. This is a boost from Maxim Integrated Products's previous quarterly dividend of $0.33.  View Maxim Integrated Products' Dividend History.



How will Maxim Integrated Products' stock buyback program work?

Maxim Integrated Products announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback plan on Friday, July 21st 2017, which allows the company to buyback $1,000,000,000.00 in    shares, according to EventVestor. This buyback authorization allows the company to purchase up to 7.4% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback plans are typically a sign that the company's board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. 



How were Maxim Integrated Products' earnings last quarter?

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) issued its earnings results on Thursday, July, 20th. The company reported $0.63 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.62 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $602 million for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $609.52 million. Maxim Integrated Products had a net margin of 24.90% and a return on equity of 28.45%. The business's quarterly revenue was up 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.49 EPS.  View Maxim Integrated Products' Earnings History.



When will Maxim Integrated Products make its next earnings announcement?

Maxim Integrated Products is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, October, 18th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Maxim Integrated Products.



What guidance has Maxim Integrated Products issued on next quarter's earnings?

Maxim Integrated Products issued an update on its first quarter earnings guidance on Thursday, July, 20th. The company provided EPS guidance of $0.48-0.54 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $0.58. The company issued revenue guidance of $555-595 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $592.35 million.



Where is Maxim Integrated Products' stock going? Where will Maxim Integrated Products' stock price be in 2017?

17 equities research analysts have issued 1 year target prices for Maxim Integrated Products' shares. Their forecasts range from $37.00 to $54.00. On average, they anticipate Maxim Integrated Products' stock price to reach $47.13 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Maxim Integrated Products.



What are analysts saying about Maxim Integrated Products stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Maxim Integrated Products stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Maxim is an OEM of analog and mixed signal ICs. The fiscal third-quarter earnings of the company were above the Zacks Consensus Estimate.  However, over the last one year, the stock has underperformed the Zacks characterized Semi- Analog & Mixed industry. Maxim has a solid portfolio that generates steady design wins, a highly profitable and well-diversified core business, a policy of maintaining efficiency that has led to cost cutting measures and regular cash returns.  Maxim’s exposure to the consumer and communications markets increases risks. However, the diversification of the consumer revenue across a variety of tablets, wearables, peripherals and smartphones is adding stability to the company’s business profile." (6/28/2017)
2. Maxim Group analysts commented, "MXIM delivered another round of beat/raise results with F3Q (March) sales/EPS of $581M/$0.56 besting the Street’s $576M/$0.52, and F4Q (June) guidance of $610M/ $0.62 easily ahead of consensus $598M/$0.58. Auto/industrial (~50% of sales) is driving upside. GM of 65.2% was just ahead of mgmt’s LT target and expected up another 100bps Q/Q in F4Q. Investors would typically cheer such a solid upside result/ outlook; however, mgmt commentary concerning slowing auto orders could temper enthusiasm near term. In addition to MXIM, semiconductor auto bellwethers include NXPI, ADI, and TXN." (4/21/2017)




Who are some of Maxim Integrated Products' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Maxim Integrated Products include Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP), Xilinx (XLNX), STMicroelectronics N.V. (STM), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Freescale Semiconductor Ltd (FSL), Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASX), Flextronics International (FLEX), Marvell Technology Group (MRVL), Arrow Electronics (ARW), Coherent (COHR), ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON), Microsemi Corporation (MSCC), Semiconductor  Manufacturing International Corporation (SMI), United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC), Jabil Circuit (JBL), Siliconware Precision Industries Company (SPIL), Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) and Monolithic Power Systems (MPWR).



Who are Maxim Integrated Products' key executives?

Maxim Integrated Products' management team includes the folowing people: William P. Sullivan, Independent Chairman of the BoardTunc Doluca, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorBruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice PresidentChristopher J. Neil, Senior Vice President, Maxim VenturesEdwin B. Medlin, Senior Vice President, General CounselVivek Jain, Senior Vice President - Technology and Manufacturing OperationsDavid A. Caron, Vice President, Chief Accounting OfficerSteven T. Yamasaki, Vice President - Human ResourcesTracy C. Accardi, Independent DirectorJames R. Bergman, Independent Director



Who owns Maxim Integrated Products stock?

Maxim Integrated Products' stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Hamlin Capital Management LLC (0.31%), PGGM Investments (0.25%), Marathon Asset Management LLP (0.25%), KAMES CAPITAL plc (0.23%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.14%) and BB&T Corp (0.13%). Company insiders that own Maxim Integrated Products stock include A R Frank Wazzan, Anthony Stratakos, B Kipling Hagopian, Bruce E Kiddoo, Bryan Preeshl, Christopher J Neil, David Caron, Edwin Medlin, James R Bergman, Joseph R Bronson, Matthew J Murphy, Robert Edward Grady, Steven T Yamasaki, Tunc Doluca, Vivek Jain and William D Watkins. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Maxim Integrated Products.



Who sold Maxim Integrated Products stock? Who is selling Maxim Integrated Products stock?

Maxim Integrated Products' stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including ING Groep NV, Russell Investments Group Ltd., Acadian Asset Management LLC, FCM Investments TX, BB&T Corp, US Bancorp DE, Bessemer Group Inc. and Marathon Asset Management LLP. Company insiders that have sold Maxim Integrated Products stock in the last year include A R Frank Wazzan, Anthony Stratakos, Bruce E Kiddoo, Bryan Preeshl, Christopher J Neil, David Caron, Edwin Medlin, James R Bergman, Joseph R Bronson, Steven T Yamasaki, Tunc Doluca, Vivek Jain and William D Watkins. View Insider Buying and Selling for Maxim Integrated Products.



Who bought Maxim Integrated Products stock? Who is buying Maxim Integrated Products stock?

Maxim Integrated Products' stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including PGGM Investments, First Quadrant L P CA, APG Asset Management N.V., Shell Asset Management Co., Pensionfund DSM Netherlands, Bank of Montreal Can, Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund and Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V..  View Insider Buying and Selling for Maxim Integrated Products.



How do I buy Maxim Integrated Products stock? 

Shares of Maxim Integrated Products can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Maxim Integrated Products' stock price today?

One share of Maxim Integrated Products stock can currently be purchased for approximately $45.47.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ MXIM)Community Ranking:  2.5 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  495 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  501 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  996MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Maxim Integrated Products and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 7 Hold Ratings, 9 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.47)Consensus Price Target: $47.13 (3.64% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/22/2017B. RileyReiterated RatingNeutral$47.00Low7/17/2017Morgan StanleyBoost Price TargetUnderweight$37.00 -> $40.00Low7/11/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuyLow6/16/2017Maxim GroupInitiated CoverageMarket PerformLow6/16/2017Raymond James Financial, Inc.Reiterated RatingMkt Perform -> Mkt PerformLow5/26/2017Stifel NicolausReiterated RatingBuy$52.00 -> $54.00N/A4/25/2017Citigroup Inc.Reiterated RatingNeutral$41.00 -> $44.00Low4/24/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingSector Perform$45.00 -> $47.00Medium4/21/2017Evercore ISIDowngradeOutperform -> Outperform$46.00Low4/14/2017Loop CapitalReiterated RatingBuy$50.00 -> $51.00Low4/14/2017Drexel HamiltonReiterated RatingBuy$46.00 -> $52.00Low4/7/2017MKM PartnersInitiated CoverageNeutral$48.00Medium3/31/2017MacquarieInitiated CoverageOutperform -> Outperform$52.00Low1/27/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeNeutral -> Buy$51.00 -> $43.00N/A10/24/2016Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingMarket Perform$30.50 -> $37.00N/A9/20/2016Susquehanna Bancshares IncInitiated CoveragePositive$50.00N/A9/15/2016Pacific CrestReiterated RatingOverweightN/A8/31/2016Barclays PLCBoost Price TargetEqual Weight$35.00 -> $42.00N/A7/19/2016BMO Capital MarketsDowngradeOutperform -> Market Perform$39.00N/A6/2/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Initiated CoverageNeutral$35.00N/A4/23/2016Sterne Agee CRTReiterated RatingBuy$40.00 -> $43.00N/A2/11/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$40.00N/A2/11/2016Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingHoldN/A1/24/2016Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingHoldN/A1/22/2016NomuraReiterated RatingBuyN/A10/23/2015J P Morgan Chase & CoBoost Price TargetOverweight$43.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)Earnings History by Quarter for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ MXIM)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails10/18/2017$0.58N/A7/20/2017Q4 2017$0.62$0.63$609.52 million$602.00 millionViewN/A4/20/2017Q3 2017$0.52$0.56$575.83 million$581.00 millionViewN/A1/26/2017Q217$0.43$0.46$542.69 million$551.00 millionViewN/A10/20/2016Q117$0.47$0.48$560.84 million$561.40 millionViewListen7/21/2016Q416$0.48$0.49$575.46 million$566.00 millionViewListen4/21/2016Q316$0.42$0.41$555.00 million$555.00 millionViewListen1/21/2016Q216$0.32$0.32$505.08 million$510.80 millionViewListen10/22/2015Q116$0.42$0.42$564.96 million$562.50 millionViewListen7/23/2015Q415$0.39$0.43$592.62 million$483.00 millionViewListen4/23/2015Q315$0.35$0.40$585.44 million$577.00 millionViewN/A1/22/2015Q215$0.29$0.33$560.48 million$567.00 millionViewN/A10/23/2014Q115$0.37$0.38$600.90 million$580.30 millionViewListen7/24/2014Q414$0.48$0.43$650.45 million$642.50 millionViewN/A4/24/2014Q314$0.39$0.43$604.68 million$606.00 millionViewN/A1/22/2014Q214$0.39$0.36$620.31 million$620.00 millionViewN/A10/24/2013Q114$0.40$0.41$584.84 million$585.20 millionViewN/A7/25/2013Q4 2013$0.47$0.44$626.24 million$608.00 millionViewN/A4/25/2013Q3 2013$0.41$0.45$596.75 million$604.90 millionViewN/A1/24/2013Q2 2013$0.41$0.42$610.21 million$605.30 millionViewN/A10/25/2012$0.43$0.47ViewN/A7/26/2012$0.39$0.45ViewN/A4/26/2012$0.28$0.33ViewN/A1/26/2012$0.32$0.34ViewN/A10/20/2011$0.41$0.46ViewN/A7/28/2011$0.42$0.45ViewN/A4/21/2011$0.40$0.40ViewN/A1/20/2011$0.41$0.44ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.992018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.29QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20174$0.47$0.49$0.48Q2 20174$0.43$0.44$0.44Q3 20175$0.47$0.53$0.51Q4 20175$0.51$0.62$0.58Q1 20187$0.45$0.63$0.55Q2 20186$0.41$0.60$0.53Q3 20186$0.49$0.66$0.59Q4 20186$0.54$0.68$0.62Q1 20194$0.56$0.66$0.62Q2 20194$0.53$0.63$0.59(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)Next Dividend:9/14/2017Annual Dividend:$1.32Dividend Yield:2.90%Dividend Growth:8.00% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:66.33% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  56.41% (Based on This Year's Estimates)53.23% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:7 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ MXIM)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/20/2017quarterly$0.363.22%8/29/20178/31/20179/14/20174/21/2017quarterly$0.332.94%5/30/20176/1/20176/15/20171/26/2017quarterly$0.332.95%2/28/20173/2/20173/16/201710/20/2016quarterly$0.333.31%11/29/201612/1/201612/15/20167/21/2016quarterly$0.333.44%8/16/20168/18/20169/1/20164/22/2016quarterly$0.303.22%5/17/20165/19/20166/2/20161/21/2016quarterly$0.303.73%2/16/20162/18/20163/3/201610/23/2015quarterly$0.303.16%11/17/201511/19/201512/3/20157/23/2015quarterly$0.308/18/20158/20/20159/3/20154/23/2015quarterly$0.283.38%5/19/20155/21/20156/4/20151/22/2015quarterly$0.283.3%2/17/20152/19/20153/5/201510/23/2014quarterly$0.283.93%11/18/201411/20/201412/4/20147/24/2014quarterly$0.283.7%8/19/20148/21/20149/4/20144/24/2014quarterly$0.263.3%5/20/20145/22/20146/5/20141/23/2014quarterly$0.263.64%2/18/20142/20/20143/6/201410/24/2013quarterly$0.263.46%11/19/201311/21/201312/5/20137/25/2013quarterly$0.263.71%8/20/20138/22/20139/5/20134/25/2013quarterly$0.243.13%5/20/20135/22/20136/5/20131/24/2013quarterly$0.243.04%2/15/20132/20/20133/6/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)Insider Ownership Percentage: 1.30%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 89.44%Insider Trades by Quarter for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails7/10/2017Christopher J. NeilVPSell3,500$45.69$159,915.00  7/3/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,000$44.72$536,640.00  6/9/2017Edwin MedlinVPSell30,646$46.99$1,440,055.54  6/6/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$49.00$294,000.00  5/31/2017Vivek JainVPSell47,700$47.91$2,285,307.00  5/25/2017Bryan PreeshlInsiderSell13,586$47.78$649,139.08  5/22/2017Vivek JainVPSell616$46.85$28,859.60  5/19/2017Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell10,000$47.00$470,000.00  5/19/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell3,000$47.00$141,000.00  5/15/2017Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell25,000$46.33$1,158,250.00  5/5/2017Bryan PreeshlInsiderSell4,000$45.40$181,600.00  5/3/2017William D. WatkinsDirectorSell4,200$44.93$188,706.00  5/2/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,000$44.49$533,880.00  5/1/2017Christopher J. NeilVPSell51,000$44.24$2,256,240.00  4/25/2017Joseph R. BronsonDirectorSell18,300$45.08$824,964.00  4/3/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell24,500$44.59$1,092,455.00  3/8/2017Bryan PreeshlInsiderSell1,243$44.92$55,835.56  3/3/2017Anthony StratakosInsiderSell14,762$44.32$654,251.84  3/3/2017James R. BergmanDirectorSell20,000$44.08$881,600.00  3/1/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell24,500$44.42$1,088,290.00  2/17/2017Edwin MedlinVPSell2,323$44.92$104,349.16  2/8/2017Vivek JainVPSell10,000$45.26$452,600.00  2/7/2017Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell25,000$44.90$1,122,500.00  1/31/2017Bryan PreeshlInsiderSell6,862$44.42$304,810.04  1/31/2017James R. BergmanDirectorSell14,824$44.37$657,740.88  1/30/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,000$44.73$536,760.00  1/27/2017Christopher J. NeilVPSell15,000$44.78$671,700.00  1/25/2017Vivek JainVPSell21,044$42.33$890,792.52  1/24/2017Christopher J. NeilVPSell10,000$42.00$420,000.00  1/13/2017Vivek JainVPSell3,273$41.42$135,567.66  1/10/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell8,000$41.00$328,000.00  1/9/2017Christopher J. NeilVPSell10,000$40.00$400,000.00  1/9/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,000$40.00$160,000.00  1/3/2017Tunc DolucaCEOSell18,500$38.62$714,470.00  11/28/2016James R. BergmanDirectorSell2,000$40.17$80,340.00  11/8/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$40.00$80,000.00  11/1/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell18,500$39.46$730,010.00  10/3/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell20,500$40.03$820,615.00  9/1/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell22,500$40.86$919,350.00  8/26/2016Vivek JainVPSell3,273$41.42$135,567.66  8/19/2016Steven T. YamasakiVPSell35,012$41.06$1,437,592.72  8/17/2016Edwin MedlinVPSell1,912$40.23$76,919.76  8/16/2016David CaronVPSell7,530$40.91$308,052.30  8/5/2016A R. Frank WazzanDirectorSell3,000$40.89$122,670.00  8/5/2016Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell5,000$40.93$204,650.00  8/1/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell22,500$41.05$923,625.00  8/1/2016William D. WatkinsDirectorSell60,786$41.08$2,497,088.88  7/29/2016A R. Frank WazzanDirectorSell1,000$40.77$40,770.00  7/27/2016Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell25,000$41.43$1,035,750.00  7/27/2016Christopher J. NeilVPSell27,772$40.92$1,136,430.24  7/27/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$42.00$252,000.00  7/26/2016Edwin MedlinVPSell26,552$40.07$1,063,938.64  7/26/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell21,992$39.76$874,401.92  7/8/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,508$36.00$90,288.00  7/1/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell10,000$35.53$355,300.00  6/10/2016B Kipling HagopianDirectorSell46,800$37.86$1,771,848.00  6/9/2016Bruce E KiddooCFOSell25,000$37.90$947,500.00  6/8/2016Steven T YamasakiVPSell14,000$37.80$529,200.00  6/7/2016A R Frank WazzanDirectorSell3,000$37.58$112,740.00  6/1/2016David CaronVPSell727$37.84$27,509.68  6/1/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell18,500$37.99$702,815.00  5/31/2016Christopher J NeilVPSell20,000$38.00$760,000.00  5/24/2016Edwin MedlinVPSell3,000$37.00$111,000.00  5/24/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$37.00$74,000.00  5/18/2016David CaronVPSell7,530$36.00$271,080.00  5/17/2016Edwin MedlinVPSell2,496$35.46$88,508.16  5/2/2016Christopher J NeilVPSell20,000$35.83$716,600.00  5/2/2016Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,500$35.96$449,500.00  4/26/2016James R BergmanDirectorSell17,824$38.12$679,450.88  4/26/2016Matthew J MurphyVPSell4,143$38.00$157,434.00  3/23/2016Matthew J MurphyVPSell2,000$35.40$70,800.00  3/11/2016Joseph R BronsonDirectorSell6,200$34.22$212,164.00  3/11/2016Vivek JainVPSell36,059$34.10$1,229,611.90  3/9/2016Vivek JainVPSell35,887$33.62$1,206,520.94  3/4/2016B Kipling HagopianDirectorSell5,000$34.60$173,000.00  2/25/2016A R. Frank WazzanDirectorSell2,800$33.48$93,744.00  2/22/2016A R. Frank WazzanDirectorSell11,700$33.42$391,014.00  2/22/2016Bruce E. KiddooCFOSell25,000$33.00$825,000.00  2/22/2016Edwin MedlinVPSell20,541$33.32$684,426.12  2/17/2016David CaronVPSell16,020$33.30$533,466.00  2/16/2016A R. Frank WazzanDirectorSell6,500$33.39$217,035.00  1/26/2016James R BergmanDirectorSell27,250$31.81$866,822.50  9/9/2015Christopher J. NeilVPSell23,000$34.25$787,750.00  8/28/2015Robert Edward GradyDirectorSell48,000$33.00$1,584,000.00  8/18/2015David CaronVPSell8,571$33.28$285,242.88  7/1/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,800$34.78$166,944.00  6/10/2015Walter SangalliVPSell11,818$34.20$404,175.60  6/8/2015Walter SangalliVPSell6,182$34.20$211,424.40  6/1/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,800$35.07$168,336.00  5/22/2015Christopher J NeilVPSell30,000$34.43$1,032,900.00  5/22/2015James R BergmanDirectorSell5,000$34.39$171,950.00  5/18/2015David CaronVPSell8,571$34.40$294,842.40  5/14/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,400$34.00$81,600.00  4/28/2015Joseph R BronsonDirectorSell11,800$33.22$391,996.00  3/12/2015A R Frank WazzanDirectorSell6,000$35.16$210,960.00  3/12/2015Vivek JainVPSell16,551$35.29$584,084.79  3/2/2015A R Frank WazzanDirectorSell4,000$35.25$141,000.00  3/2/2015Bruce E KiddooCFOSell25,000$34.90$872,500.00  3/2/2015Edwin MedlinVPSell10,098$35.05$353,934.90  3/2/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,800$34.60$166,080.00  2/27/2015Matthew J MurphyVPSell21,860$34.37$751,328.20  2/24/2015Edwin MedlinVPSell41,469$34.38$1,425,704.22  2/20/2015B Kipling HagopianDirectorSell11,250$34.47$387,787.50  2/18/2015David CaronVPSell8,584$34.71$297,950.64  2/18/2015Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell21,420$34.71$743,488.20  2/13/2015Chae LeeVPSell66,768$34.75$2,320,188.00  2/12/2015Steven T YamasakiVPSell11,000$34.54$379,940.00  2/10/2015Joseph R BronsonDirectorSell9,618$34.14$328,358.52  2/3/2015Christopher J NeilVPSell26,000$34.00$884,000.00  2/3/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,400$34.00$81,600.00  2/2/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,400$33.17$79,608.00  1/27/2015David CaronVPSell5,805$33.50$194,467.50  1/27/2015Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell21,689$33.68$730,485.52  1/26/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,000$34.00$408,000.00  1/2/2015Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,400$32.00$76,800.00  12/24/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell9,600$32.00$307,200.00  12/3/2014Matthew J MurphyVPSell10,834$30.00$325,020.00  11/26/2014Matthew J MurphyVPSell2,063$29.63$61,126.69  11/17/2014Walter SangalliVPSell3,449$29.34$101,193.66  11/7/2014Christopher J NeilVPSell30,000$29.56$886,800.00  9/8/2014Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell86,400$31.05$2,682,720.00  9/5/2014Bruce E KiddooCFOSell25,000$31.35$783,750.00  8/27/2014Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell65,067$30.86$2,007,967.62  8/22/2014Steven T YamasakiVPSell11,600$31.05$360,180.00  8/19/2014David CaronVPSell7,034$30.77$216,436.18  8/5/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$30.00$60,000.00  8/1/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$29.45$58,900.00  7/1/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell8,000$33.94$271,520.00  6/13/2014Vivek JainVPSell116,582$35.02$4,082,701.64  6/9/2014Edwin MedlinVPSell38,051$35.45$1,348,907.95  6/4/2014Chae LeeVPSell32,904$34.55$1,136,833.20  6/2/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell8,000$34.26$274,080.00  5/27/2014Bruce E KiddooCFOSell65,000$34.35$2,232,750.00  5/23/2014Matthew J MurphyVPSell24,661$34.00$838,474.00  5/23/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell18,000$34.00$612,000.00  5/22/2014James BergmanDirectorSell10,000$33.90$339,000.00  5/20/2014David CaronVPSell7,017$33.22$233,104.74  5/19/2014Christopher NeilVPSell26,000$33.14$861,640.00  5/15/2014Walter SangalliVPSell3,682$31.82$117,161.24  5/12/2014Christopher NeilVPSell26,000$31.80$826,800.00  5/9/2014William WatkinsDirectorSell66,614$31.48$2,097,008.72  5/2/2014Matthew MurphyVPSell15,339$32.35$496,216.65  5/1/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$32.29$193,740.00  4/29/2014Joseph BronsonDirectorSell24,405$32.04$781,936.20  4/1/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$33.13$198,780.00  3/3/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$32.24$193,440.00  2/26/2014Steven YamasakiVPSell15,000$32.18$482,700.00  2/25/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell12,000$32.00$384,000.00  2/19/2014David CaronVPSell7,032$31.45$221,156.40  2/18/2014Walter SangalliVPSell3,696$31.10$114,945.60  2/14/2014Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell179,996$31.47$5,664,474.12  2/13/2014Bruce KiddooCFOSell70,000$31.20$2,184,000.00  2/12/2014James BergmanDirectorSell2,000$30.67$61,340.00  2/10/2014Bruce KiddooCFOSell25,000$30.21$755,250.00  2/10/2014Edwin MedlinVPSell3,000$30.21$90,630.00  2/4/2014David CaronVPSell10,354$29.54$305,857.16  2/3/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,000$30.10$120,400.00  1/29/2014Christopher NeilSVPSell117,855$29.57$3,484,972.35  1/28/2014Matthew MurphyVPSell17,007$29.35$499,155.45  1/28/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell6,000$30.00$180,000.00  1/3/2014Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$28.50$57,000.00  12/11/2013Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell100,000$28.38$2,838,000.00  12/9/2013Bruce KiddooCFOSell7,500$28.51$213,825.00  12/3/2013James BergmanDirectorSell5,000$28.50$142,500.00  12/2/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$28.65$57,300.00  11/21/2013Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell50,000$28.42$1,421,000.00  11/19/2013Bruce KiddooCFOSell25,000$28.90$722,500.00  11/4/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$29.41$58,820.00  10/29/2013Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell50,000$29.71$1,485,500.00  9/23/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$30.04$60,080.00  9/11/2013Chae LeeVPSell25,000$28.98$724,500.00  9/4/2013Matthew J MurphyVPSell2,646$28.60$75,675.60  9/3/2013David CaronVPSell9,022$28.32$255,503.04  9/3/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$28.09$56,180.00  7/8/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$28.03$56,060.00  7/3/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$27.45$54,900.00  6/14/2013Matthew J MurphyVPSell2,644$27.52$72,762.88  6/5/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,000$29.07$116,280.00  6/4/2013David CaronVPSell1,018$29.77$30,305.86  5/21/2013David CaronVPSell3,892$31.03$120,768.76  5/16/2013Pirooz ParvarandehCTOSell18,814$31.32$589,254.48  5/13/2013Tunc DolucaCEOSell8,000$32.12$256,960.00  12/3/2012Christopher J NeilSVPSell30,000$28.76$862,800.00  11/27/2012B Kipling HagopianDirectorSell8,000$28.34$226,720.00  11/12/2012Tunc DolucaCEOSell4,000$28.45$113,800.00  10/5/2012Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$28.00$56,000.00  10/3/2012Tunc DolucaCEOSell2,000$27.32$54,640.00  8/9/2012Vivek JainSVPSell1,046$28.46$29,769.16  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)


Latest Headlines for Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineEarnings Review and Free Research Report: Maxim's EPS Soared 78.1%; Exceeded Expectationsfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 5:59 AMMaxim's PMICs Offer Hearables Lowest Standby Power and High Efficiency at Less Than 1/2 the Sizefinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 5:59 AM Analysts Anticipate Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $575.02 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 1:56 PMMaxim's Dual Channel Transceiver Adopted by Omron for IO-Link Sensor Applications - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 26 at 3:19 AMMaxim's Dual Channel Transceiver Adopted by Omron for IO-Link Sensor Applicationsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:19 AMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Announce $0.55 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 8:20 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : MXIM-US : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 5:16 AMETFs with exposure to Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 5:16 AMAnalysts Offer Predictions for Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.'s Q1 2018 Earnings (NASDAQ:MXIM)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 9:32 AMB. Riley Reiterates Neutral Rating for Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 12:56 PMMarket Close Report: NASDAQ Composite index closes at 6387.75 down -2.25 points - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 22 at 6:46 AMMaxim Integrated shares down after quarterly revenue miss - MarketWatchwww.marketwatch.com - July 22 at 6:46 AMMaxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) Board of Directors Announces Stock Repurchase Planwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 11:05 AMMaxim Integrated Stock Reports Earnings Tonight: 50 Percent 12 Month Upsidewww.benzinga.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Integrated Board Approves $1 Bln Share Buyback - Quick Factswww.nasdaq.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Integrated Products' (MXIM) CEO Tunc Doluca on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Integrated Reports Results For The Fourth Quarter Of Fiscal 2017, Increases Dividend By 9%finance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Integrated shares down after quarterly revenue missfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Drops 6%: FYQ4 Rev Misses, Q1 Rev View Missesfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim beats 4Q profit forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 3:10 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 9:04 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Plans Dividend Increase - $0.36 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 7:23 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 5:31 PMMaxim (MXIM) to Report Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 18 at 6:30 AMMorgan Stanley Boosts Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Price Target to $40.00www.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 7:14 PMMaxim (MXIM) to Report Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards?finance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 9:57 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Receives "Neutral" Rating from B. Rileywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 9:32 AMETFs with exposure to Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 15 at 6:46 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:MXIM) : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 15 at 6:46 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Receives Average Recommendation of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 6:45 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : MXIM-US : July 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 6:40 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Release Earnings on Thursdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 10:09 PMChristopher J. Neil Sells 3,500 Shares of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 8:16 PMJefferies Group LLC Reiterates "Buy" Rating for Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 7:08 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) CEO Sells $536,640.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 6 at 7:40 PM$608.32 Million in Sales Expected for Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 1 at 10:28 AMMaxim Integrated To Announce Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 2:02 AM$0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 8:06 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 12:52 AMMaxim Integrated Empowering Medical Design Innovation at Sensors Expo 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 6:30 AMHead-To-Head Review: Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) vs. MaxLinear (MXL)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 8:08 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : MXIM-US : June 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 21 at 7:52 PMZacks Investment Research Lowers Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Holdwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 1:08 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Receives Consensus Rating of "Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 7:01 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Lowered to "Buy" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 17 at 4:48 PMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Maxim Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 17 at 9:56 AMMaxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) Earns "Market Perform" Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 10:41 AMRaymond James Resumes Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) at Market Perform - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 16 at 7:58 AMRaymond James Resumes Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) at Market Perform - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 16 at 7:58 AMMACOM Technology Solutions Holdings (MTSI) and Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Financial Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 14 at 4:08 PM


Social





Chart
Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































	Home Page : Gotham




















Contact Us
|
Account Access
|
Advisor Resources

Login







LONG/SHORT MUTUAL FUNDS
Managed by hedge fund managers Joel Greenblatt and Robert Goldstein.




Overview

					Gotham offers diversified long/short equity mutual funds which utilize the valuation principles Joel Greenblatt and Robert Goldstein have employed over their 50+ years of combined investment experience.
					


>>Letter from our CIOs




>>Bios of our CIOs





ALL CAP STRATEGIES

Gotham Absolute Return Fund (GARIX)

                                50%-60% Net Long*(e.g., 120% long - 60% short)
                                

Morningstar





Gotham Enhanced Return Fund (GENIX)

                                100% Net Long*(e.g., 170% long - 70% short)
                                

Morningstar





Gotham Neutral Fund (GONIX)

                                Market Neutral**
                                

Morningstar





Gotham Index Plus (GINDX)



Morningstar





ENHANCED INDEX STRATEGIES

Gotham Index Plus (GINDX) 100% Net Long Index Investment + Active Long/Short Overlay

Morningstar

•  Index based + active overlay
•  Core equity allocation
•  Tax goal: Long-term capital gains 1
•  1% management fee 2

>> GINDX Overview
>> GINDX Fact Sheet


Barron's Interview on Gotham Index Plus

OTHER LARGE CAP STRATEGIES
Gotham Absolute 500 Fund (GFIVX)
			  40%-70% Net Long*			  (e.g., 142.5% long - 82.5% short)

Morningstar










Gotham Publications

>> CIO Note: 2016 Outlook

January 13, 2016


>> CIO Note: Views on Market Volatility

September 1, 2015


>> 2016 Distributions





In the News


Forbes: An Interview with Joel Greenblatt


PBS: 2016 WealthTrack:  Joel Greenblatt - Index Based Strategies




Barron's:

Joel Greenblatt's Investing Secrets Revealed


On Value Investing:

A Conversation:  Joel Greenblatt & Howard Marks


PBS: WealthTrack:  Joel Greenblatt - Philosophy & Process




ValueInvestor Insight:

Evolution of a Manager - Joel Greenblatt


CNBC:

Interview with Joel Greenblatt










