




G&R Fund I LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Berke  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









G&R Fund I LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7665 Treeridge Ct  
    Atlanta, GA, 30350Phone: 4703445191 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


$100,000


$100,000


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matt I Berke 
 Director, Executive 


 Llc G&R Partners 
 Director 





















 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:40 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP is a hedge fund launched and managed by Marathon Asset Management, LP. The fund invests in fixed income markets. Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP was formed in August 2014 and is domiciled in United States.


One Bryant Park38th floorNew York, NY 10036United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 212-500-3000

Fax: 212-205-8800








Key Executives for Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP




Mr. Bruce Jeffrey Richards


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Marathon Structured Product Strategies Fund, LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















 What does an LP look for in a venture capital fund manager? |  THE EQUITY KICKER





































































































						
						THE EQUITY KICKER 
					



    











No menu assigned!













What does an LP look for in a venture capital fund manager?

By Nic BrisbourneDecember 15, 201050 Questions, Venture Capital 




 17 Comments


 4 
0        










Sixth in a series of weekly posts by myself and Nicholas Lovell of Gamesbrief which answer the fifty questions you should ask before raising venture capital.  We expect the series to run for a year after which we will collate the posts into a book.  You can find the rationale behind the series here, and the list of questions here.  We welcome your comments on any and every aspect of what we are doing. 
————————————— 
 Let me start by explaining two terms in the question.  
‘LP’ is a generic term for an investor in a venture capital fund. Typically they are pension funds or insurance companies (otherwise known as ‘institutional investors’), but they can also be corporates, wealthy individuals or governments looking to stimulate the startup ecosystem.  LP is short for Limited Partner, a reference to the legal status of investors in venture capital funds – technically they are partners in the fund with limited rights and obligations.  I covered this in a little more detail when I answered the question Where do VCs get their money from? 
A ‘venture capital fund manager’ or sometimes ‘venture capitalist’ is the team of people that decide which companies to invest in and then manage them to exit, they are often known as the ‘GP’ or ‘general partner’.  A GP can have multiple funds under management at any one time and they are compensated according to the terms of the GP agreement for each fund which determines the fees and profit share they receive.  I covered this in a little more detail when I answered the question What is venture capital? 
Turning to the question du jour, the first thing that an LP looks for in a venture capital fund manager is track record.  In venture capital past success is a very good indicator of future success, unlike many other asset classes.  Entrepreneurs like to work with investors who have shown an ability to make money and hence VCs with a good track record stand a better than average chance of getting into the best deals and therefore making more money.  Additionally VCs who have had good success have typically built strong networks on the back of that success and are more able to help their companies with introductions to customers and partners. 
The next thing an LP will look for is to see that the team has worked together before.  Ideally they have all worked together in the same manager and developed a good track record together.  Alternatively, if the individuals have worked together in past lives then that might be enough to get the LP comfortable. 
After that the LP will look to the fund structure/strategy – how many investments of what size and in which geographies and sectors the fund manager intends to make.  There are some basics that have to be got right – e.g. the team needs to be large enough to make the planned number of investments when taking into account their commitments to earlier funds, the fees need to be sufficient to cover the planned expenses of the manager.  Some other elements are more subjective and will appeal differently to different LPs – e.g. which sectors the GP intends to invest in (cleantech, internet etc.). 
Finally, if the LP is comfortable on the three items above they will start to look to the terms of the venture fund of which the most important by far are the fees (typically 1.5-2.5% of funds under management) and the profit share or carried interest (typically 15-25% of profits, often after a basic return has been delivered).  LPs look through these percentages to see how much money the partners in the GP will get and as a result larger funds are usually nearer the bottom of the ranges given, whilst smaller funds are able to get nearer the top.  More successful funds are able to command higher fees and carry. 
The first three items (track record, team history, strategy) are typically go or no-go gating items whereas the terms are more of a negotiation.  

Related articles

Where do VCs get their money from? (theequitykicker.com) 
Is venture capital right for your company? (theequitykicker.com) 
What is venture capital? (theequitykicker.com) 
Is InLab’s VC 3.0 the Cure for What’s Ailing the Venture Capital Game? (dailyfinance.com)
The right amount of venture capital to raise (acquia.com)













http://www.gamesbrief.com                Nicholas Lovell



The “good VCs get better deals” is an interesting angle when it comes to luck. In other words, you could say that the secret to being a good VC is to get lucky once, because once you have a reputation for being lucky, LPs and entrepreneurs want to talk to you.
Of course, I don’t believe in luck, or rather, I believe luck happens and lucky people are those who find ways to be open to lucky situations. So VCs, more than most, need to open to the possibility of Black Swans, and be ready to capitalise on that success.






http://www.alanodea.com                alanodea



Guys  great work so far my one comment about this recent post is simplay to ask is this not a bit high level for a focus on the games industry and a book. 
Not all games industry guys get VC that got to be like 1-5% of all games companies raise form Institutions.  
Moreover I think it’s a bit high level to be talking about where VC’s get their money and the value chain of the VC industry. 
It might be more valuable to focus on what sort of  funding levels VCs look to invest at and what sort of returns and equity splits their looking at i.e. more tactical and less strategic VC value chain issues.
As a games company owner looking for funding I don’t need to know where VC’s money comes from I am much more interested in their measures and criteria from investment.






http://www.alanodea.com                alanodea



Hey guys great series and articles so far my comment is about relevance for this post if the series is fifty questions you should ask before raising venture capital.
It might be more valuable to focus on what sort of questions to ask your potential VC partner i.e. more tactical advice and less strategic and VC value chain issues.
As a company owner looking for funding I don’t care where my VC money comes. I’ve never had had my board members, investors, co-founders or managers ask me about what a LP is and how a VC raises its money. 
Nor am I going to be sitting down over tea talking to VC partners about their own fund raising struggles, strategies and hardships 🙂  I wouldn’t expect my VC to share that information with me or any other company or company owner looking to raise money with them.
If it is fifty question you should ask before raining venture capital
The next questions in the series to my mind are filling in more detail on what a VC is looking for and what does it involve for a company owner when and if they decide to chase and secure VC funding.
So questions such as
•	How much do they invest?
•	What are the typical format and criteria for investment?
•	What returns and timeframes do they expect a company to deliver?
•	How will they work with the company i.e. does investment require board positions, special share privileges and voting right?
•	What is the general process of getting VC investment?
•	How long will it take?
Beyond that if you think it’s really important to focus on LP’s and talk about the fact that VC’s manage their own investors funds then a further output of this post might be some questions a company owner should ask when performing diligence on their potential VC investor?
•	Has the VC currently got a viable fund under management?
•	Can they invest?
•	What will they invest in?
•	How much of that fund is current invested and not invested?
•	When does the current fund end?
•	When are they expecting to see returns on that fund for their own investors?
•	What terms and RoI are they supposed to deliver to their investors?
•	What other companies have they invested in for that fund?
•	How many failures, successes and exits have they achieved so far with their fund?
•	Can I talk to owners of other companies in the fund and have you got contacts for them
A good VC should have all of this information on hand and a good entrepreneur founder should have these questions lined up if their getting to a term sheet with a VC. 






http://www.theequitykicker.com                brisbourne



Luck begets success and success begets success, so you are right.  As a VC you don’t get that many chances to be lucky though, so you have to maximise your chances of being fortunate by a) being smart and getting into places where you are more likely to be lucky, and b) working hard and being busy – so you are in more of those places






http://www.theequitykicker.com                brisbourne



Thanks for the feedback Alan.  We will endeavour to keep our posts more relevant to entrepreneurs.




Pingback: 50 questions: What does an LP look for in a venture capital fund manager? – Games Brief « Carl Costa()



Pingback: Hospitals invest in venture capital fund to spur R&D « FIND VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS()



Pingback: Vcequity.com – A windfall for entrepreneurs and startups « FIND VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS()





http://www.techfrill.com/                Paras Sharma



In coming years the industry is likely to mature very fast and have an industry model that is more or less apparent. this will somewhat change the way the venture capitalist invests. But the fundamental needs might remain the same. a great team capable of having open communication,up holding a deep vision. and a ready market.






http://www.theequitykicker.com                brisbourne



________________________________




Pingback: The 50 questions homepage - Games Brief()



Pingback: First steps in a new venture | Markus Grundmann()



Pingback: 50 questions: What does an LP look for in a venture capital fund manager? - Games Brief()



Pingback: How does the structure of the VC industry impact investment strategy? - Games Brief()



Pingback: Elevator Pitch: Josh Green of Mohr Davidow Ventures | SiliconBeat()



Pingback: Funding of the science-based startup | Reinventing The Idea Factory()





Mike Cautillo



Do you need any sort of designations to start a VC fund such as portfolio manger? Can a VC fund invest in stocks and currency…..how are they regulated??










Archives 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
May 2010
April 2010
March 2010
February 2010
January 2010
December 2009
November 2009
October 2009
September 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
May 2009
April 2009
March 2009
February 2009
January 2009
December 2008
November 2008
October 2008
September 2008
August 2008
July 2008
June 2008
May 2008
April 2008
March 2008
February 2008
January 2008
December 2007
November 2007
October 2007
September 2007
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2007
March 2007
February 2007
January 2007
December 2006
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
August 2006
July 2006
June 2006















 Latest Articles 

Google’s 5 Traits of Great Teams
July 28, 2017


Ten minutes mindfulness a day makes you a better leader
July 21, 2017


 


Get Social



SitemapMy Blog
About me
Subscribe
Archives




Blog Newsletter Sign Up  Enter your Email:    

 
Preview | Powered by FeedBlitz
 








© 2017 THE EQUITY KICKER.  












  

Nic Brisbourne 
Forward Partners
LinkedIn Profile

 Follow me on Twitter 



 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Eco Products Fund, L.P. | Clinton Foundation































Jump to navigation








Clinton Foundation 


Search



Search 





 


Explore the Clinton Foundation's Work

Our Work
Get Involved
Blog
Ways to Give
Donate
About
Media Center
Careers
Contact Us
 


Menu










Clinton Global InitiativeMember LoginFacebookTwitterYouTube 




About UsMission
Model
Commitments to Action

MeetingsCGI University
CGI Annual Meeting
CGI America
CGI Winter Meeting
CGI Latin America
CGI Middle East & Africa
Multimedia

Commitments
Stories
CGI U








Commitment to Action 



Eco Products Fund, L.P.



Commitment by


    Equator Environmental, LLC  





In 2007, Equator and New Forest committed to establish the Eco Products Fund, a $100 million fund for investment in carbon, wetlands, and biodiversity mitigation. The fund is primarily focused on opportunities within United States, but also intends to devote a portion of the capital to international endeavors. The Eco Products Fund has committed over $20 million to forest carbon and wetlands mitigation projects. The fund is aimed at realizing value from illiquid environmental assets such as carbon, water, and biodiversity, and to use innovative financial structures to represent the value of these critical services in the marketplace.






Share




 


Recent Stories








A Year in Review: 11 Inspiring Moments from 2016

    by Donna E. Shalala 

Dec 22, 2016 

Since 2001, the Clinton Foundation has worked to improve lives around the world and build upon President Clinton’s legacy of public service. 
Read More about A Year in Review: 11 Inspiring Moments from 2016







This week: The Foundation’s Programs at Work 

    by Donna E. Shalala 

Oct 28, 2016 

Here are the latest updates of some of the Foundation’s programs at work: 
Read More about This week: The Foundation’s Programs at Work 




View All Stories 
 






TabsOverviewSummary 
    Commitment  

    Eco Products Fund, L.P.  

    Launched  

    2007  

    Est. Duration  

    3 Years  

    Estimated Total Value  

    $100,000,000  
 
    Region  

    Latin America & Caribbean,   

    Asia,   

    Northern America  

    Countries  

    BRAZIL,   

    MALAYSIA,   

    United States  
 
    Commitment by  

    Equator Environmental, LLC  

    Partner(s) of the Commitment Maker(s)  

    Fundecor,   

    New Forests, Inc.  

Details

I. Equator Environmental will create a $100 million private equity fund to make investments in wetlands mitigation, endangered species conservation, carbon sequestration, water quality, and other ecosystem-based projects, and to monetize the value of such projects.  All investments will be based on land, forest or vegetation-based projects in North America.
Ecosystems provide many of the services upon which the global economy depends, such as water purification, biodiversity conservation and atmospheric climate regulation.  Globally, approximately 60% of 'ecosystem services' provided by nature are being used unsustainably or are in decline. Over the past twenty years, the amount of developed land has grown by 50% in the United States through increasing population and urbanization, creating pollution, water quality and other environmental problems.  The weight of the economy on the natural infrastructure of the U.S. has led to the pricing of ecosystems services.  Equator Environmental believes that by establishing a fund to invest in projects that preserve and enhance the viability of our ecosystems, we can have a direct impact on the preservation of our ecological assets. Equator also believes that by monetizing such assets through the creation of environmental credits and other 'eco products', we will be able to enhance the market value of our ecosystems, and create further incentives for environmental conservation.
II CGI's tremendous leadership over the past two years on environmental issues has helped inspire Equator Environmental to launch this fund, which is the first of its kind.
Measures of Success: Measures of success may include the growth of nascent markets (carbon, biodiversity, endangered species and water), creation of new financial platforms and instruments for these markets, and a rise in public awareness.
TIMELINE:
Anticipated Launch: December, 2007
First Milestone(s): Invest in at least one of each: terrestrial carbon sequestration project, wetlands mitigation project, endangered species project.
06/30/08:
Participants in this Activity: Members of Equator Environmental, LLC and New Forests Inc.


    Background  

The Eco-Products Fund will be jointly managed by Equator Environmental LLC and New Forests Inc.  Equator and New Forests bring together critical areas of expertise in underlying scientific and technical disciplines and in financial structuring, trading and commercialization of assets. In addition, the partnership creates a one stop shop with strengths in sourcing/origination, transaction management, and distribution.


    Partnership Opportunities  

SEEKING:  implementing partners, best practices information.
OFFERING:  financial resources, implementing partners, best practices information, media and marketing assistance.


Progress Reports

July 2008
The current flagship program of the commitment is the Duck's Unlimited Avoided Grassland Conversion Project in the Prairie Pothole Region.  The goal of the DU Avoided Grassland Conversion project is to protect the Prairie Pothole Region (of North Dakota, South Dakota and Montana) by placing perpetual conservation easements to avoid conversion to cropping. The Project aims to protect 30,000 acres by the end of 2009.
Milestones Reached:
- Currently, over 10,000 acres have been placed under easement or are pending acceptance by the National Fish and Wildlife Service.
- To date, the National Fish and Wildlife Service has never rejected any of Equator Environmental's proposed easements.


 






Explore More Ways to Take Action











Commitment to Action Yunus Social Business Incubates Social Businesses in Haiti


    Learn More  
















Commitment to Action American DreamBuilder: The Women's Business Creator


    Get Involved  
















Commitment to Action Caribbean Waste to Resources Platform Development


    Get Involved  





Browse All Commitments to Action 


From Around the Foundation

Next
Previous












Blog Post                          Stay up to date with the Clinton Foundation on Medium        
        

    Clinton Foundation  

June 26, 2017 
















Blog Post                          The Foundation at Work: Presidential Advice to Emerging Leaders and Improving Health in Our Communities        
        

    Donna E. Shalala  

March 6, 2017 
















Blog Post                          The Foundation at Work: Presidential Scholars Convene in D.C., CGI U announces 2017 Meeting in Boston, and a Day of Action to address Diaper Need in New York        
        

    Donna E. Shalala  

February 11, 2017 





View More Stories 



 







 










Engineered Wood Products | LP Building Products



























































Home
Careers
Where to Buy
Investor Relations
Contact Us









Menu






MAIN MENU

Products


View All Products


Framing


View All Framing Products

LP SolidStart LSL
LP SolidStart LVL
LP SolidStart I-Joists
LP SolidStart Rim Board
LP SolidGuard LSL



Panels


View All Panels Products

LP TechShield Radiant Barrier Sheathing
LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
LP LongLength and LongLength XL OSB Sheathing
LP OSB Sheathing
LP TopNotch Sub-Flooring
LP Legacy Sub-Flooring



Siding


View All Siding Products

LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP CanExel Prefinished Siding
LP ArmorStrand Substrate



Other Applications


View All Other Applications Products

LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP SuperStruct Furniture Panels
LP PurposeBuilt Overlays



Design Software


View All Design Software Products

LP Solutions Software
LP SolidStart Design Software
LP SolidStart Wood-E Design Software





Resources

Resources Page
Product Literature
Case Studies
LP University
CAD Details
Trade Shows
Industry Sites
Customer Center
Architect's Corner



Community

Community Page
EW Industry Blog
EW Magazine

Newsroom

Newsroom Page
Press Releases
Media Kit
Infographics



Share Your Story
Community Engagement



Sustainability

Sustainability Page
Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Sustainable Forestry
Economic Responsibility
Sustainability News



About LP

About LP Page
Values & Vision
LP Innovation
Executive Bios
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Locations
Contact Us


Where To Buy
Contact Us




















A COMPANY AND ITS PRODUCTS
ENGINEERED TO PERFORM
As a global leader in engineered wood products, LP is engineered to perform—both as a company and as a manufacturer of innovative products for the building industry. It's our exclusive focus on engineered wood products that makes all the difference. Read More





Architect's Corner
At LP, we are constantly engineering new products and rethinking how we can improve the current ones to meet the ways you want to design. It’s our mission to give architects the materials they need to meet codes and achieve their vision. And that’s why we have created a page just for architects. The resources you need are now right at your fingertips, in one place, at the Architect’s Corner.
See how our products are empowering architects





LP Products






Framing
Build stronger walls, sub-floors and structural support in your next construction project.









Panels
LP’s popular OSB sheathing products help builders construct high-performance structures.









Siding
Engineered durability with the style and beauty of traditional wood.









Other Applications
Find more innovative products from LP, including specially designed furniture panels and outdoor building products.










FitzGerald Associates Architects Meets Fire Codes With  LP® FlameBlock® Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
With roots dating back 95 years, FitzGerald Associates Architects maintains a portfolio full of master-planned communities; numerous new low-, mid-, and high-rise residential buildings; commercial and industrial facilities; banks; restaurants; retail spaces; and more than one hundred conversions and restorations of historic structures. When it comes to meeting fire codes with wood-framed construction, the company specifies LP® FlameBlock® Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing.
Read More






Community
Join our LP Community to share information and stories, and to network with others in the building industry. Get the latest LP news, event updates and blog posts all in one place.
Join Our Community






Sustainability
LP’s commitment to forestry and sustainable business is reflected daily in our relationships with forest owners, contractors and wood producers.
Learn More About LP Sustainability











