    Michael Gradon | AerCap Holdings N.V | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Michael Benjamin Gradon - Los Angeles, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael Benjamin Gradon in Los Angeles, CA


Michael Benjamin Gradon

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael Benjamin Gradon  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Los Angeles, CA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Michael Benjamin Gradon is in his 60s

Michael Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Dallas, TX
Lakewood, NJ

Michael's Relatives

Esther Gradon
Malkiel Gradon
Nachum Gradon
Rachel Rosengarten







Michael Benjamin Gradon



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Member of the Committee at The All England Lawn Tennis Club



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael Benjamin Gradon
Get a Criminal Check on Michael Benjamin Gradon
Get a Public Record Report on Michael Benjamin Gradon
Get a People Search Report on Michael Benjamin Gradon


Michael Benjamin Gradon's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael Benjamin Gradon has lived as well as Michael Benjamin Gradon's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael Benjamin Gradon Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Michael Benjamin Gradon


312314 N D****** S* 

Los Angeles, CA


Has Lived In

Los Angeles, CA
Dallas, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael Benjamin Gradon

(323) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael Benjamin Gradon



Get Email Report




Michael Benjamin Gradon's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Michael Benjamin Gradon's academic history.  Find out which schools Michael Benjamin Gradon attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Michael Benjamin Gradon received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael Benjamin Gradon Has Attended 1 School
University of Cambridge Michael Benjamin Gradon has a MA degree in Law               


Michael Benjamin Gradon's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael Benjamin Gradon's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael Benjamin Gradon has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael Benjamin Gradon Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: The All England Lawn Tennis Club
               Title: Member of the Committee
Company: Operating LLC
               Title: Board Member
Michael Benjamin Gradon's Experience
Title: Member of the Committee
               Company: The All England Lawn Tennis Club
Job Details
               The All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) runs the Wimbledon Championships, the premier tennis event in the world and played on grass. Blending tradition with innovation Wimbledon presents the beguiling spectacle of the supreme talent and athleticism of the world's best tennis players amid the timeless elegance and charm of tennis in an English country garden.  More than 450,000 people attend The Championships; 5.5 million unique uses follow events online, while an estimated worldwide audience of 562 million homes across 178 territories are able to view TV coverage of Wimbledon.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Operating LLC
Job Details
               1804 Operating provides a generous and comprehensive benefits package to all of our employees. We pay 90% of employee healthcare premiums and 60% of an employee's family premiums. We provide a $50,000 Group Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment policy, a Long-term Disability policy, and Short Term Disability insurance at no cost to employees. We also offer a 401(k) plan that matches up to 4% of your retirement savings and fully vests immediately. For certain positions in North Dakota, we provide on-site housing at no cost to our employees. Our skid shacks are clean, comfortable, and shared by two pumpers during our usual hitch of two week on/two weeks off (three weeks for the winter holidays). Our hitches begin on Tuesdays, so our field personnel can make the most of their weekends at home with family and friends. In addition, 1804 Operating provides pumpers with new Fire Resistant clothing upon hire and at certain points throughout the year. 1804 Operating is an equal opportunity employer. The Company does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, age, disability, religion, national origin, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.
Additional Professional Information on Michael Benjamin Gradon

 See Michael Benjamin Gradon's LinkedIn Profile



Michael Benjamin Gradon's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael Benjamin Gradon


Michael Benjamin Gradon's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael Benjamin Gradon's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Gradon
Username Matches

                  MichaelGradon
                  GradonMichael
                  Michael.Gradon
                  Gradon.Michael
                  Michael_Gradon
                  Gradon_Michael
                  Michael-Gradon
                  Gradon-Michael
                  MGradon
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Gradon







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Michael Graydon | Michael Graydon Pictures, Toronto Ontario

































m











  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















CORRECT: F&P Healthcare's Gradon sells almost one third of his shares, raising $3.1M to buy house - sharechat.co.nz

























Subscribe to our free Breaking News newsletters





















































CORRECT: F&P Healthcare's Gradon sells almost one third of his shares, raising $3.1M to buy house





        Wednesday 19th July 2017              

Text too small?


(Corrects to show Gradon also held shares in his own name)
Fisher & Paykel Healthcare managing director Lewis Gradon sold almost one third of his shares in the medical device maker, raising about $3.1 million to help buy a house.
Gradon sold 280,000 shares at $11.24 apiece yesterday, "to facilitate a house purchase," according to a disclosure notice sent to the NZX. The shares are held through Gradon Family Trust No. 1. He also holds 287,000 share options, 80,000 performance share rights, and 268,462 shares in his own name. The sale reduces his total holdings to 488,159.
Gradon, who replaced Michael Daniell as chief executive and managing director on April 1 last year, is a 32-year veteran with the company. For the year ended March 31, 2017, he received fixed pay of $948,265 and a performance-based component of $553,074. During the latest year, he was also issued with 72,000 options with a fair value of $159,000 and 24,000 performance share rights with a fair value of $161,000, according to the annual report.
Prior to being appointed CEO, Gradon has been senior vice president products & technology.
F&P Healthcare shares fell 1.8 percent to $11.05 and have gained 10.6 percent in the past 12 months. The stock has soared 470 percent in the past five years.
 
(BusinessDesk)








Comments from our readers
No comments yet Add your comment:




Your name:
 


Your email:
 Not displayed to the public


Comment:
 



Comments to Sharechat go through an approval process. Comments which are defamatory, abusive or in some way deemed inappropriate will not be approved. It is allowable to use some form of non-de-plume for your name, however we recommend real email addresses are used. Comments from free email addresses such as Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, etc may not be approved.




Anti-spam verification:
 Type the text you see in the image into the field below. You are asked to do this in order to verify that this enquiry is not being performed by an automated process.












 
Printable version



Related News

MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares fall; A2 Milk, TradeMe decline while Fletcher, MetroGlass gainFonterra Australia lifts its forecast payout for Australian suppliersNZ dollar dips against US dollar after greenback recovers some groundFonterra looks to expand its Africa footprintEthics clash sinks EY Business Journalism AwardsWool prices firm at NZ weekly auction, offering 'glimmer of hope'Silver Fern CEO Dean Hamilton steps downBrownlee's challenger, Raf Manji, pitches Christchurch for 2026 Commonwealth GamesBlis Technologies forecasts a maiden profit in current financial yearJuly 28th Morning Report 









Recent News:

28 Jul, 4:43pm
Ethics clash sinks EY Business Journalism Awards


28 Jul, 11:38am
Wool prices firm at NZ weekly auction, offering 'glimmer of hope'


28 Jul, 10:41am
Silver Fern CEO Dean Hamilton steps down


28 Jul, 10:40am
Brownlee's challenger, Raf Manji, pitches Christchurch for 2026 Commonwealth Games


28 Jul, 10:22am
Blis Technologies forecasts a maiden profit in current financial year


28 Jul, 8:51am
NZ dollar falls back below 75 US cents as US durable goods data helps greenback recover


28 Jul, 8:36am
While you were sleeping: UPS fails to deliver


28 Jul, 8:36am
NZX milk prices futures gain after Fonterra lifts 2018 forecast citing global dairy "rebalancing"


27 Jul, 5:32pm
MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares mixed, A2 at record while Fletcher, Tower recover, Sky City drops




FREE Sharemarket News by email










    Please select which newsletter(s) you wish to subscribe to:
  


 News Alerts
    

 Daily Summary (After the Bell)
    

 Morning Reports
    

Sign up

Unsubscribe/Update »

  All our newsletters are FREE to subscribe to and you can unsubscribe at any time. 




















          © Copyright 1997-2017 MoneyOnline Ltd & Investment Research Group Ltd.
          
          All Rights Reserved  |  Website design by 96black




News
Markets
Blogs
Investing
About
Contact



Subscribe to our free Breaking News newsletters





See IRG research reports

















Mr Richard Michael Gradon, 00131337 Limited | Director Profile & Information | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  Mr Richard Michael GradonAdd to ListKey InformationDirectorshipsNewsMapActive Directorships10Closed Directorships99Retired Directorships122Associated Gazette notices NationalityBritishMr Richard Michael Gradon's Profile
      Director of 00131337 Limited  Born:
      Available to DueDil Premium and Enterprise customers - start a free trial.
      Nationality: British  About 
The first position as a director we have on file for Mr Richard Michael Gradon was in 1923 at Belfast Steamship Company Limited - The.

His most recent directorship is with The Rother Meads Tennis and Games Club Limited    where he holds the position of "Company director".
  
      This company has been around since 13 Feb 1922        and lists its registered address as being in East Sussex.
 
In total, Richard has held 231 directorships, 
              10 of which are current, and 221 are no longer active.Related London Gazette notices at associated companies See directorshipsRelated DirectorsOfficer withatDave SmithWidgets & Things UK LtdIan DaviesWidgets & Things UK LtdNick DownieWidgets & Things UK LtdRelated DirectorsFind existing and previous co-directors.See sampleSocial MediaAdd Twitter account Add a Facebook page Add a LinkedIn profile Possible Matches Owen Brandon Director at Widgets R Not UsFull name and Date of Birth match. Owen Smith Director at Fantastic Widgets LimitedForename and Date of Birth match.Possible MatchesSometimes names are entered inconsistently. Find other directors with matching names and dates of birth.See sample
                    Find the decision makers at any company
            
                    Build lists across any market segment, find the relevant contacts and get in touch with ease.
            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×


Fisher & Paykel Healthcare appoints Lewis Gradon as new Managing Director and CEO | Medical Design and Outsourcing






































































Medical Design and OutsourcingJuly 29, 2017 


Medical Device Business

Mergers & Acquisitions
Financial
Regulatory


Applications

Cardiovascular
Devices
Imaging
Implantables
Medical Equipment
Orthopedic
Surgical


Technologies

Components
Electronics
Extrusions
Materials
Motion Control
Prototyping
Pumps
Tubing


Contract Manufacturing
Med Tech Resources

Print Subscription
Digital Editions
Events
Podcasts
Suppliers
Manufacturer Search
The Big 100
Webinars
Contact/About Us


Videos
Leadership

2016 Winners


Fisher & Paykel Healthcare appoints Lewis Gradon as new Managing Director and CEO
March 31, 2016  By Nic Abraham Leave a Comment Following the announcement in August 2015 that Michael Daniell would retire as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fisher & Paykel Healthcare, the company today advises that Lewis Gradon has now been appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, effective 1 April, 2016.
Mr Gradon has most recently served as the company’s Senior Vice President – Products & Technology, a role he has held since 2001. Prior to that time he was General Manager – Research & Development. “Lewis’ strong technology background, combined with his thorough understanding of the business and its markets means he is well placed to take the company forward as we continue to deliver on our consistent growth strategy,” says Chairman of the Board, Tony Carter.
The company also advises that Dr Andrew Somervell has been appointed Vice President – Products & Technology to fill the role previously held by Lewis Gradon.
Since joining Fisher & Paykel Healthcare in 2006, Dr Somervell has held various product development and operations management roles, and most recently was General Manager ‑ Product Groups. He has overseen the development of the OSA product range and managed research and development, marketing, clinical, manufacturing, and aspects of the supply chain. Before joining Fisher & Paykel Healthcare, Andrew was a Research Fellow at the University of Auckland, New Zealand, and holds a doctorate in physics from the same university.
“Andrew has been in senior roles with the company for 10 years, and in that time has contributed significantly to our product development, particularly in his most recent role as General Manager – Product Groups and prior to that, General Manager of the OSA product range,” says Mr Gradon. “I am pleased that Andrew is moving into this new role and am sure the team will flourish under his leadership.”
Mr Carter also acknowledged the significant contribution that Michael Daniell has made to the company. “Over the past 37 years Mike has filled a number of different roles within the company and has led the healthcare business since 1990,” says Mr Carter. “He has lead a team that has taken the company from a small medical division of an iconic New Zealand appliance manufacturer to the global leader in respiratory humidification, with a market capitalisation of more than 5 billion New Zealand dollars, more than 3,500 employees and over 730 million dollars in assets.”
Mr Daniell will remain a member of the company’s Board of Directors. In accordance with NZX Listing Rule 3.3.3(a), the Board has determined that Lewis Gradon is not an independent director by virtue of his executive position as Managing Director and Michael Daniell is not an independent director due to his transition from the role of Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director.
The factors that the Board considers in assessing the independence of directors are set out in the Board Charter, which can be viewed on the company’s website at www.fphcare.com/corporategovernance.
Fisher & Paykel Healthcare
fphcare.com

Filed Under: Personnel Announcements Tagged With: fisher&paykelhealthcare 
Speak Your Mind Cancel reply 
Name *
Email *
Website
 

 

 



MDO Digital Edition

Subscribe to Medical Design & Outsourcing. Bookmark, share and interact with the leading medical design engineering magazine today.
View Back IssuesSubscribe



 


 
DeviceTalks is a conversation among medical technology leaders. It's events, podcasts, webinars and one-on-one exchanges of ideas & insights.


 

Enewsletter Subscriptions


 

 Tweets by @MedTechDaily


 

MassDevice

The Medical Device Business Journal. MassDevice is the leading medical device news business journal telling the stories of the devices that save lives.


DeviceTalks

DeviceTalks is a conversation among medical technology leaders. It's events, podcasts, webinars and one-on-one exchanges of ideas & insights.


Subscribe Today

Medical Design & Outsourcing covers the technical advancements in the design, development, and contract manufacturing of medical devices and equipment.


Medical Design & Outsourcing

Advertising
About Us/Contact
Enews Sign Up
Subscribe to Medical Design and Outsourcing Magazine



Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2017  WTWH Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.








F&P Healthcare's Gradon sells almost half his shares | The National Business Review
























































































































Skip to main content













The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business






 


















Search form

Search 





 







.









F&P Healthcare's Gradon sells almost half his shares








Share
 











F&P Healthcare boss Lewis Gradon sold down his stake to buy a house
















Play NBR radio on 





 











 











 fphadd to my Stocks


FPH
 F&P Healthcare


		  $10.950		



                -0.080			
-0.736%


Volume: 891,122		








Fisher & Paykel Healthcare managing director Lewis Gradon sold almost one third of his shares in the medical device maker, raising about $3.1 million to help buy a house.
Gradon sold 280,000 shares at $11.24 apiece yesterday, "to facilitate a house purchase," according to a disclosure notice sent to the NZX. The shares are held through Gradon Family Trust No. 1. He also holds 287,000 share options, 80,000 performance share rights, and 268,462 shares in his own name. The sale reduces his total holdings to 488,159.
Gradon, who replaced Michael Daniell as chief executive and managing director on April 1 last year, is a 32-year veteran with the company. For the year ended March 31, 2017, he received fixed pay of $948,265 and a performance-based component of $553,074. During the latest year, he was also issued with 72,000 options with a fair value of $159,000 and 24,000 performance share rights with a fair value of $161,000, according to the annual report.
Prior to being appointed CEO, Gradon has been senior vice president products & technology.
F&P Healthcare shares fell 1.8 percent to $11.05 and have gained 10.6 percent in the past 12 months. The stock has soared 470 percent in the past five years.
(BusinessDesk)






                                        Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below.




This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags


Fisher & Paykel
manufacturing
Lewis Gradon











 





Related Articles: 










 
                ResMed amends US trade complaint against F&P Healthcare, other actions still proceeding      


Wed 17 May 17













 Paid content
                Earnings preview: what's going on with F&P Healthcare?      


Fri 19 May 17












 
                F&P Healthcare posts 18% gain in full-year profit on record sales, upbeat about 2018      


Mon 22 May 17

 1	













 Paid content
                F&P Healthcare's product pipeline expected to boost sales past $1b      


Mon 22 May 17
















 Comments & Questions    
Commenter icon key:  Subscriber  Verified



Post New comment or question

Your name 



Comment *


More information about text formatsPlain textNo HTML tags allowed.Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Lines and paragraphs break automatically.






Home page 


 







 




NZ Market Snapshot




Forex




Sym
Price
Change


USD
0.7508
0.0004

0.05%

AUD
0.9407
-0.0002

-0.02%

EUR
0.6393
-0.0024

-0.37%

GBP
0.5722
-0.0015

-0.26%

HKD
5.8657
0.0063

0.11%

JPY
83.1310
-0.2270

-0.27%




Commods




Commodity
Price
Change
Time


Gold Index
1269.4
10.490
2017-07-28T00:

Oil Brent
52.5
1.040
2017-07-28T00:

Oil Nymex
49.7
0.680
2017-07-28T00:

Silver Index
16.7
0.087
2017-07-28T00:




Indices


Symbol
Open
High
Last
%


NZX 50
7711.7
7711.8
7711.7

-0.94%

NASDAQ
6350.3
6379.7
6382.2

-0.12%

DAX
12151.4
12183.8
12212.0

-0.40%

DJI
21787.5
21841.2
21796.5

0.15%

FTSE
7443.0
7443.0
7443.0

-1.00%

HKSE
27008.0
27047.9
27131.2

-0.56%

NI225
20048.5
20056.2
20079.6

-0.60%

ASX
5785.0
5785.0
5785.0

-1.42%









 




Most Popular




Read


Trump says chief-of-staff Reince Priebus gone, replaced by John Kelly


Why NBR has withdrawn from EY business journalism awards


Media rally in support of NBR’s EY award stance  


NBR Rich List backlash the canary in the coal mine, pointing to an ‘anti-wealth’ election: commentator


Economy potentially set for bigger crash than GFC, ACT leader warns




Commented


 
  Why NBR has withdrawn from EY business journalism awards 

  NBR Rich List backlash the canary in the coal mine, pointing to an ‘anti-wealth’ election: commentator 

  Metiria’s strategy makes sense 

  Media rally in support of NBR’s EY award stance   

  Shareholder lobby wants Fletcher board to seek re-election after 'construction division debacle' 
 
 








Most listened to

What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions.
David Cohen notes the media's hypocrisy regarding Todd Barclay and Metiria Turei's scandals
Economy potentially set for bigger crash than GFC, ACT leader David Seymour warns
Hesketh Henry's Jim Roberts' discusses the implications of the Hynds employment ruling 
Andrew Hoggard on how the government's new immigration rules will have a damaging impact on farms across the country
NBR Radio: best of the week ended July 28, with Grant Walker
Only available on 






 











Features







NBR Rich List
Full results and analysis of the NBR Rich List 2017.


 




People Scene
Catching people out and about


 




Appointments
People in business


 




NBR Special Report
Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors


 

 











The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business




















Home
Meet Our Journos
Advertise
Help
Contact
Special Reports
Subscribe
Search
Log in
Log in
















 F&P Healthcare's Gradon sells almost half his shares






