
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Grafoid Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:31 PM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Grafoid Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Grafoid Inc., a graphene research, development, and investment company, manages and develops markets for processes that produce graphene. The company engages in the development of graphene joint ventures globally in the areas of renewable energy and portable energy storage, oil-spill recovery, water desalination and purification, advanced polymer materials, bio-medicine, thermal dispersion technologies, coatings, 3D printing materials, and various classified material development projects. Its graphene products are used in graphene lithium-iron phosphate batteries, graphene polymers and plastics, graphene foam, fuel cells, electrochemical capacitors, solar panels and solar cells, graphene foi...
Grafoid Inc., a graphene research, development, and investment company, manages and develops markets for processes that produce graphene. The company engages in the development of graphene joint ventures globally in the areas of renewable energy and portable energy storage, oil-spill recovery, water desalination and purification, advanced polymer materials, bio-medicine, thermal dispersion technologies, coatings, 3D printing materials, and various classified material development projects. Its graphene products are used in graphene lithium-iron phosphate batteries, graphene polymers and plastics, graphene foam, fuel cells, electrochemical capacitors, solar panels and solar cells, graphene foils, 3D printing materials, automotive, aerospace, chemicals, coatings and lubricants, thermal management, organic LED lighting, and medical applications. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Ottawa, Canada.
Detailed Description


130 Albert StreetSuite 912Ottawa, ON K1P 5G4CanadaFounded in 2011



Phone: 613-238-7417

Fax: 613-241-8632

www.grafoid.com







Key Executives for Grafoid Inc.




Mr. Gary Economo


      	Founding Partner, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Jeffrey York


      	Founding Partner and Chairman of the Board 
      


Age: 53
        







Dr. Gordon Chiu B.Sci., MSci, f-MSTP, ND


      	Co-Founder and Director
      








Ms. Judith Mazvihwa-MacLean CMA, MBA, MSc, BSc


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Wayne Onello


      	Vice President of Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Grafoid Inc. Key Developments

Grafoid Appoints Florina Truica-Marasescu as Director of Technology for Grafcoat Inc
Apr 5 17
Grafoid Inc. announced the appointment of Dr. Florina Truica-Marasescu as Director of Technology of Grafcoat Inc. – the Company’s GrafeneX graphene industrial coatings division. Dr. Truica-Marasescu is the inventor of the GrafeneX platform of novel technologies. With 17 years experience in academic research and R&D in the fields of surface sciences, surface and interface engineering, nanotechnologies, material and analytical sciences, and plasma-assisted processes. She is also a member of Quebec’s Order of Engineers.


Grafoid Inc. Announces Executive Changes
Apr 4 17
Grafoid Inc. announce the appointment of Normand (Norm) Major as Chief Technology Officer and its related companies and subsidiaries. His appointment is effective April 17, 2017. Mr. Major, a former Director of Engineering at San Jose, Cisco Systems Inc., has a significant history in both product development and business development. He replaces Dr. Gordon Chiu as CTO who has resigned to pursue other interests as Grafoid has transitioned from the research to the commercialization stage.


Grafoid Inc. Introduces Ion Selective GPURE Graphene Polymer Membrane for Lithium-Ion Battery Electrode Protection
Mar 14 17
Grafoid Inc. announced the development of its GPURE Graphene Polymer nano-porous membrane intended for next generation Li-Ion battery applications. The GPURE graphene polymer membrane (GPM) technology is the seventh graphene-based companion to the company's expanding GPURE Platform of new, high performing, ultra-thin materials for diverse industrial applications. The GPURE GPM product was developed as a chemically inert, freestanding membrane using graphene composites to test ion selectivity using both monovalent and divalent ions. Ion selectivity is a key requirement for a semi permeable membrane in a Li-ion battery structure.By protecting the chemically sensitive electrode materials from unwanted chemical species GPURE GPM diffuses only energy harvesting monovalent ions such as Li+, Na+ etc. Conventional membranes lack such unique property. GPURE membranes include- GPURE (A) - A high performing, free-standing membrane developed for water desalination applications, GPURE (B) - A stable, large area membrane developed for wastewater filtration suitable for very high temperature operating applications, GPURE (C) - A large area free-standing membrane developed for water filtration pre-treatment and may be suitable for use in gas separation applications and may be used as a lightweight component for automotive and sports equipment applications, GPURE (D) - A large area membrane that may be used for gas separation and sensing applications, GPURE (E) - A large area membrane intended for use in gas separation applications, GPURE (F) - May be applied as a graphene varnish for wood surfaces to protect against moisture, UV light and high temperatures.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 6227945 Canada, Inc. Americas 9949941 Canada Inc Americas A-Z Sponge & Foam Products Ltd Americas AB Fertilizer Inc. Americas Acadian Seaplants Limited Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Grafoid Inc., please visit www.grafoid.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


 



















Grafoid Inc. - World Leader of the New Era in Graphene




































































































































































 











	here debug-> :lcxx11542
	

 


GrapheneInvesting News 





Your trusted source for investing success




Graphene 




Member? Login

























 



Menu











 







Request an Investor Kit: GrafoidBy completing this form, you are giving consent to receive email from Grafoid. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time.
This profile is part of a investor education campaign. The profile provides detailed information which was sourced and approved by Grafoid Inc. in order to help investors make better investment decisions. The Company’s support of Investing News Network ensures we can continue to bring you unbiased, independent news and information.
Resource Investing News Featured Stock




Grafoid Inc. – World Leader of the New Era in Graphene



Overview
Grafoid Inc. is a privately held graphene research, development and investment company. Grafoid’s mine-to-market business model, top-notch research and development facilities, and strategic partnerships have made the company an established leader in innovative graphene application development. Grafoid’s patented one-step process for converting graphite to high- purity Mesograf™ graphene is low cost, environmentally friendly, and capable of large-scale production.
Graphene, a two-dimensional nanomaterial, is widely recognized as a revolutionary, potential game-changer across every industrial sector. Grafoid is leading the revolution in changing how we live, work and play.

The Australian patent office, IP Australia, ruled on the validity of Grafoid’s graphite ore-to-graphene production process in August 2016, marking the second time a national government has ruled on the patent application. The ruling negates an Australian graphite mining company’s claim to be the inventor of the world’s first industrial-scale graphene production directly from raw graphite ore using electrochemical charging. The US government granted Patent 9221867 to the inventors of the process, Grafoid’s Founding Partner, President and Chief Operating Officer Gordon Chiu, and the National University of Singapore’s Loh Kian Ping and Junzhong Wang, in December 2015.
The university has granted exclusive license to Singapore-based Graphite Zero Pte. Ltd. for worldwide production rights for graphene products using the Mesograf™ name. Grafoid, the exclusive global marketing and sales agent for Mesograf™-based products, holds a majority ownership in Graphite Zero, which produces Mesograf™ in Singapore and at Grafoid’s Global Technology Centre in Kingston, Ontario.
“The ruling stands as a precedent-setting victory that our invention can be protected in any jurisdiction,” said Chiu. “The grant of patent is a clear indication that no other claims can even come close to our discovery.”
Investing Highlights

Established global leader in graphene innovation.
One-step, no harsh chemicals process means low-cost, high-purity graphene.
Creating a global platform to deliver mine-to-market products.
Grafoid is currently the world’s largest producer of graphene.
Patented MesoGraf™ sets the global standard for graphene.
World-class 220,000-square-foot, state-of-the-art technology research and development (R&D) center will house the first fully-operational Mesograf™ graphene production facility in North America.
Establishing joint-venture relationships for the development of next-generation products.
Grafoid has and will continue to sell Mesograf™ to joint-venture partners; royalties will primarily drive revenue.
Raised about $30 million in private equity and government funding.

Industrial Market for Graphene Applications
The thinnest material known to science, graphene is also surprisingly the strongest material ever measured. The carbon-based super material is the most impermeable material on Earth. It is highly flexible, incredibly light and energy efficient with record thermal and electrical conductivity. These unique qualities make it a perfect material for a wide range of industrial-scale applications for the automotive, energy, plastics/polymers, aerospace and medical sectors, in addition to water treatment, computing and electronics sectors.
Key applications for graphene include batteries, fuel cells, solar panels/cells, electrochemical capacitors, automotive bumpers, smartphone screens, LED lighting, medical devices and 3D printing materials.
The graphene market is expected to expand dramatically after 2017 with a 60 percent compound annual growth rate between 2015 and 2020. Globally, more than 200 major corporations across Europe, North America and Asia are investing billions of dollars in graphene R&D as they compete for a major role in the commercialization of this strategically important material.
The successful commercialization of graphene depends on three primary factors:

Unlimited access to a secure source of high-grade, high-quality graphite;
Ability to produce near pristine graphene on an economically scalable basis; and
Building strategic partnerships with the right players to develop the right applications.

Grafoid excels in all three of these areas and is advancing toward commercialization.
“The key vendors dominating this (graphene) market space are BASF, Grafoid Inc, IBM Corp, and Samsung Electronics Co.” – Global Graphene Markets 2012-2016 Infiniti Research Limited, October 2013.
Secure Source: Offtake Agreements with Focus Graphite
Grafoid largest shareholder (7.9 million Grafoid common shares) is Focus Graphite Inc. (TSXV:FMS), an advanced stage graphite mining company heading towards production at its Lac Knife graphite project located in Québec, Canada. Lac Knife, one of the highest-grade flake graphite deposits in the world, hosts a Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate of 9.58 million tonnes grading 14.77 percent graphitic carbon as natural flake graphite with an additional Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate of 3.1 million tonnes grading 13.25 percent graphitic carbon.
Conductivity test findings in March 2016 demonstrated that using Lac Knife graphite in both the anodes and cathodes of lithium-ion batteries enhanced overall battery efficiencies, including increased power, higher capacity, longer battery life and increased utilization of cathode active materials, leaving Focus Graphite well positioned to compete internationally. Focus Graphite’s proprietary process has also purified fine flake graphite sourced at Lac Knife to a 99.99 percent purity, making it ideal for the next generation of lithium-ion batteries. The high-purity graphite concentrate produced from Lac Knife graphite makes it ideally-suited for Grafoid’s Mesograf™ one-step production process.
In June 2015, Grafoid and Focus Graphite signed two industry-first offtake agreements. The first offtake agreement, dubbed the “Graphene Offtake,” commits Grafoid to acquire up to a maximum of 1,000 tonnes of high-purity, large flake graphite concentrate annually for 10 years. The Graphene Offtake will supply Grafoid with materials for a range of next-generation graphene-based batteries (automotive and consumer electronics) and energy storage applications.
The second offtake agreement, the “Polymer Offtake,” commits Grafoid to acquire up to 25,000 tonnes of high-purity graphite concentrate annually for 10 years. The Polymer Offtake will supply Grafoid with material for a range of graphite-based polymer applications for the automotive and aerospace industry. The patented graphite-polymer process for fabricating such applications was developed by Grafoid’s wholly owned subsidiary, Graflow Inc., in partnership with Rutgers University’s Advanced Polymer Materials School of Engineering (AMIPP).
Economically Scalable Process: Patent One-Step Production for Mesograf™
In May 2013, Grafoid unveiled its unique graphite-to-Mesograf™ processing technology for which it controls the exclusive global license. Co-developed by Grafoid’s President, Chief Technology Officer and Founding Partner, Gordon Chiu, Mesograf™ production involves a unique one-step, environmentally sustainable process that extracts atom-thin graphene sheets directly from graphite ore.
The high costs associated with complex, energy-intensive production processes have been a major obstacle for the large-scale adoption of graphene. Traditional methods of producing graphene involve time-consuming stages, harsh chemicals and high costs. Grafoid’s one-step process eliminates unnecessary, energy-consuming steps to create low-cost graphene products that can be tailored to specific industrial, commercial, military, biomedical and humanitarian applications.
“The graphene market depends on the development of applications that involve combining graphene with other materials to improve and evolve technology,” explained Chester Burtt, Grafoid’s Director of Communications and Government Affairs. “The market will not move forward without these applications. But production must be economical or it will never be adopted by business. Our process for developing graphene-based products is very cost effective compared to the traditional, costly processes that involve the use of harsh chemicals that don’t lend themselves to quick production as our process does.”
This distinction is what makes Mesograf™ a game-changer; providing companies with a low-cost, high-purity graphene material for use in a wide variety of products. Grafoid’s ability to produce high-quality graphene suitable for diverse applications means the company doesn’t depend on the success of one niche industry and can generate revenue from every sector.
Core Attributes of Mesograf™

Low Cost—The simple nature of the Mesograf™ production process has the potential to position Grafoid as the lowest-cost producer of graphene.
High Purity—The Mesograf™ proprietary process produces near pristine condition graphene that retains its inherent high-energy density and physical integrity.
High Yield—Graphene yields resulting from Mesograf’s one-step production process are 500 percent greater than traditional extraction methods.
Scalable—Grafoid can produce Mesograf™ on a scalable production basis. Guaranteeing large-scale supply is critical for commercial and industrial graphene applications.
Versatile—Mesograf™ has the potential to be adapted to the broadest possible range of industrial and consumer product applications.
Environmentally Sustainable—The separation agents used in the Mesograf™ process create a reaction that is safe and nontoxic. Strong acids are avoided, reaction agents are recyclable, and the chemistry is non-oxidative and non-explosive.

Grafoid Global Technology Centre 
Mesograf™ is the world’s first trademarked graphene and is produced by Grafoid at its state-of-the-art technology R&D facility, the Grafoid Global Technology Centre (GGTC) located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The world-class facility is the first of its kind in North America and also hosts production facilities, testing laboratories and some of Grafoid’s application developments via its joint-venture partnerships. At GGTC innovations in graphene applications are taken from concept, through development, engineering and prototype testing into production.
“The Grafoid Global Technology Centre will become a hub, unique in the world, for our joint-venture industrial and academic partners, and for industries to develop, engineer and adapt graphene and other advanced technologies into their production portfolios,” said Grafoid Co-Founder and CEO, Gary Economo.
Grafoid’s success with the development of Mesograf™ has allowed the company to launch a unique Global Platform of joint-venture partnerships for the development of a variety of next-generation graphene products. These partnerships include the sale of Mesograf™ to Grafoid’s joint-venture partners and royalties for the company on the sale of developed products.
Strategic Partnerships: Advancing Toward Commercialization
Green Energy Business Alliance
Promising to invent a new business approach for the green energy economy, Grafoid formalized its Green Energy Business Alliance, known as the 2GL Platform, with Focus Graphite, Stria Lithium Inc. and Braille Battery Inc. in May 2016. The collaborative agreement integrates graphene, graphite, lithium and battery innovation, creating a shared vision and direction for the development of materials, technologies and processes critical for next-generation energy applications.
The alliance incorporates a mine-to-market next generation energy production and storage supply chain. Grafoid will provide high-performing graphene, while Focus Graphite will supply battery-grade graphite. Stria Lithium will supply lithium metal and lithium foil, and Braille Battery will run battery production and sales. Research and development will be coordinated through Grafoid’s Kingston, Ontario-based Global Technology Center.
Extended Market Reach
Marking the beginning of a crucial turning point in Grafoid’s global technology enterprise platform expansion, the company signed a memorandum of understanding in March 2016 to enter a strategic joint venture partnership with Xiamen Tungsten Co. Ltd. The publicly traded company, listed on the Shanghai Exchange, is China’s largest producer and exporter of tungsten products. The agreement establishes terms for Xiamen’s acquisition of up to a 20-percent equity position in Grafoid through the purchase of common shares – including up to seven million Grafoid common shares currently held by Focus Graphite.
“This future alliance bodes well for Grafoid and Xiamen, our affiliates and our shareholders,” said Jeffrey York, Grafoid’s Chairman and Founding Partner. We feel very fortunate indeed to have taken our first expansionary step into China with a formidable and well-established technology materials producer.”
The parties have agreed to establish their joint venture in China for the production of Grafoid’s marketed suite of Mesograf™ and Amphioxide™ based products to be used in the development of commercial graphene applications for the Chinese market such as: GrafeneX™ coatings for glass, aluminum and other materials, solar energy creation, low-loss wiring cable, lithium-based batteries, ultra capacitors, fuel cells for the energy storage market and catalyst materials.
Partnerships
Grafoid has partnered with industry leaders worldwide to advance projects to market through joint ventures. Grafoid is engaged in 17 such joint-venture partnerships that include high-profile multinational corporations, institutions and government agencies.
“Our unique one-step process produces high-purity, low-cost graphene on a large scale,” stated Burtt. “No other company has come close to our trademarked Mesograf™—the suite of products we’ve developed to address graphene application needs across a broad spectrum of industries.”
Grafoid’s partnerships represent a diverse group of Mesograf™ applications
Graphene LFP Batteries: Fuel Cells, Automotive
Graphene Polymers and Plastics: Aerospace, Chemicals
Electrochemical Capacitors: Graphene Foils, Medical
3D Printing Materials: Thermal Management, Graphene Foam
Coatings and Lubricants: Organic LED Lighting, Solar Panels and Solar Cells
Mitsui & Co., Ltd.—Japanese Market
Through its partnership with Mitsui, Grafoid is functionalizing Mesograf™ for specific Japanese market applications. With Mitsui’s participation, Grafoid is in the process of completing a countrywide market study to determine the size potential of Mesograf™ sales in Japan.
Hydro-Québec—Canada’s largest electricity producer
Grafoid has partnered with Hydro-Québec’s research institute, IREQ, a global leader in the development of advanced battery materials used by some of the world’s most successful battery manufacturers and materials suppliers. Grafoid and IREQ have jointly developed a new composite material to produce next-generation quick-charge, longer-life Mesograf™ lithium-iron graphene batteries for the consumer electronics and electric vehicle markets. Patents have been filed.
Rutgers University—Combining graphene with polymers
Rutgers University’s Advanced Polymer Materials Center AMIPP is a globally recognized leader in the material sciences. Founded as a Research Excellence Center by the State of New Jersey and Rutgers University, the goal of AMIPP is to generate new technologies, materials and products for commercialization. Grafoid’s joint venture with AMIPP combines graphene with polymers to produce lighter, stronger plastics. Together, Rutgers and Grafoid are working to produce advanced graphene-plastic materials.
University of Waterloo—Fuel cells, energy storage and water treatment technology
Grafoid and the University of Waterloo, ranked one of Canada’s most innovative universities, are investigating graphene substitutions for graphite in fuel cells, supercapacitors and ultra capacitors; high-performance graphene electrochemical energy storage systems for the automotive and portable electronics sectors; as well as the use of Mesograf™ in wet or dry oil-spill recovery and water treatment, filtration and desalination projects. Patents have been filed.
Phos Solar Systems—Solar energy systems
Phos Solar Systems designs full-spectrum solar energy systems. Grafoid’s joint venture with Phos is developing thermal management solutions for standalone solar systems, integrating Mesograf™ in solar panels.
Government support
The European Union, Canada, the United States, China and South Korea are providing funding assistance to privately-held graphene enterprises.
In North America, both the US and Canadian governments acknowledge the long-term economic importance of supporting graphene R&D. Grafoid and its joint-venture partners are actively pursuing available federal grants and partnering initiatives with government agencies. Grafoid’s joint venture with Rutgers University has received $1.8 million from the US Office of Naval Research.
In February 2015, the Government of Canada contributed $8.1 million in grant funding through Sustainable Development Technology Canada towards an automated Mesograf™ production system.
“[The] $8.1 million federal government funding grant enables us to take a giant leap towards graphene’s broader commercialization,” commented Economo. “It will permit us to increase Mesograf™ production output from kilograms to tonnes within our global technology center in Kingston, Ontario.”
Management
Jeffrey York—Chairman of the Board and Founding Partner
Jeffrey York is currently CEO of Farm Boy Inc., an Ontario-based food store chain known for its quality products and farm fresh produce. Farm Boy was named one of the best-managed companies in Canada in 2011. He also serves as Chairman of Focus Graphite Inc. A chartered accountant, York began his professional career with Ward Mallette, Chartered Accountants, before joining Giant Tiger Stores Ltd., a regional retail chain that grew under his leadership into a national, billion-dollar company. During his 20 years with Giant Tiger, he served as President and CEO of the company for 10 years. York is an active member of the Young Presidents Organization and has been involved in that executive network since 2002. As a founding partner and Chairman of the Board, he is actively involved in the shaping of the company’s business growth and development. York graduated from Princeton University in 1986 with a degree in Economics and obtained his Chartered Accountant designation in 1989.
Gary Economo—Chief Executive Officer, Director and Founding Partner
Gary Economo has a distinguished business leadership career, serving as CEO for a number of public and private high-technology companies during the last 20 years. Economo enjoys a long history of graphite marketing and sales for high-tech applications. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Focus Graphite Inc., a company he founded with Jeffrey York. Over the span of his business career, Economo provided strategic consulting and representation services to technology companies in North America and Asia. In particular, he has a track record of success and expertise in building shareholder value when tasked with bringing discovery companies to market. Born in Greece and raised in Montreal, Economo is trilingual and lives with his family in Ottawa.
Dr. Gordon Chiu, B.Sc., MSc, f-MSTP, ND—President, Chief Technology Officer, Director and Founding Partner
Described as an “execution-driven businessman,” Gordon Chiu has combined domestic and international experience in the biomedical, chemical, cosmetic, medical, and technology industries. As President, Chief Technology Officer and co-founder of Grafoid Inc., Chiu is engaged in the discovery and research of graphene on behalf of Grafoid, as well as the development of graphene applications with Grafoid’s joint venture application development partners. He is also Focus Graphite Inc.’s Chief Scientist. Chiu is a former research scientist at Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., Inc. and has healthcare and marketing experience with strong links to Wall Street and Asia. He holds a B.Sc. degree summa cum laude in chemistry from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, graduated with a M.Sc. degree in chemistry from Seton Hall University with honors, and is globally distinguished by his acceptance as an MD/PhD candidate under the National Institutes of Health’s Medical Scientist Training Program (MSTP) at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Chiu jointly combined his cumulative training with a Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine (ND) degree from the University of Bridgeport.
Judith Mazvihwa-MacLean—Chief Financial Officer
An Ottawa-based geologist and accountant, Judith Mazvihwa-MacLean has more than 16 years of experience in mineral exploration, mining, management, and corporate finance. She is also the Chief Financial Officer at Focus Graphite Inc. Prior to joining Focus Graphite, Mazvihwa-MacLean was the CFO for Golden Harp Resources Ltd., Logan Resources Ltd., and Acme Resources Ltd. (formerly, International KRL Resources Corp.) and also served as a member of the Board for both Logan Resources Ltd. and Acme Resources Ltd. Mazvihwa-MacLean has a significant academic background. She holds a B.Sc. (Geology) from the University of Zimbabwe, a M.Sc. from Brunel University in England and earned her MBA at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia. She was accredited a Certified Management Accountant by the Certified Management Accountants Society of British Columbia.
Chester Burtt—Director of Communications and Government Affairs
Chester Burtt brings more than 30 years of sophisticated corporate and political communications-related experience to Grafoid. He is President of Chester Burtt & Associates Ltd. (“CBAL”), a corporate and public affairs advisory firm that specializes in connecting private and public companies with domestic and international opportunities. CBAL also arranges for the provision and supply of financial services in mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures. Working through an international network and associate firms, CBAL has a 25-year history of offering a full range of services to assist companies with strategy development and decisions to best suit their investor and corporate relations. Burtt graduated with a B.A. (Honors) from Waterloo Lutheran University and an M.A. from Wilfrid Laurier University in Political Science. He also sits on the Board of Directors of Focus Graphite Inc.
Wayne Onello—Vice President of Operations
As a member of Grafoid’s management team, Wayne Onello brings many years of management and leadership experience. Prior to joining Grafoid in 2013, Onello spent more than 10 years with the United States Department of Homeland Security. In his role as Vice President of Operations, he is actively involved in Grafoid’s business development, mergers and acquisitions, and overseeing the production process within the company’s North American operations, which includes securing Grafoid’s proprietary technologies and access throughout the supply chain. Onello graduated from St. Peter’s University with a B.S. degree in Marketing and Economics.
Thomas H. Cruikshank—Strategic Advisor
Thomas H. Cruikshank served as Chief Executive Officer of the Halliburton Company from 1983 to 1995, where he also served as Halliburton’s President from 1983 to 1989 and Chairman from 1989 to 1995. Cruikshank joined Halliburton in 1969 and served as a Director from 1977 to 1996. Founded in 1919, Texas-based Halliburton is one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the energy industry, with more than 75,000 employees, representing 140 nationalities in more than 80 countries. The Honorable Richard (Dick) B. Cheney — who later served as the 46th Vice-President of the United States of America — succeeded Cruikshank as Chief Executive Officer and subsequently, Chairman of Halliburton in October 1995. Cruikshank’s distinguished business career spans more than 50 years. Prior to joining Halliburton, he was a manager with the accounting firm Arthur Andersen & Co and, after serving his country as an officer in the United States Navy at the end of the Korean War, joined the international law firm Vinson & Elkins where he became a Partner. Cruikshank has served on the Board of Directors for a number of high-profile public companies, including The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, The Williams Companies, Inc., Seagull Energy Corporation, Central and South West Corporation, and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. His directorships also included the American Petroleum Institute and the Petroleum Equipment Suppliers Association, as well as several nonprofit organizations, such as Junior Achievement, Up with People, Rice University and the California Institute of Technology. Cruikshank holds a degree in Business and Economics from Rice University and attended the University of Texas and the University of Houston law schools.
Request an Investor Kit: GrafoidBy completing this form, you are giving consent to receive email from Grafoid. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time.
Related PostsNoram Ventures





 
Request an Investor Kit:GrafoidBy completing this form, you are giving consent to receive email from Grafoid. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time.

 
 





 
Share Structure 
 Tweets by @GRAFOID

 Company WebsiteVisit the Grafoid website
 In the MediaGrafoid Featured in Investor Intel
 In the NewsStria Announces Closing of $200,000 Private PlacementInvesting in Graphene CompaniesFocus Graphite Closes Non-Brokered Flow-Through Private PlacementFocus Graphite Holds First Closing of a Non-Brokered Private Placement for $236,2505 Top Graphite Stocks Up in 2017Focus Graphite Announces Third Closing of Private Placement for $1,113,525Grafoid Appoints Plasma Physicist Dr. Florina Truica-Marasescu as Director of Technology For its Graphene Coatings DivisionGrafoid Appoints Norm Major, a Former Director of Engineering at Cisco Systems, as Chief Technology Officer
  


 


Enter Your Log In Credentials



Email



Password

  Remember Me


 
 Create New Password
No password? Sign up


×


Privacy & Legal Policy
Privacy Policy
×






 


 
Investing News Network




 

























 































Grafoid Inc.

































Streetwise Reports The Gold Report The Energy Report The Life Sciences Report


The Gold ReportThe Energy ReportThe Life Sciences Report






































                
                    Grafoid Inc.
                










                Grafoid Inc. is a privately held graphene research, development and investment company partnered with Focus Graphite Inc., owner of the high-grade Lac Knife technology graphite deposit in Quebec. Grafoid invests in, manages and develops markets for processes that produce economically scalable, high-purity graphene used for industrial-scale applications by leading corporations and institutions. The company's leading investment produces high-energy, few-layer graphene from a safe, stable graphite ore-to-graphene transformation process that leaves the lowest possible ecological footprint. This game-changing process sets the global standard for economically scalable graphene products using MesoGraf, the first globally trademarked graphene that can be tailored to both industrial and commercial applications.
            

read more











                        View Company News
                        





                        Visit Company Website
                        



















The information provided above is from analysts, newsletters, the company and other contributors. 

Grafoid Inc. is a former sponsor of Streetwise Reports. The company's sponsorship fees paid for Streetwise Reports to create this "Investor Summary Page," to which links were placed on Streetwise Reports' websites and newsletters. Streetwise Reports did not accept stock for the payment of fees.   See disclaimer for more details. 

The company description, investing highlights and catalyst calendar on this page were prepared by the company. The Expert Comments and Experts Following This Company sections of this page are compiled by Streetwise Reports. There may be other information about the company that is not placed on this page. Streetwise Reports does not guarantee the accuracy or thoroughness of the information contained on this page.

The Expert Opinions above are excerpted from third-party sources not affiliated with or controlled by Streetwise Reports.  The statements or opinions expressed in the Expert Opinions above are those of the authors indicated, and Streetwise Reports has not verified the accuracy of material excerpted here.

Streetwise Reports does not provide investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security.Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports.

Readers should conduct their own research for all information publicly available concerning the company.

























 Grafoid Inc. Content 










Grafoid's YouTube Page








TheStar.com: "Can your supermaterial do this?"








TheStar.com: "The supermaterial that could launch a revolution" 








Grafoid at a Glance (10/9/14)








Grafoid at a Glance (11/13/13)








Why Grafoid? (10/31/13)








Grafoid CEO Dr. Gordon Chiu on JV Developments of the Grafoid/Hydro-Québec Program








"The Graphene Battery: No longer a domesticated pet sitting at the foot of its Li-ion Battery master?"








GRAFOID Inc. Officially Opens its MesoGraf Production Facilities















SubscribeAboutDisclaimerContactSponsorshipSyndicationCareersPolicies




© 2017 Streetwise Reports. All rights reserved.
Streetwise Reports is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.





















Grafoid Inc. Wins the Kingston Chamber of Commerce “New Business of the Year Award” 2014 While Grafoid’s Braille Battery, Inc. Wins SEMA’s New Product of the Year | Grafoid























































 




Grafoid
Home
Our Story

About Grafoid
MesoGraf™
Why Grafoid?
Management & Directors


Videos
Partners
Presentations

Grafoid At A Glance
Grafoid Corporate Presentation
GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE


News

GRAFOID News Releases
GRAFOID Newsletters
Media Coverage
Industry News


Contact






Go To... Home Our Story- About Grafoid- MesoGraf™- Why Grafoid?- Management & Directors Videos Partners Presentations- Grafoid At A Glance- Grafoid Corporate Presentation- GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE News- GRAFOID News Releases- GRAFOID Newsletters- Media Coverage- Industry News Contact










Grafoid Inc. Wins the Kingston Chamber of Commerce “New Business of the Year Award” 2014 While Grafoid’s Braille Battery, Inc. Wins SEMA’s New Product of the Year



November 12, 2014 News Releases 

KINGSTON, Ontario (November 12, 2014) – Grafoid Inc. is pleased and honoured to announce its recent win of the 2014 New Business of the Year by the Kingston Chamber of Commerce. The Award was presented at the Chamber’s 19th annual Business Achievement Awards Gala.
Nominations were solicited from members of the Kingston business community and a judging panel of community partners and Chamber volunteers select the award winners.
Grafoid, a complete solutions graphene company, held the official opening of its 225,000 square foot Global Technology Centre (GTC) in Kingston, on August 20, 2014 and in doing so, began the consolidation of its diverse scientific, engineering, production and operating entities under one roof.
The GTC is home to an array of Grafoid’s innovative developments including next generation graphene automotive batteries and supercapacitors; graphene-infused polymers and metal powders (additive materials) for industrial-scale 3D printing; graphene coatings and paints; bulletproof and fireproof protective clothing; sports equipment; wiring and cabling; graphene foils and other graphene ventures and joint ventures.
The GTC’s centerpiece, however, is Grafoid’s MesoGraf™ graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives production centre.
“This year has been one of remarkable achievements for Grafoid and our staff, our science and especially our advances towards graphene’s commercialization,” said Founding Partner and Chief Executive Officer Gary Economo.
“We were deeply honoured to have been nominated as New Business of the Year by the Kingston Chamber of Commerce, and now, even more so after winning this prestigious award,” Mr. Economo said.
The business award was the first of two significant achievements.  Grafoid’s subsidiary, Braille Battery, Inc. of Sarasota, Florida won the Global Media Award for Best Product at the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA) convention in Las Vegas for its GreenLite G20 lithium starting battery.
Braille Battery, acquired by Grafoid to develop a first-to-market high performance graphene li-ion automotive battery, developed the first lithium starter battery. It continues to be the global market leader in ultra-lightweight high performance batteries for the racing industry.
It was Braille’s fourth consecutive SEMA win in the Best New Product category because of the company’s ongoing development of new products for street and track.
SEMA’s membership includes more than 6,300 companies worldwide including original and aftermarket equipment manufacturers, distributors and automotive specialists serving a $30 billion annual market.
Mr. Economo, in congratulating Braille on its SEMA award said: “This latest win underscores Grafoid’s decision to pair its MesoGraf™ graphene with Braille’s innovative lithium battery materials, manufacturing capabilities and its global market penetration.
“In commercial terms, the competitive advantages of a wholly-owned, vertically integrated graphene supply chain are significant. They lead to R&D cost efficiencies and hold the potential ultimately, to maintain wide margins while reducing costs to consumers,” Mr. Economo said.
Braille Battery, Inc. was acquired by Grafoid on September 2, 2014.
About Braille Battery, Inc.
Founded in 2002 by Mr. Blake Fuller, Braille Battery is a pioneering battery manufacturing and energy storage solutions company with a complete line of lightweight high powered battery systems for the transportation market. Braille developed the world’s first commercially available automotive lithium starting battery and has grown to become the highest volume producer of automotive lithium starting batteries.
With a rich history dominating motorsports from NASCAR to IndyCar, Braille has developed solutions that are applicable to the demanding, highly profitable specialty automotive, marine, defense, medical, and aerospace markets. With international patents pending on over 20 core technologies, Braille brings superior performing products to market with a simplified manufacturing process with exclusive designs. With over 500 international resellers, 100 web domains, and trademarks and copyrights on 25 attractive branding elements, Braille’s experienced marketing team has continued to fast track growth to become a global market leader in niche, high performance batteries. 
Braille’s ISO compliant, GSA/CCR registered design, engineering and manufacturing facility in Sarasota, Florida forms a global distribution and contract manufacturing hub extending to the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Japan, China and Singapore.
Braille Battery was adopted as the official business name to reflect that electrical performance and lightweight benefits are often only felt and not seen. The company’s focus is to produce products that are lighter, stronger and faster.
For additional company information please visit: www.braillebattery.com
About Grafoid Inc.
Incorporated in Ottawa, in September 2011, Grafoid is a graphene development and investment company partnered with Focus Graphite Inc., owner of the high-grade Lac Knife, Quebec graphite deposit, and; graphene producer Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. and the National University of Singapore’s Graphene Research Center – one of the premier graphene R&D institutes in the world – all of whom are now represented at Grafoid’s Innovation Park facilities in Kingston, Ontario.
Grafoid’s leading investment results in a game-changing process that sets a global standard for economically scalable graphene products, universally trademarked as MesoGraf™. 
Grafoid Inc. is a privately held Canadian corporation investing in MesoGraf™ high-energy density graphene applications and economically scalable production processes for pristine bilayer and trilayer graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives from raw, unprocessed, graphite ore.

 




		Comments are closed.	



 
































Grafoid Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























grafoid inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Services
Grafoid Inc. offers research and development services. The Company researches on graphite deposit, provides technical advisory, and consulting services to miners, manufacturers, suppliers, and processors of graphene materials.




Corporate Information
Address:

912-130 Albert Street
Ottawa, ON K1P 5G4
Canada


Phone:
1-613-909-2209


Fax:
1-613-241-8632


Web url:
www.grafoid.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Grafoid Extends Its Graphene Market Reach; Signs MOU with Xiamen Tungsten to Develop Graphene Based Applications in China | Grafoid























































 




Grafoid
Home
Our Story

About Grafoid
MesoGraf™
Why Grafoid?
Management & Directors


Videos
Partners
Presentations

Grafoid At A Glance
Grafoid Corporate Presentation
GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE


News

GRAFOID News Releases
GRAFOID Newsletters
Media Coverage
Industry News


Contact






Go To... Home Our Story- About Grafoid- MesoGraf™- Why Grafoid?- Management & Directors Videos Partners Presentations- Grafoid At A Glance- Grafoid Corporate Presentation- GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE News- GRAFOID News Releases- GRAFOID Newsletters- Media Coverage- Industry News Contact










Grafoid Extends Its Graphene Market Reach; Signs MOU with Xiamen Tungsten to Develop Graphene Based Applications in China



March 23, 2016 News Releases 

Grafoid Extends Its Graphene Market Reach; Signs MOU with Xiamen Tungsten to Develop Graphene Based Applications in China

 Benefits for Grafoid Affiliated Companies

March 23, 2016


OTTAWA – Grafoid Inc., a privately held developer of industrial scale graphene applications is pleased to announce the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Xiamen Tungsten CO. Ltd., of Xiamen, China, for the establishment of a strategic joint venture partnership.

The MOU establishes terms for Xiamen’s acquisition of up to a 20% equity position in Grafoid through the purchase of common shares – including Grafoid common shares currently held by Grafoid’s affiliate, Focus Graphite Inc. (TSX-V; FMS; OTCQX: FCSMF; FSE: FKC), an advanced Canadian graphite mining exploration and development company.

More, the agreement in principle sets out parameters for actions that meet both parties’ immediate and long-term business objectives through a joint venture arrangement. They include:

·     Xiamen’s desire to build a clean energy technology platform and introduce those technologies to the China market
·     Grafoid’s goals for developing industrial applications to open the China market for the commercialization of its suite of Mesograf™ and Amphioxide ™ graphene based products
·     The fulfillment of Focus Graphite’s desire to move forward with the development of the company’s Lac Knife, Quebec graphite project, and supply global markets with high purity, value-added, cost-competitive products while supporting the next generation battery development platform of Grafoid, Focus Graphite, Stria Lithium Inc., and Braille Battery
·     The establishment of Xiamen’s business office at the Grafoid Global Technology Center in Kingston, Ontario to provide Xiamen with a North American base for future business expansion, and; the establishment of a Grafoid business office in China

A publicly traded company listed on the Shanghai Exchange, Xiamen Tungsten is China’s leader in smelting, processing and export of tungsten and other non-ferrous metal products; the operation of rare earth business interests, and; the supply of battery materials.

The Joint Venture

The parties are agreed to establish their joint venture in China for the production of Grafoid’s marketed suite of Mesograf™ and Amphioxide™ based products to be used in the development of commercial graphene applications for the China market, specifically, for the production of lightweight, high strength polymers; GrafeneX™ coatings for glass, aluminum and other materials; solar energy creation, low-loss wiring cable, lithium based batteries, ultra capacitors, fuel cells for the energy storage market, and; catalyst materials.

Application Development

The parties are further agreed to jointly develop graphene applications for the China market. They include, but are not limited to:

·     Next generation lithium-ion batteries (for EVs and energy storage)
·     Graphene coatings (solar panels and glass, silicone, mylar, copper, aluminum and other materials)
·     Graphene enhanced polymers (for the automotive and aerospace sectors)
·     Water treatment (purification and desalination)
·     Intelligent fibers
·     Tungsten/graphene alloy

Management of the joint venture will be guided by a Strategy Committee meeting alternately in Canada and China on a quarterly basis and, a China-based Operations Committee co-chaired by a Grafoid senior manager and a Xiamen senior manager.

Mr. York said the achievement of the MOU marked the beginning of a turning point in Grafoid’s global technology enterprise platform expansion.

 “This future alliance bodes well for Grafoid and Xiamen, our affiliates and our shareholders,” said Mr. York. We feel very fortunate indeed to have taken our first expansionary step into China with a formidable and well-established technology materials producer.

Mr. Economo said the Company’s expansion into the world’s largest consumer market underscores management’s global technology ambitions.

 “This agreement represents our long-held corporate vision of developing a global platform of critical materials for the green economy including next generation energy applications, graphene coatings and polymers,” Mr. Economo said.

There are three key components to the agreement, namely: Xiamen’s equity investment in Grafoid; the JV plan and CAPEX for the Mesograf™ and Amphioxide™ production facilities, and; the plan and CAPEX for graphene applications development. Xiamen will provide funding for both the JV and applications development and Grafoid will provide the technology and technical expertise.

The funding method is to be determined through negotiations for both the JV and application development components. Those applications could be spun out as JVs and eventual IPOs.

Investment details of the multimillion dollar agreement will be determined by a due diligence process to be concluded by May 22, 2016.

About Xiamen Tungsten

Xiamen Tungsten Co., Ltd. is China’s largest producer and exporter of tungsten products. Its investment in technology upgrades and metallurgical innovation have narrowed the East-West gap in product quality compared to foreign enterprises and, the company is currently expanding its investments in clean energy technologies to move in lockstep with China’s march toward a low carbon economy. It has annual revenues in excess of 10.143B CNY ($1.55B US).

During the last decade, with a view to upgrading its competitive position in global markets, Xiamen, through acquisition and investment has expanded its business from a tungsten company to a technology oriented conglomerate in control of its complete manufacturing chains.

Xiamen Tungsten is listed on the Shanghai Exchange under the numerical
symbol: 600549.

For more information about Xiamen Tungsten, please visithttp://www.cxtc.com/

About Grafoid Inc.

Grafoid is a complete solutions graphene company. The company provides expertise as well as product and processes for transformative, industrial-scale graphene applications in partnership with leading corporations and institutions around the world.

A privately held Canadian corporation, Grafoid invests in graphene applications and economically scalable production processes for graphene and graphene derivatives from raw, unprocessed graphite ore. Focus Graphite Inc. holds a significant interest in Grafoid Inc.

Incorporated in 2011, Grafoid’s global enterprise platform includes 17 subsidiary companies engaged in the development of Mesograf™ materials and products, and development services. They include, but are not limited to: Mesograf™ lithium batteries for electric vehicles, consumer electronics, and industrial energy storage; additive manufacturing materials including metal alloy and graphene polymer powders for 3D printing; polymers, plastics, rubber, elastomers, and composite materials; fibre science including aluminum alloys; coatings and lubricants; fire retardant materials; thermal management solutions; EMI/RFI/EMP shielding; solar solutions, and analytical testing; and laboratory services.

Grafoid’s research is supported through the Industrial Research Assistance Program (IRAP) of the National Research Council of Canada, and, on February 20, 2015, Grafoid received an $8.1 million investment from the SD Tech Fund™ of Sustainable Development Technology Canada (SDTC) to develop a technology that will automate Mesograf™ graphene production and end-product development. SDTC is mandated by the Government of Canada to support clean technology companies as they move their technologies to market.

For more information about Grafoid, please visithttp://www.grafoid.com

Contact Information:

Grafoid Inc.:

Mr. Jeffrey York
Chairman and Founding Partner
jyork@grafoid.com
Suite 912, 130 Albert Street
Ottawa, Ontario K1P 5G4, Canada
+1 613-238-7417

Or

Mr. Gary Economo
Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner CEO
geconomo@grafoid.com 
Grafoid Global Technology Centre (GGTC),
945 Princess Street, Kingston, Ontario, K7L 3N6, Canada
+1 613-238-7417

 




		Comments are closed.	



 


































About Grafoid | Grafoid





















































 




Grafoid
Home
Our Story

About Grafoid
MesoGraf™
Why Grafoid?
Management & Directors


Videos
Partners
Presentations

Grafoid At A Glance
Grafoid Corporate Presentation
GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE


News

GRAFOID News Releases
GRAFOID Newsletters
Media Coverage
Industry News


Contact






Go To... Home Our Story- About Grafoid- MesoGraf™- Why Grafoid?- Management & Directors Videos Partners Presentations- Grafoid At A Glance- Grafoid Corporate Presentation- GRAFOID GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CENTRE News- GRAFOID News Releases- GRAFOID Newsletters- Media Coverage- Industry News Contact













A Complete Solutions Graphene Company
Founded in 2011, Grafoid Inc. is a graphene research, development and investment company that invests in, manages and develops markets for processes that produce economically scalable graphene for use in graphene development applications by leading corporations and institutions. Grafoid’s leading investment produces application friendly, minimal-defect, high-energy density few layer graphene, utilizing a safe, non-destructive extraction process, leaving the lowest possible ecological footprint. The completely unique, proprietary process results in what Grafoid regards as a new global standard for economically scalable, high-purity graphene products — trademarked under the MesoGraf™ trade name — that can be tailored to both industrial and commercial applications.

The Grafoid Difference
Current methods for producing graphene are expensive, time-consuming, chemically harsh, multi-step processes. Conversely, Grafoid’s graphene production process is a one-step, environmentally friendly method that extracts graphene directly from graphite ore. This process has the potential to position Grafoid as the lowest-cost producer and allows for mass production of functional graphene on a scalable basis. Most importantly, it may change the economics of graphene, allowing for widespread commercial adoption. As a result of Grafoid’s accomplishments, cost may no longer be a prohibitive factor in the development of graphene applications.
Leading the Graphene Revolution
Grafoid has a number of unique factors that position the Company as a potential global commercial leader in the graphene industry:

At the Forefront of the Graphene Revolution
Grafoid brings product, process and expertise to develop new graphene applications.
Developed a Unique, Proprietary, Patent-Pending Process
Grafoid has invested in a revolutionary process to extract high quality, few layer graphene directly from graphite ore without going through harsh extraction processes that damage graphene’s unique characteristics.
Developed a Potential Global Standard for Graphene Production
The greatest challenge in commercializing graphene is how to produce high-quality material, on a large scale at low cost, and in a reproducible manner. Grafoid has successfully overcome these challenges with the MesoGraf™ production process.
Proved and Replicated the One-Step Process of Producing Pristine, High-Energy Density Graphene
Determined that the science works – MesoGraf™ graphene is now being produced on a scalable production basis and the quality has been independently characterized and validated by major corporations, academic institutions and industrial partners.
Determined the Market Acceptance Among Joint Venture Partners for Application Development
In testing market acceptance, Grafoid has proven significant market potential. Keen interest has been shown from joint venture partners and Grafoid is currently involved in more than 17 joint venture graphene application development projects.
Graphite from the Purest Source
Grafoid is partnered with publicly traded Focus Graphite Inc. (TSX-V: FMS | OTCQX: FCSMF | FSE: FKC), one of the premier graphite development companies in the world and owner of the ultra-high-grade, Lac Knife graphite deposit in Québec, Canada. While Grafoid’s process works with any graphite source, having long-term security of supply is critical with a strategic mineral.
Partnering with the Right Strategic Players
Grafoid is partnering with leading universities, research laboratories and blue-chip corporations in graphene application development.
Controls the Supply Chain
Grafoid and its partners remain in control of application development.

Grafoid = Guaranteed Supply + IP Technology + JV Partnerships + Customers
Attaining a Global Profile
Grafoid has launched a global platform consisting of Grafoid Inc., Focus Graphite Inc., and Graphite Zero Pte Ltd.– to deliver a mine-to-market, scalable suite of MesoGraf™ graphene products.
Intends to Lead in Application Development, with a Number of Applications Currently Underway
Grafoid employs a two-track process to lead the way — developing a global standard in graphene production through MesoGraf™ and challenging the competition in application development.
Holds the Talent
Seasoned corporate leaders in public start-ups join key scientific and inventor talent in graphene production.
One of the Purest Ways to Invest in Graphene
Grafoid is a complete solutions graphene company — a standalone in the world — and is potentially one of the purest ways to invest in the coming Graphene Revolution.

In addition to pilot plant scale production and R&D facilities in Singapore, Grafoid now hosts MesoGraf’s laboratories and production facilities at Queen’s University’s Innovation Park, in Kingston, Ontario, Canada and, later this year, at its U.S. facilities in New Jersey.
Business Model
Grafoid’s business model is straightforward, intending to generate revenue three ways:

1. Through royalty revenues for the use of the commercialization technologies that are being developed by Grafoid and its partners.
2. Selling rights to companies for the use of MesoGraf™ for individual applications through upfront payments for licensing agreements
                    as well as ongoing royalty payments.
3. Selling MesoGraf™ product to joint venture partners.

Global Platform
With multiple patents already filed, Grafoid is currently engaged in the development of numerous graphene joint ventures globally, in the areas of renewable energy and portable energy storage, oil-spill recovery, water desalination and purification, advanced polymer materials, bio-medicine, thermal dispersion technologies, coatings, 3D printing materials, and a number of classified material development projects. Due to reasons of commercial confidentiality, Grafoid is prevented from disclosing many of its ongoing commercial, industrial and military research and development projects. Please see Grafoid’s Partners page for details of the Company’s announced partnerships.

A Standalone in the Graphene World
With a world-class resource, a game-changing proven technology, industry-leading scientific talent, and a plethora of sophisticated joint venture partnerships, Grafoid is a standalone in the graphene world. Grafoid’s business model is unique. The Company’s corporate strategy, coupled with Grafoid’s vertically integrated, managed supply chain brings business efficiencies and ultimately higher operating margins. Grafoid brings world-leading expertise in graphene, resolves scalability issues, tailors MesoGraf™ high-energy density graphene for unique applications, and provides solutions for achieving long-term success.
 





 
































Grafoid Inc. Ontario MesoGraf Production Facilities




























































































































Trending
Sectors

All Sectors
Technology Metals
Gold, Silver & Base Metals
Technology
AgriBusiness & MMJ
Uranium & Energy
Biotech
CleanTech
Oil & Gas


Videos
Market Analysis
Members
About

Editors
Team
Events
Contact








X

Search

 










Trending
Sectors

Technology Metals
Gold, Silver & Base Metals
AgriBusiness & MMJ
Technology
Uranium & Energy
Biotech
CleanTech
Oil & Gas


More

Videos
Market Analysis
EditorsAdrian NixonEugene GerdenDr. Luc DuchesneNicolas TremblayPeter ClausiReed M. Izatt, PhDSteve MackowskiTracy Weslosky
Members
Events


 








X

Search

 














X

Search

 



Trending
Sectors

Technology Metals
Gold, Silver & Base Metals
AgriBusiness & MMJ
Technology
Uranium & Energy
Biotech
CleanTech
Oil & Gas


More

Videos
Market Analysis
EditorsAdrian NixonEugene GerdenDr. Luc DuchesneNicolas TremblayPeter ClausiReed M. Izatt, PhDSteve MackowskiTracy Weslosky
Members
Events


 



Home » Sectors » Technology Metals » Technology Metals News 

EDITOR:
        Raj Shah |
        August 20th, 2014 
Grafoid Inc. – A Complete Solutions Graphene Company – Officially Opens its Kingston, Ontario MesoGraf™ Production Facilities 
Raj Shah |
        August 20, 2014 |
        No Comments


August 20, 2014 (Source: Marketwired) — Creating 160 Technology Jobs Generating $32 Million in Local Economic Benefits
Grafoid Inc., Canada’s supplier and the producer of high purity, high energy density graphene officially opened its Kingston, Ontario production facilities today in a ceremony attended by civic, provincial and federal representatives.
In tandem with the official opening, Grafoid marked the occasion with the release of its revised and updated website www.grafoid.com featuring video content related to the company’s global positioning of its Mesograf™ graphene advances.
The one-of-a-kind, 225,000 square foot Innovation Park technology centre was officially opened as the new home to Grafoid’s pipeline MesoGraf™ research and development laboratories, production facilities, graphene material testing, engineering and product development.
Grafoid’s strategic partner, Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. has been in full production of MesoGraf™ and MesoGraf™ derivatives since early 2014.
Gary Economo, Grafoid’s Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner told a news conference the company “expects to create some 160 high-value technical positions at the Innovation Park complex during the next 12-24 months, and we expect that number to grow as we expand in subsequent years.”
 {  Get our daily investorintel update SubscribeEmail address is invalidThank you for joining InvestorIntel daily email updates!
    }“The technologies we develop here in Kingston with our institutional and corporate partners could lead to graphene’s broad commercialization,” Mr. Economo said.
“This year we have embarked on another round of funding to meet our ambitious development objectives and acquisition plans. We have plans to raise US$50m and will be announcing further details on our progress in the coming months.
“This level of funding enables growth and supports our immediate goals of creating some 160 plus professional jobs in this facility – some of whom are already here today,” Mr. Economo said.
“By comparative analysis we estimate, this level of job creation has the potential to generate a financial stimulus to the Kingston community of some $32 million annually with the potential for even greater growth as we invest in further growth,” he added.
A private company, Grafoid Inc. was established in September 2011. Within 18 months, it announced its global science and business platform with Focus Graphite Inc., Graphite Zero and the National University of Singapore’s Graphene Research Center – one of the world’s foremost graphene R&D institutions.
Graphene is the revolutionary miracle material that science believes will forever change the world. Grafoid has established itself as a global leader in graphene innovation.
Grafoid’s mission is to become a dominant global player in investing graphene-related material and product development in a broad range of sectors including, but not limited to: applications for next generation graphene lithium batteries; additive materials for 3D printing; biomedicine; water purification and oil spill remediation; polymers and composite materials; fibre science; coatings and lubricants; thermal management solutions; low-loss wiring and cabling; EMI/RFI/EMP shielding; fire retardants and protective clothing; solar, and; a number of military and security applications now under development.
The company is currently moving to expand its global platform through the establishment of subsidiary companies to advance the commercialization of its MesoGraf™-based applications.
About Grafoid Inc.
Incorporated in Ottawa, in September 2011, Grafoid is a graphene development and investment company partnered with Focus Graphite Inc., owner of the high-grade Lac Knife, Quebec graphite deposit, and; graphene producer Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. and the National University of Singapore’s Graphene Research Center – one of the premier graphene R&D institutes in the world – all of whom are now represented at Grafoid’s Innovation Park technology centre in Kingston, Ontario.
Grafoid’s leading investment results in a game-changing process that sets a global standard for economically scalable graphene products, universally trademarked as MesoGraf™.
Grafoid Inc. is a privately held Canadian corporation investing in MesoGraf™ high-energy density graphene applications and economically scalable production processes for pristine bilayer and trilayer graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives from raw, unprocessed, graphite ore.
The company is engaged in the development of graphene patent joint ventures globally, in the areas of renewable energy, advanced polymer materials, biomedicine, thermal dispersion technologies, coatings and a number of classified material development projects. Focus Graphite, Inc. (TSX VENTURE:FMS)(OTCQX:FCSMF)(FRANKFURT:FKC) holds a significant interest in Grafoid on behalf of its shareholders.
 

Technology Metals News







0
 











 

Editor: Raj Shah

			Raj Shah has professional experience working for over a half a dozen years at financial firms such as Merrill Lynch and First Allied Securities Inc., ...  <Read more about Raj Shah> 




 
				Copyright © 2017 InvestorIntel Corp. All rights reserved.
				More & Disclaimer »



Recommended

 



July 27, 2017Zinc One Resources – Where Grade is KingJuly 26, 2017Kirill Klip on the global market demand for lithiumJuly 26, 2017Nouveau Monde and Shinzoom partner to take on the NA Li-Ion  ...July 26, 2017White Graphene: It is white but not graphene…July 25, 2017Lead: Valuable Metal but Toxic at Any Concentration — What ...July 25, 2017Wajd Boubou on the manganese market and Giyani MetalsJuly 25, 2017Resurging Commodity Markets: The Rare Earths (Part 2)July 24, 2017Kazakhstan focuses on the global vanadium marketJuly 24, 2017Lynas defies market to become a super metal heavy weightJuly 24, 2017Search of Excellence – Part 3July 20, 20172017 – The Year of Alkane ResourcesJuly 19, 2017TerraX responds to coverage on becoming the next major playe ... 



 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
  Notify me of replies to this post
 Notify me of new posts via email
 

 



Trending








Market Analysis IntelTechnology Metals Intel

InvestorIntel Rare Earths Monthly – June 2017July 07, 2017 Steve Mackowski |
			July 07, 2017 |
			10 Comments


To those who contacted me with some feedback on my new three-pronged series of articles, thanks for that. Although can […]










CleanTech IntelTechnology Metals Intel

Vanadium – Heard it on the GrapevineJuly 18, 2017 Christopher Ecclestone |
			July 18, 2017 |
			10 Comments


In the mining sector if one hangs around long enough, that which was once a subject of excitement and then […]



  News








Technology Metals News

Northern Minerals Limited: WA Premier marks commencement of works at Browns RangeJuly 28, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 28, 2017 











CleanTech NewsTechnology Metals News

Neometals Ltd.: Quarterly Cashflow ReportJuly 28, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 28, 2017 











CleanTech NewsTechnology Metals News

Neometals Ltd.: Quarterly Activities ReportJuly 28, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 28, 2017 











Gold, Silver & Base Metals News

Scorpio Gold’s 2017 Phase I Drilling Encounters High-Grade Gold Proximal to Underground Mine Workings at the Goldwedge Project, NevadaJuly 27, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 27, 2017 

July 27, 2017 (Source) – Scorpio Gold Corporation (“Scorpio Gold” or the “Company”) (TSX-V:SGN) is pleased to report final results from […]










Gold, Silver & Base Metals Intel

Zinc One Resources – Where Grade is KingJuly 27, 2017 Christopher Ecclestone |
			July 27, 2017 

A year ago one could have quoted The Rime of the Ancient Mariner to describe the hunt for a worthwhile […]










Technology News

Cloud Nine Education Group Ltd. Strengthens Board and Management TeamJuly 27, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 27, 2017 

July 27, 2017 (Source) – Cloud Nine Education Group Ltd. (the “Company” or “Cloud Nine”) (CSE:CNI) is pleased to announce the […]










Gold, Silver & Base Metals News

Sage Gold Receives Final Tranche of Clavos FinancingJuly 27, 2017 InvestorIntel |
			July 27, 2017 

July 27, 2017 (Source) – Sage Gold Inc. (“Sage” or the “Company”) (TSX VENTURE:SGX) has drawn down the third and final […]






Click here for more News




   



Learn More

Technology Metals
Gold, Silver & Base Metals
Technology
AgriBusiness & MMJ
CleanTech
Biotech
Oil & Gas
Uranium & Energy


About

Members
Editors
Team


Support

Contact
Privacy
Disclaimer


 
Copyright © 2017 InvestorIntel Corp. All rights reserved.






















Grafoid Inc. Wins the Kingston Chamber of Commerce "New Business of the Year Award" 2014 While Grafoid's Braille Battery, Inc. Wins SEMA's New Product of the YearHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballGrafoid Inc. Wins the Kingston Chamber of Commerce "New Business of the Year Award" 2014 While Grafoid's Braille Battery, Inc. Wins SEMA's New Product of the YearMarketwiredNovember 12, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareKINGSTON, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Nov 12, 2014) -  Grafoid Inc. is pleased and honoured to announce its recent win of the 2014 New Business of the Year by the Kingston Chamber of Commerce. The Award was presented at the Chamber's 19th annual Business Achievement Awards Gala.Nominations were solicited from members of the Kingston business community and a judging panel of community partners and Chamber volunteers select the award winners.Grafoid, a complete solutions graphene company, held the official opening of its 225,000 square foot Global Technology Centre (GTC) in Kingston, on August 20, 2014 and in doing so, began the consolidation of its diverse scientific, engineering, production and operating entities under one roof.The GTC is home to an array of Grafoid's innovative developments including next generation graphene automotive batteries and supercapacitors; graphene-infused polymers and metal powders (additive materials) for industrial-scale 3D printing; graphene coatings and paints; bulletproof and fireproof protective clothing; sports equipment; wiring and cabling; graphene foils and other graphene ventures and joint ventures.The GTC's centerpiece, however, is Grafoid's MesoGraf™ graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives production centre."This year has been one of remarkable achievements for Grafoid and our staff, our science and especially our advances towards graphene's commercialization," said Founding Partner and Chief Executive Officer Gary Economo."We were deeply honoured to have been nominated as New Business of the Year by the Kingston Chamber of Commerce, and now, even more so after winning this prestigious award," Mr. Economo said.The business award was the first of two significant achievements. Grafoid's subsidiary, Braille Battery, Inc. of Sarasota, Florida won the Global Media Award for Best Product at the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA) convention in Las Vegas for its GreenLite G20 lithium starting battery.Braille Battery, acquired by Grafoid to develop a first-to-market high performance graphene li-ion automotive battery, developed the first lithium starter battery. It continues to be the global market leader in ultra-lightweight high performance batteries for the racing industry.It was Braille's fourth consecutive SEMA win in the Best New Product category because of the company's ongoing development of new products for street and track.SEMA's membership includes more than 6,300 companies worldwide including original and aftermarket equipment manufacturers, distributors and automotive specialists serving a $30 billion annual market.Mr. Economo, in congratulating Braille on its SEMA award said: "This latest win underscores Grafoid's decision to pair its MesoGraf™ graphene with Braille's innovative lithium battery materials, manufacturing capabilities and its global market penetration."In commercial terms, the competitive advantages of a wholly-owned, vertically integrated graphene supply chain are significant. They lead to R&D cost efficiencies and hold the potential ultimately, to maintain wide margins while reducing costs to consumers," Mr. Economo said.Braille Battery, Inc. was acquired by Grafoid on September 2, 2014.About Braille Battery, Inc. Founded in 2002 by Mr. Blake Fuller, Braille Battery is a pioneering battery manufacturing and energy storage solutions company with a complete line of lightweight high powered battery systems for the transportation market. Braille developed the world's first commercially available automotive lithium starting battery and has grown to become the highest volume producer of automotive lithium starting batteries.With a rich history dominating motorsports from NASCAR to IndyCar, Braille has developed solutions that are applicable to the demanding, highly profitable specialty automotive, marine, defense, medical, and aerospace markets. With international patents pending on over 20 core technologies, Braille brings superior performing products to market with a simplified manufacturing process with exclusive designs. With over 500 international resellers, 100 web domains, and trademarks and copyrights on 25 attractive branding elements, Braille's experienced marketing team has continued to fast track growth to become a global market leader in niche, high performance batteries.Read MoreBraille's ISO compliant, GSA/CCR registered design, engineering and manufacturing facility in Sarasota, Florida forms a global distribution and contract manufacturing hub extending to the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Japan, China and Singapore.Braille Battery was adopted as the official business name to reflect that electrical performance and lightweight benefits are often only felt and not seen. The company's focus is to produce products that are lighter, stronger and faster.For additional company information please visit: www.braillebattery.comAbout Grafoid Inc. Incorporated in Ottawa, in September 2011, Grafoid is a graphene development and investment company partnered with Focus Graphite Inc., owner of the high-grade Lac Knife, Quebec graphite deposit, and; graphene producer Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. and the National University of Singapore's Graphene Research Center -- one of the premier graphene R&D institutes in the world -- all of whom are now represented at Grafoid's Innovation Park facilities in Kingston, Ontario.Grafoid's leading investment results in a game-changing process that sets a global standard for economically scalable graphene products, universally trademarked as MesoGraf™.Grafoid Inc. is a privately held Canadian corporation investing in MesoGraf™ high-energy density graphene applications and economically scalable production processes for pristine bilayer and trilayer graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives from raw, unprocessed, graphite ore.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceProtect Your New Galaxy S8SamsungSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsored9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressAnthony Scaramucci Goes On Crass, Unhinged Rant Against Top White House AidesAlan: Fox News is on a rant today about the new Chief of Staff keeping Donald on message. When does a real president "have to be kept of message"? This president is a mess, one that can't be reclaimed. Boy, I'll bet that old lady in the pants suit looks a lot better to some of those Dems who voted for Trump.Join the Conversation1 / 513








Grafoid Inc. - A Complete Solutions Graphene Company - Officially Opens its Kingston, Ontario MesoGraf(TM) Production FacilitiesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballGrafoid Inc. - A Complete Solutions Graphene Company - Officially Opens its Kingston, Ontario MesoGraf(TM) Production FacilitiesMarketwiredAugust 20, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareOTTAWA, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Aug 20, 2014) -  Grafoid Inc., Canada's supplier and the producer of high purity, high energy density graphene officially opened its Kingston, Ontario production facilities today in a ceremony attended by civic, provincial and federal representatives.In tandem with the official opening, Grafoid marked the occasion with the release of its revised and updated website www.grafoid.com featuring video content related to the company's global positioning of its Mesograf™ graphene advances.The one-of-a-kind, 225,000 square foot Innovation Park technology centre was officially opened as the new home to Grafoid's pipeline MesoGraf™ research and development laboratories, production facilities, graphene material testing, engineering and product development.Grafoid's strategic partner, Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. has been in full production of MesoGraf™ and MesoGraf™ derivatives since early 2014.Gary Economo, Grafoid's Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner told a news conference the company "expects to create some 160 high-value technical positions at the Innovation Park complex during the next 12-24 months, and we expect that number to grow as we expand in subsequent years.""The technologies we develop here in Kingston with our institutional and corporate partners could lead to graphene's broad commercialization," Mr. Economo said."This year we have embarked on another round of funding to meet our ambitious development objectives and acquisition plans. We have plans to raise US$50m and will be announcing further details on our progress in the coming months."This level of funding enables growth and supports our immediate goals of creating some 160 plus professional jobs in this facility - some of whom are already here today," Mr. Economo said."By comparative analysis we estimate, this level of job creation has the potential to generate a financial stimulus to the Kingston community of some $32 million annually with the potential for even greater growth as we invest in further growth," he added.A private company, Grafoid Inc. was established in September 2011. Within 18 months, it announced its global science and business platform with Focus Graphite Inc., Graphite Zero and the National University of Singapore's Graphene Research Center - one of the world's foremost graphene R&D institutions.Graphene is the revolutionary miracle material that science believes will forever change the world. Grafoid has established itself as a global leader in graphene innovation.Grafoid's mission is to become a dominant global player in investing graphene-related material and product development in a broad range of sectors including, but not limited to: applications for next generation graphene lithium batteries; additive materials for 3D printing; biomedicine; water purification and oil spill remediation; polymers and composite materials; fibre science; coatings and lubricants; thermal management solutions; low-loss wiring and cabling; EMI/RFI/EMP shielding; fire retardants and protective clothing; solar, and; a number of military and security applications now under development.The company is currently moving to expand its global platform through the establishment of subsidiary companies to advance the commercialization of its MesoGraf™-based applications.About Grafoid Inc.Incorporated in Ottawa, in September 2011, Grafoid is a graphene development and investment company partnered with Focus Graphite Inc., owner of the high-grade Lac Knife, Quebec graphite deposit, and; graphene producer Graphite Zero Pte Ltd. and the National University of Singapore's Graphene Research Center - one of the premier graphene R&D institutes in the world - all of whom are now represented at Grafoid's Innovation Park technology centre in Kingston, Ontario.Grafoid's leading investment results in a game-changing process that sets a global standard for economically scalable graphene products, universally trademarked as MesoGraf™.Grafoid Inc. is a privately held Canadian corporation investing in MesoGraf™ high-energy density graphene applications and economically scalable production processes for pristine bilayer and trilayer graphene and MesoGraf™ derivatives from raw, unprocessed, graphite ore.The company is engaged in the development of graphene patent joint ventures globally, in the areas of renewable energy, advanced polymer materials, biomedicine, thermal dispersion technologies, coatings and a number of classified material development projects. Focus Graphite, Inc. (TSX VENTURE:FMS)(FCSMF)(FKC.F) holds a significant interest in Grafoid on behalf of its shareholders.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderTrump administration ends myRA program that helped people save for retirementCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chartMarketWatchHuman Barbie Takes Off Make Up, Drs Are StunnedKiwi ReportSponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo FinanceAnthony Scaramucci Goes On Crass, Unhinged Rant Against Top White House AidesAlan: Fox News is on a rant today about the new Chief of Staff keeping Donald on message. When does a real president "have to be kept of message"? This president is a mess, one that can't be reclaimed. Boy, I'll bet that old lady in the pants suit looks a lot better to some of those Dems who voted for Trump.Join the Conversation1 / 513








