

Executive Profile | Discover Financial Services | R. Mark Graf | Customer Intelligence































































                    Home
                  




					About Us	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log Out















 











R. Mark Graf 

		
		EVP, CFO, Chief Accounting Officer, 

	
		 Discover Financial Services 	

 
Last Updated: 07/12/2017 



Executive Summary
Mark Graf was appointed EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer for Discover Financial Services, a direct banking and payment services company, in 2011. His appointment came at a time of great change for the Company as they began seeking new revenue sources to counter the lower loan balances plaguing issuers of plasti 
Current Focus

Strategic Vision:  “In 2017, we're celebrating Discover's first decade as a public company,” CEO David Nelms told analysts on the Company’s April 2017 earnings call. “Throughout thos 
Key Challenges

Competition:  “Though Discover’s rewards offerings may have been previously innovative, its competitors are acting “aggressively” in pursing potential customers with strong rewards offerings 
Biographical Highlights

Born c. 1965
Graf earned a BS degree from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where he also earned an MBA. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Board of Directors, SaaS Capital Inc
Former Member, Board of Directors, BNC Bancorp 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:
































© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us


















	CA$H GRAF Trademark of R. J. PEARCE, INC.. Serial Number: 74452650 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
CA$H GRAF










 
Get FREE email alerts













CA$H GRAF  Trademark Information
 R. J. PEARCE, INC.
computer software for financial management and personal planning and organization




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
software   financial   management   personal   planning   organization    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CA$H GRAF trademark by R. J. PEARCE, INC. 
                                in St. Petersburg, , 33714.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CA$H GRAF trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner R. J. PEARCE, INC. of the CA$H GRAF trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CA$H GRAF trademark.
                           






On Monday, November 01, 1993,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CA$H GRAF by 
                        R. J. PEARCE, INC., St. Petersburg 33714.
                        The USPTO has given the CA$H GRAF 
                        trademark serial  number of  74452650.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for CA$H GRAF is 
                        
                        
                                            David R. Ellis of 
                                            3233 East Bay Drive, Suite 101,  Largo, FL  34641,  
                                .
                            The CA$H GRAF trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CA$H GRAF 
                            is computer software for financial management and personal planning and organization. 
                            





Word mark:
 CA$H GRAF


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

7/20/2002



  Serial Number:  
74452650


  Filing Date:  
11/1/1993


 Registration Number:  
1911167 


 Registration Date:  
8/15/1995


 Goods and Services: 
computer software for financial management and personal planning and organization


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/23/1995


Last Applicant/Owner:

R. J. PEARCE, INC.St. Petersburg 33714
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words(50% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Graph paper, diagrams, blueprints, the periodic table  (Writing, drawing or painting materials, office materials, stationery and books   -  Paper goods, documents) see more design...


                                                    Other paper goods bearing handwritten or printed texts or tables  (Writing, drawing or painting materials, office materials, stationery and books   -  Paper goods, documents) see more design...


                                                    Dollar symbol ($)  (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Notational signs and symbols) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


David R. Ellis
3233 East Bay Drive, Suite 101
Largo, FL  34641







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
9/2/1993


First Use In Commerce: 
9/2/1993





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CA$H GRAF trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/20/2002
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



David R. Ellis


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CA$H GRAF trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cahgraf on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CA$H GRAF 




CA$H GRAF is providing computer software for financial management and personal planning and organization.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 












Signet Jewelers Announces Appointment Of R. Mark Graf To Board Of Directors And Retirement Of Dale W. Hilpert - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Signet Jewelers Announces Appointment Of R. Mark Graf To Board Of Directors And Retirement Of Dale W. Hilpert






Business Wire




Jun 21, 2017 4:29 PM EDT













 
















































  Signet Jewelers Limited (the "Company") (NYSE: SIG), the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry, today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed R. Mark Graf as an Independent Director effective July 1, 2017. Mr. Graf currently serves as Chief Financial Officer at Discover Financial Services and has more than 30 years of experience in treasury, financial planning, accounting, corporate development and business line management.  H. Todd Stitzer, Chairman, commented, "Mark brings to Signet a deep, balanced and diversified finance, credit and leadership experience, which will make him a valuable addition to the Signet Board of Directors. On behalf of the Board, I welcome him, and we look forward to benefiting from his knowledge and insight."  Prior to joining Discover Financial Services, Mr. Graf was an Investment Advisor at Aquiline Capital Partners, a private equity firm specializing in investments in the financial services industry. Prior to that, he served as Partner at Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital Partners from 2006 to 2008 and Chief Financial Officer of Fifth Third Bancorp from 2004 to 2006.  Mr. Graf holds a BS in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School.  Additionally, Mr. Dale W. Hilpert notified the Company of his decision to retire from the Board of Directors for personal reasons, effective June 28, 2017.  Mr. Stitzer added: "On behalf of the Board, I thank Dale for his significant and valued contribution to Signet over the last 14 years and wish him all the best in his retirement."      View source version on businesswire.com:   http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170621006299/en/  



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













This Stock Is a Hidden Gem
Little-followed Signet is a big name in the jewelry business and an eye-catching value.



Paul Price

Jun 2, 2017 7:00 AM EDT
























The Good, the Bad and the Ugly; Explaining the Inexplicable: Doug Kass' Views
Doug Kass shares his thoughts on trying to explain that which cannot be explained, and also discusses what was good (and bad and ugly) this week.



Doug Kass

May 29, 2017 1:00 AM EDT
























RBC: Signet Jewelers Stock Risk/Reward Compelling
Shares of the jeweler have fell over 16% this week following disappointing first quarter earnings results.



Giovanni Bruno

May 26, 2017 1:15 PM EDT
























Crude Oil Falls Below $50 but Selloff Fails to Dent Rally in Stocks
A sharp decline in crude oil prices fails to hit the stock market's rise on Thursday thanks to gains in the consumer sector.



Keris Alison Lahiff

May 25, 2017 2:16 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products


Can Apple Show Amazon What Earnings Should Look Like?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















R. Mark Graf appointed to Signet Jewelers Ltd. Board.
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Mark  GrafCFO, Discover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, ILHe has been in his present position since 2011. Prior to Discover Financial, he was an investment advisor at Aquiline Capital Partners, seerved as partner at Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital Partners, and was CFO of Fifth Third Bancorp.2017 Third QuarterAdded to: Signet Jewelers Ltd. - Hamilton, BermudaSignet is a specialty jewelry retailer in the U.S. and the U.K. Revenues are $7 billion.















 















 









Dr. Graf Skin Care Products — The Dermatology Review   

         

   
 
 

The Dermatology Review          
Menu


    
Dr. Graf Skin Care ProductsTop 3100755025
97%

92%

86%
Not in
top 31ADVANCED DERMATOLOGY2REVIVE3LA PRAIRIE-Dr. Graf Skin Care Products



Will Dr. Graf Skin Care Products Work for You?The Dr. Graf skin care line includes a number of products that fight the signs of aging, such as fine lines and wrinkles, dryness, and bags under the eyes. This line was founded by Dr. Jeanette Graf, a dermatologist who wanted to create a line of products to help individuals who suffered from acne-prone or aging skin. The Dr. Graf skin care lineup now includes four specific skin care collections that all target different skin care concerns. These products are marketed as being suitable for all skin types. Dr. Graf skin care products are only available in the U.S.About Dr. Graf Skin Care ProductsDr. Graf skin care products include a wide range of anti-aging solutions for problems such as crow’s feet, marionette lines, dark circles and puffiness under the eyes, dry skin, and crepey skin on the neck and upper chest. Other selections include skin brightening serum, skin firming cream, and lip care products. Many of the Dr. Graf skin care products are collagen based, and many others include peptides.While there are many different products available in the Dr. Graf skin care lineup, there are none that include SPF protection, which is a vital component of any skin care kit, especially for those who want to fight the signs of aging. This is an important factor to consider before making any purchasing decisions, especially if you want to create a complete skin care kit from these products.Where to Buy Dr. Graf Skin Care ProductsDr. Graf skin care products are available from a number of e-commerce websites, where you can also read Dr. Graf skin care product reviews from customers with similar problems to yours. Because it is difficult to know which sites are authorized, you should consider the reputation and return policies of each website.Dr. Jeannette Graf’s skin care collections are currently not sold in stores, which means that you should take the time to read online customer reviews by those who have used these products before to gauge whether they will work for you. While your skin type and problems are unique, you may be able to get a feel for which products caused irritation in some individuals so that you can avoid them to reduce the risk of side effects.Prices for Dr. Graf skin care products range from about $19 for the collection’s Rejuvenation Retinol Lip Crème to around $30 for the collagen serum. There are also skin care kits available in the $40-$45 range that target specific skin care issues, such as for wrinkles or sagging skin. Prices do not vary widely online, but you may want to browse more than one site before making your purchase, and in some cases may be able to find special coupons for Dr. Graf skin care products.Dr. Graf Skin Care Product IngredientsMany Dr. Graf skin care products contain collagen, which is a natural protein that exists in the skin and is responsible for keeping it firm and elastic. However, when collagen is included in topical skin care products, it often cannot penetrate deeply into the skin, so its benefits are limited.Other ingredients include copper peptides, which have shown to boost the skin’s ability to heal itself and to firm sagging skin, although these abilities are limited. If your skin has ever had a negative reaction to any of these ingredients, be sure to compare ingredient listings on each product and try to buy from sites that have complete listings in order to make the most informed decision.Dr. Graf Skin Care Product Side EffectsWhile collagen and peptides carry a low risk of side effects, you should apply any Dr. Graf skin care product sparingly during the first application and perform skin patch tests to avoid the risk of side effects such as redness, blotchiness, and other irritations.Take a look at the...The Absolute Best Skin Care LineTake a look at our #1 recommendation for 2017:Advanced Dermatology. Excellent.         
TOPBRANDTOP 31ADVANCED DERMATOLOGY2REVIVE3LA PRAIRIE-Dr. Graf Skin Care Products  
CommentsWrite a Review Cancel Reply Name * E-Mail *(will not be published)Rating 


             


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Discover Financial Management Team | Discover









Skip to main content




DISCOVER LOGO









              Secured 
            

              Log In
            











                  Credit Cards                                                 
                  



Credit Cards Log In


Credit Cards Register Now



                  Banking                                                 
                  

Banking Log In


Banking Register Now




      Home Equity Loans                                                 
      

Home Equity Log In




      Student Loans                                                 
      

Student Loans Log In


Student Loans Register Now




      Personal Loans                                              
      
      

Personal Loan Log In


Personal Loan Register Now

















          All Products 
          & Services
        










                Credit Cards                                                 
                



Credit Cards




Cash Credit Cards




Travel Credit Card


Student Credit Cards


Secured Credit Cards


Compare Credit Cards



Find My Offer




                Card Features         
				

Cashback Bonus


Discover Deals


Card Benefits


Balance Transfer


FICO® Credit Score





				Banking
				  

Cashback Checking


Online Savings


Money Market


CDs


IRA CDs





                  Loans                                                 
                    

Home Equity Loans


Student Loans


Personal Loans

















          Help
		  Center
        














Card Help Center


Banking Help Center






Find help with Home Loans


Home Equity Help Center


Student Loans Help


Personal Loans Help






Business Card Help


Gift Card Help


Find help with Credit Resources
















search


















content



Corporate Home
Our Company
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Corporate Responsibility
Careers




Our People
Our Leaders
Our History
Advertising
Corporate Governance





 Print Share 




Executive Committee
Board of Directors



Executive Committee
Discover's executives are among the most experienced in the financial services industry.


David W. Nelms
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
David W. Nelms was elected chairman of the board in 2009. He has served as chief executive officer since 2004, and was president and chief operating officer from 1998 to 2004. Prior to joining Discover, David worked at MBNA America Bank from 1991 to 1998, most recently as a vice chairman. From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Nelms was a senior product manager for Progressive Insurance. From 1986 to 1990, Mr. Nelms was a management consultant with Bain & Company. He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Florida and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.


Roger C. Hochschild
President and Chief Operating Officer
 
Roger C. Hochschild has served as president and chief operating officer since 2004, and was executive vice president, chief marketing officer from 1998 to 2001. From 2001 to 2004, Roger was executive vice president, chief administrative and chief strategic officer of Morgan Stanley. He holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College.


R. Mark Graf
Executive Vice President,Chief Financial Officer
 
R. Mark Graf joined Discover in 2011 as executive vice president, chief financial officer. Prior to joining Discover, Mark was an investment advisor with Aquiline Capital Partners, a private equity firm specializing in investments in the financial services industry. Prior to that, he was a partner at Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital from 2006 to 2008. Mark was executive vice president and chief financial officer for Fifth Third Bank from 2004 to 2006, after having served as its treasurer from 2001 to 2004. He holds a bachelor's degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.


Kelly McNamara Corley
Executive Vice President,General Counsel and Secretary
 
Kelly McNamara Corley has served as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary since 2008. Kelly previously served as senior vice president, general counsel and secretary since 1999. Prior to becoming general counsel, Kelly was managing director for Morgan Stanley's global government and regulatory relations. She holds a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Southern California and a J.D. from George Mason University School of Law.


Brian Hughes
Executive Vice President,Chief Risk Officer
 
Brian Hughes was named executive vice president in December 2016 and has served as chief risk officer since May 2016. Since joining Discover in 2012, Brian has also held leadership positions in the Deposits business and Cardmember Marketing.  Prior to joining Discover, Brian worked at HSBC, where he served as CEO and senior executive vice president of HSBC's U.S. credit card business. Brian holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering with high honors from University of Illinois in Champaign and an M.B.A. with high honors from the Booth School of Business at The University of Chicago.



Julie Loeger
Executive Vice President,Chief Marketing Officer
 
Julie Loeger was named executive vice president in December 2015 and has served as chief marketing officer since 2015. Julie joined Discover in 1991 and has held leadership positions in many areas, including Rewards, Portfolio Marketing, Acquisition, Brand Management and Product Development. Prior to joining Discover, she held various marketing positions at Anheuser Busch, Inc. She holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from The University of Texas at San Antonio, an M.B.A. from Loyola University of Chicago and attended the executive program at The Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College.


Carlos Minetti
Executive Vice President,President - Consumer Banking
 
Carlos Minetti has served as executive vice president, president of consumer banking since February 2014. He was appointed to oversee consumer banking products in 2006 and led cardmember services from 2001-2006. Prior to joining Discover, Carlos worked in card operations and risk management for American Express from 1987 to 2000, most recently as senior vice president. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering from Texas A&M University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.


Diane E. Offereins
Executive Vice President,President - Payment Services
 
Diane E. Offereins was named executive vice president, payment services in 2008 with responsibility for Discover Network, PULSE and Diners Club International. She was executive vice president and chief technology officer from 1998 to 2008. She has overseen the PULSE Network since 2006. From 1993 to 1998, Diane was at MBNA America Bank, most recently as senior executive vice president. She holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting from Loyola University.


James V. Panzarino
Executive Vice President,President - Credit and Card Operations
 
James V. Panzarino has served as executive vice president, president of credit and card operations since January 2015, after serving as chief credit risk officer since 2006.  He was senior vice president of Cardmember Assistance from 2003 to 2006.   Prior to joining Discover, Jim was vice president of external collections and recovery at American Express from 1998 to 2002. He holds a bachelor's degree in business management and communication from Adelphi University.


R. Douglas Rose
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
 
Doug Rose joined Discover in April 2013 as senior vice president, chief human resources officer. Prior to joining Discover, Doug was vice president, human resources at United Airlines. He was also senior vice president, human resources at Capital One and a human resources consultant for Hewitt Associates. Doug holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Pennsylvania and a master's degree from the University of Michigan.


Glenn P. Schneider
Executive Vice President,Chief Information Officer
 
Glenn Schneider joined Discover in 1993 and is executive vice president, chief information officer. Prior to being named CIO in 2008, he was responsible for Application Development and Marketing Applications. Prior to joining Discover, Glenn worked for Kemper Financial Services as a Programmer. He holds a bachelor's degree in economics and computer science from Northern Illinois University.






MORE READING

 Annual Reports Download Paper and Forest Products Commitment Community Support Roundup 



Taking care of customers is at the heart of everything we do.
Watch Video 









Footer Region





Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window 
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window









Credit Cards

Credit Cards
NHL Credit Card
Cash Back Credit Cards
Travel Credit Card
Student Credit Cards
Secured Credit Card
Compare Credit Cards
Cardmember Agreement
Accessibility
Credit Card Benefits



rewards

5% Cashback Bonus
Discover Deals
Redemption Options
Refer a Friend



Other Products

Banking
Home Loans

Home Equity Loans
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Balance Transfer
Debt Consolidation



Help & Support

Help Center
Global Acceptance
Register or Update Travel
Military (SCRA) Benefits
Report Lost or Stolen Card
ATM Locator
Credit Resource Center



about us

About Discover
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Careers
Accept Discover





Site Map
Contact Us


 AdChoices



Terms of Use
Privacy
Security Center


© Discover Bank, Member FDIC.

Equal Housing Lender
Member FDIC
Opens in a new window

It pays to DISCOVER





























   



Share This Site
Close 
 Facebook Twitter Google 
 Del.icio.us Digg 




 

   
   




 Close




We're sorry your browser does not support video playback.


















 






R. Mark Graf, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Discover Financial Services


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













R. Mark Graf



Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
at
Discover Financial Services


Location: United States





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









R. Mark Graf



Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
at
Discover Financial Services


Location: United States




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




R. Mark Graf joined Discover in 2011 as executive vice president, chief financial officer. Prior to joining Discover, Mark was an investment advisor with Aquiline Capital Partners, a private equity firm specializing in investments in the financial services industry. Prior to that, he was a partner at Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital from 2006 to 2008. Mark was executive vice president and chief financial officer for Fifth Third Bank from 2004 to 2006, after having served as its treasurer from 2001 to 2004. He holds a bachelor’s degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Finance as a service




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A
























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



R. Mark GrafCareer (3)






2011




Discover Financial Services



Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President







2008 to 2011




Aquiline Capital Partners



Investment Advisor







2006 to 2008




Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital



Partner








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



R. Mark GrafEducation










Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania












 Edit



R. Mark GrafAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for R. Mark Graf






 Edit



R. Mark GrafLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for R. Mark Graf









R. Mark GrafInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for R. Mark Graf









R. Mark GrafInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for R. Mark Graf








R. Mark GrafRelated People








Colleagues at Discover Financial Services







James Panzarino

EVP, Chief Credit and Card Operations officer
Feb-2014









Carlos Minetti

Executive Vice President and President - Consumer Banking
Feb-2014









Steven Cunningham

Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer
May-2013









Douglas Rose

Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Apr-2013








View all 
Peers (84)







Marc Rothman

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of Verifone Holdings









Vasant Prabhu

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Visa









Stephane  Bello

EVP & Chief Financial Officer of Thomson Reuters









Stephen  Scheppmann

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Teradata









Scott Ellyson

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Mozido









Raj K. Agrawal

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Interim) of Western Union Company












View all 



R. Mark GrafRecommended Market Profiles (5)








Mobile Wallet

10,000 or More employees
7 companies








        Payments (Fintech)

10,000 or More employees
80 companies








FinTech Landscape (Abridged)

10,000 or More employees
35 companies








Cards (US)

10,000 or More employees
16 companies








FinTech Landscape (Abridged)

10,000 or More employees
17 companies



















Discover Financial Services (DFS)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Discover Financial Services (DFS)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsConsumer Lending












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				DFS on New York Consolidated


				60.26USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.18


					            (-0.30%)
					        






Prev Close

$60.44


Open

$60.40




Day's High

$60.89


Day's Low

$60.20




Volume

3,526,890


Avg. Vol

3,126,542




52-wk High

$74.33


52-wk Low

$53.91











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							David Nelms

56
2009

                                Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer




							Roger Hochschild

52
2004

                                President, Chief Operating Officer




							R. Mark Graf

53
2012

                                Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President




							R. Douglas Rose

48
2013

                                Chief Human Resource Officer, Senior Vice President




							Glenn Schneider

55
2015

                                Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer




							Julie Loeger

53
2015

                                Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer




							Brian Hughes

49
2016

                                Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer




							Kathryn Corley

57
2008

                                Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Carlos Minetti

54
2014

                                Executive Vice President, President - Consumer Banking




							Diane Offereins

59
2010

                                Executive Vice President, President - Payment Services




							James Panzarino

64
2014

                                Executive Vice President, President - Credit and Card Operations




							Lawrence Weinbach

77
2009

                                Lead Independent Director




							Jeffrey Aronin

49
2007

                                Independent Director




							Mary Bush

69
2007

                                Independent Director




							Gregory Case

54
2007

                                Independent Director




							Candace Duncan

62
2014

                                Independent Director




							Joseph Eazor

54
2016

                                Independent Director




							Cynthia Glassman

69
2009

                                Independent Director




							Richard Lenny

65
2009

                                Independent Director




							Thomas Maheras

54
2008

                                Independent Director




							Michael Moskow

79
2007

                                Independent Director




							Mark Thierer

57
2013

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							David Nelms


					
							Mr. David W. Nelms is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Nelms has served as the chief executive officer of Discover since 2004 and served as our president and chief operating officer from 1998 to 2004. Mr. Nelms led our business as a director from 1998 and our Chairman from 2004 until the June 2007 spin-off from Morgan Stanley, our former parent company. Mr. Nelms is currently serving a three-year term on the Federal Reserve Board of Chicago Board of Directors. Mr. Nelms also serves on the board of directors of CDW Corporation, a leading provider of technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare. Prior to joining Discover, Mr. Nelms worked at MBNA America Bank from 1991 to 1998, most recently as a vice chairman. From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Nelms was a senior product manager for Progressive Insurance. From 1986 to 1990, Mr. Nelms was a management consultant with Bain & Company. Mr. Nelms’ deep understanding of the Company’s business and the financial services industry provides critical expertise to the Company and makes him well-qualified to serve as Chairman. He also brings valuable leadership experience in risk management, consumer financial services, including operating in the current regulatory environment, corporate finance, information technology and knowledge of operations and the day-to-day management of a global financial corporation, which plays a critical role in board discussions regarding strategic planning and business development for the Company.




							Roger Hochschild


					
							Mr. Roger C. Hochschild is President, Chief Operating Officer of the Company. He has held this role since March 2004. Mr. Hochschild was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Strategic Officer (2001 to 2004) and Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer - Discover (1998 to 2001) of our former parent Company Morgan Stanley. Mr. Hochschild holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College.




							R. Mark Graf


					
							Mr. R. Mark Graf is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. He has held this role since March 2004. Mr. Hochschild was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Strategic Officer (2001 to 2004) and Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer - Discover (1998 to 2001) of our former parent company Morgan Stanley. Mr. Hochschild holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College.




							R. Douglas Rose


					
							Mr. R. Douglas Rose is Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. He has held this role since April 2013. Prior to joining us, he served as Vice President, Human Resources at United Airlines from 2009 to 2013. He was also Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Capital One and a Human Resources consultant for Hewitt Associates. Mr. Rose holds a Bachelor's degree in Communications from the University of Pennsylvania and a Master's degree from the University of Michigan.




							Glenn Schneider


					
							Mr. Glenn P. Schneider is an Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer of the Company. He has held this role since January 2015. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer (2008 to 2015), Senior Vice President, Application Development (2003 to 2008), and Vice President, Marketing Applications (1998 to 2003). Prior to joining us in 1993, Mr. Schneider worked for Kemper Financial Services as a Programmer. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics/Computer Science with a minor in Statistics from Northern Illinois University.




							Julie Loeger


					
							Ms. Julie A. Loeger is Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. She has held this role since December 2015. From April 2015 to December 2015, she served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer. Ms. Loeger joined Discover in 1991 and has held leadership positions in many areas, including Rewards, Portfolio Marketing, Acquisition, Brand Management and Product Development. Prior to joining Discover, She held various marketing positions at Anheuser Busch, Inc. She holds a Bachelor’s of Business Administration degree in Finance from The University of Texas at San Antonio, an M.B.A. from Loyola University Chicago and attended the executive program at The Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College.




							Brian Hughes


					
							Mr. Brian D. Hughes is Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He has held this role since December 2016 and been Chief Risk Officer since May 2016 and is responsible for Corporate Risk Management, Model Risk Management, and Compliance, including the AML/BSA compliance program. He joined Discover in 2012 as Senior Vice President and has held leadership positions in Credit Risk Management, Deposit Products and Cardmember Marketing. Prior to joining us, Mr. Hughes held leadership roles at HSBC North America (2004-2012) and Booz & Co. (1993-2004). He holds a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. from the Booth School of Business at The University of Chicago.




							Kathryn Corley


					
							Ms. Kathryn McNamara Corley is Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary of the Company. She has held this role since February 2008. Previously, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (1999 to 2008). Prior to becoming General Counsel, Ms. Corley was Managing Director for our former parent company Morgan Stanley's global government and regulatory relations. Ms. Corley holds a Bachelor's degree in Political Science from the University of Southern California and a J.D. from Antonin Scalia Law School at George Mason University.




							Carlos Minetti


					
							Mr. Carlos Manuel Minetti is Executive Vice President, President - Consumer Banking of the Company. He has held this role since February 2014. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President, President - Consumer Banking and Operations (2010 to 2014), Executive Vice President, Cardmember Services and Consumer Banking (2007 to 2010), and Executive Vice President for Cardmember Services, and Chief Risk Officer (2001 to 2007). Prior to joining us, Mr. Minetti worked in card operations and risk management for American Express from 1987 to 2000, most recently as Senior Vice President. Mr. Minetti holds a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering from Texas A & M University and an M.B.A. from the Booth School of Business at The University of Chicago.




							Diane Offereins


					
							Ms. Diane E. Offereins is an Executive Vice President, President - Payment Services of the Company. She has held this role since April 2010. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President, Payment Services (2008 to 2010) and Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (1998 to 2010). In 2006, she assumed leadership of the PULSE network. Prior to joining us, Ms. Offereins worked at MBNA America Bank from 1993 to 1998, most recently as Senior Executive Vice President. Ms. Offereins holds a Bachelor's degree in Accounting from Loyola University New Orleans.




							James Panzarino


					
							Mr. James V. Panzarino is an Executive Vice President, President - Credit and Card Operations of the Company. He has held this role since December 2014. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit and Card Operations Officer (2014), Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Risk Officer (2009 to 2013), Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Risk Officer (2006 to 2009), and Senior Vice President, Cardmember Assistance (2003 to 2006). Prior to joining us, Mr. Panzarino was Vice President of External Collections and Recovery at American Express from 1998 to 2002. Mr. Panzarino holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Management and Communication from Adelphi University.




							Lawrence Weinbach


					
							Mr. Lawrence A. Weinbach is Lead Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Weinbach has been chairman of Great Western Products Holdings, LLC, a manufacturer and master distributor of food and nonfood concession products, since 2009 and has been a managing director of Yankee Hill Capital Management, LLC, a private equity firm, since 2006. Prior to that, he was the executive chairman of Unisys Corporation, a worldwide information services and technology company, from 2005 to 2006, and its chairman and chief executive officer from 1997 to 2004. He also served as a director of Quadra Realty Trust, UBS, AG and Avon Products, Inc. Mr. Weinbach has experience in the financial and accounting industry and the information technology and financial services sectors. He began his career in 1961 at Arthur Andersen, ultimately serving as managing partner and chief executive of Andersen Worldwide, a global professional services organization, which included Arthur Andersen and the company now known as Accenture from 1989 to 1997. Mr. Weinbach’s strong financial background, gained through his private equity, accounting, investment banking and financial services experience, includes knowledge of risk management, governance, financial statements, corporate finance, accounting and capital markets. As a former chief executive officer, he also brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge of operations, corporate governance and the day-to-day management of a global corporation.




							Jeffrey Aronin


					
							Mr. Jeffrey S. Aronin is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Aronin is chairman and chief executive officer of Paragon Pharmaceuticals, a global development and biopharmaceutical investment firm, and is chairman and chief executive officer of Marathon Pharmaceuticals, a research based prescription biopharmaceutical company. From 2000 to 2009, Mr. Aronin was president and chief executive officer of Ovation Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biopharmaceutical company he founded in 2000. In 2009, Ovation Pharmaceuticals was acquired by Lundbeck, Inc. Mr. Aronin served as president and chief executive officer of Lundbeck, Inc. in 2009 during its acquisition and integration of Ovation Pharmaceuticals. He is the former chairman and chief executive officer at MedCare Technologies Inc., a publicly held healthcare company. Mr. Aronin has experience as a chief executive officer leading a global pharmaceutical company. His skills include strategic and business development, finance and marketing. He brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge in the operations and day-to-day management of a global corporation in a regulated industry. Mr. Aronin also has experience in the structuring and execution of strategic corporate transactions, including mergers and acquisitions.




							Mary Bush


					
							The Hon. Mary K. Bush is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Ms. Bush has served as the chairman of Bush International, LLC, a financial and business strategy advisory firm, since 1991. Ms. Bush is a member of the board of directors of ManTech International Corporation, Marriott International, Inc. and T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. In the past five years, she has also served as a director of the Pioneer Family of Mutual Funds. Ms. Bush brings extensive financial market, banking, government and international experience to the Board. She advises U.S. companies and foreign governments on international financial markets, banking and economic matters. She has served as managing director of the Federal Housing Finance Board, where she established financial policies and oversaw management and safety and soundness for 12 Federal Home Loan Banks. She served as vice president and head of International Finance of Fannie Mae, where she led funding transactions globally, and as the U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund Board. In 2007, she served on the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Advisory Commission on the Auditing Profession. Ms. Bush brings a broad understanding of the operations and business and economic challenges of public companies and the financial services industry.




							Gregory Case


					
							Mr. Gregory C. Case is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Case has been president and chief executive officer of Aon plc, a leading global provider of risk management, insurance and reinsurance brokerage, since 2005 and is a member of Aon’s board of directors. Prior to joining Aon, Mr. Case was with McKinsey & Company, an international management consulting firm, for 17 years, most recently serving as head of the Financial Services Practice. Prior to joining McKinsey, he worked for the investment banking firm of Piper, Jaffray and Hopwood and the Federal Reserve Bank in Kansas City. Mr. Case has approximately 20 years of experience in the insurance and financial services industries, including in the areas of risk management services, insurance and reinsurance brokerage, and through his management consulting and banking experience. He brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge of business operations and the day-to-day management of a large, regulated global financial corporation. His skills include strategy and business development, risk management and people management.




							Candace Duncan


					
							Ms. Candace H. Duncan is Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Duncan retired from KPMG LLP, a global network of professional firms providing audit, tax and advisory services, in November 2013 where she was managing partner of the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area since 2009. Ms. Duncan also was on the KPMG LLP board of directors from 2009 to 2013, and served as chair of the board’s nominating committee as well as the partnership and employer of choice committee. Prior thereto, she served in various roles at the firm, including managing partner for audit for the Midatlantic area and audit partner in charge for the Virginia business unit. Ms. Duncan was admitted to the KPMG LLP partnership in 1987 and had more than 35 years of experience as a professional with the firm. Ms. Duncan is a member of the board of directors of FTD Companies, Inc. and Teleflex Inc. Ms. Duncan has experience leading and managing a large accounting firm’s growth priorities across its audit, tax and advisory functions in key markets. In addition, she has a strong financial and accounting background, gained through her many years of experience at KPMG LLP, including her experience as a lead audit partner for major international and domestic companies. She has served clients on a wide range of accounting and operational issues, public securities issuances and strategic corporate transactions. Her thorough knowledge of public company accounting, financial statements and corporate finance is of significant value to the Company.




							Joseph Eazor


					
							Mr. Joseph F. Eazor is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Eazor was the president and chief executive officer of EarthLink, Inc., a leading communications and IT services provider, and a member of EarthLink’s board from January 2014 until February 2017. From 2011 to 2013, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of global sales and customer operations at EMC and prior to that he served in a variety of leadership roles at Hewlett Packard and Electronic Data Systems. Mr. Eazor serves on the board of Commvault, a data protection and information management company. Mr. Eazor has a proven track record of leading successful global companies. He has extensive experience in international strategy and business development and in technology and IT services. In addition to his corporate roles, Mr. Eazor was a senior partner with McKinsey & Co. from 2010 to 2011 and a partner and board member of A.T. Kearney, Inc. from 1990-1999. Mr. Eazor also served on the board of Mphasis, a publicly traded company in India, and on the Asia Advisory Board of the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business.




							Cynthia Glassman


					
							Hon. Dr. Cynthia A. Glassman, Ph.D., is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Dr. Glassman was appointed by President Bush as Under Secretary for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Department of Commerce from 2006 to 2009 and as Commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 2002 to 2006, including serving as acting chair during the summer of 2005. Dr. Glassman is a director of Navigant Consulting, Inc. She is also a Senior Research Scholar at the Institute for Corporate Responsibility at the George Washington University School of Business. Dr. Glassman brings extensive regulatory, governance, risk management, financial services and banking experience to the Board. She holds a Ph.D. in economics and has spent over 40 years in the public and private sectors focusing on financial services regulatory and public policy issues. She held various positions over 12 years at the Federal Reserve, including as Chief of the Financial Reports Section and an Economist in the Capital Markets Section. She also has 15 years of experience in financial services consulting, including as a Principal of Ernst & Young LLP and Managing Director of Furash & Company. Through her experience, she brings a thorough and insightful perspective to a wide range of banking, financial, risk management, regulatory and corporate governance issues.




							Richard Lenny


					
							Mr. Richard H. Lenny is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services Mr. Lenny has served as non-executive chairman of Information Resources, Inc., a leading market research company since July 2013. He served as an operating partner at Friedman, Fleischer & Lowe LLC, a private equity firm, from 2011 to August 2014, at which time he became a senior advisor and served through mid-2016. Mr. Lenny was chairman, president and chief executive officer of The Hershey Company, a manufacturer, distributor and marketer of chocolate and non-chocolate candy, snacks and candy-related grocery products, from March 2001 until his retirement in December 2007. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Lenny was President of Nabisco Biscuit Company, which became a subsidiary of Kraft Foods, Inc. in 2000. Mr. Lenny is a director of McDonald’s Corporation, ConAgra Brands and ITW Inc. Mr. Lenny has experience as a chief executive officer for a global retail company that is a major consumer brand. Mr. Lenny’s skills include strategy and business development, finance, marketing and consumer insights. He has extensive marketing experience with strong consumer brands that is of critical importance to Discover. He also brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge in operations and the day-to-day management of a large global corporation.




							Thomas Maheras


					
							Mr. Thomas G. Maheras is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Maheras is the managing partner of Tegean Capital Management, LLC, an investment advisory firm based in New York since 2008. Prior to that he was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Citi Markets and Banking, the investment banking division of Citigroup, Inc., where he held roles of increasing responsibility after starting his career as a fixed-income trader at Salomon Brothers. He has served as chairman of the U.S. Treasury Department Borrowing Advisory Committee and as an executive committee member of the Board of Directors of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Mr. Maheras has extensive risk management, banking and capital markets experience, including 23 years at Citigroup where his responsibilities included leading the global capital markets business. He also brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge of operations and the day-to-day management of a global financial services organization. Mr. Maheras’ financial background and banking and financial services experience includes a knowledge of financial statements, corporate finance, accounting and capital markets.




							Michael Moskow


					
							Dr. Michael H. Moskow, Ph.D., is Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Moskow retired as president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago in 2007, where he had served since 1994. Mr. Moskow serves on the board of directors of Education Corporation of America and Commonwealth Edison Company, a subsidiary of Exelon Corporation. In the past five years, he has also served as a director of Taylor Capital Group Inc. and Northern Trust Mutual Funds. Mr. Moskow brings extensive regulatory, financial services and banking experience to the Board and has extensive knowledge of the economy and financial markets. He is currently Vice Chair and Distinguished Fellow, Global Economy at The Chicago Council on Global Affairs. From 1993 to 1994, he was a full-time faculty member at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. Prior to teaching at Northwestern, Mr. Moskow was a Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, following his appointment by President Bush in 1991. From 1969 to 1977, he held a number of senior positions with the U.S. government, including undersecretary of labor at the U.S. Department of Labor, director of the Council on Wage and Price Stability and senior staff economist with the Council of Economic Advisers. Through his senior regulatory positions, particularly in the financial services arena, and service on the boards of other financial institutions, he brings a thorough and insightful perspective to a wide range of banking, financial, regulatory and risk management issues.




							Mark Thierer


					
							Mr. Mark Alan Thierer is an Independent Director of Discover Financial Services. Mr. Thierer is the chief executive officer of OptumRx, a pharmacy care services company. He previously served as chairman and chief executive officer of Catamaran Corporation, one of the nation’s largest pharmacy benefit management companies, which combined with OptumRx in 2015. Mr. Thierer was a member of Catamaran’s board of directors and from 2008 to 2011, he was president and chief executive officer of Catamaran. From 2006 to 2008, he served as its president and chief operating officer. Mr. Thierer has experience as a chief executive officer leading a national pharmacy benefit and healthcare information technology solutions company. His skills include strategy and business development, technology, finance and marketing. He brings valuable leadership experience and knowledge of operations and the day-to-day management of a national corporation. Mr. Thierer also has experience in the structuring and execution of strategic corporate transactions, including mergers and acquisitions.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							David Nelms

8,776,020




							Roger Hochschild

5,287,000




							R. Mark Graf

3,399,710




							R. Douglas Rose

--




							Glenn Schneider

--




							Julie Loeger

--




							Brian Hughes

--




							Kathryn Corley

--




							Carlos Minetti

4,960,080




							Diane Offereins

5,049,130




							James Panzarino

--




							Lawrence Weinbach

334,955




							Jeffrey Aronin

229,955




							Mary Bush

244,955




							Gregory Case

244,955




							Candace Duncan

239,955




							Joseph Eazor

279,314




							Cynthia Glassman

249,955




							Richard Lenny

234,955




							Thomas Maheras

239,955




							Michael Moskow

249,955




							Mark Thierer

229,955



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							David Nelms

45,315
1,345,000




							Roger Hochschild

41,860
1,242,860




							R. Mark Graf

0
0




							R. Douglas Rose

0
0




							Glenn Schneider

0
0




							Julie Loeger

0
0




							Brian Hughes

0
0




							Kathryn Corley

0
0




							Carlos Minetti

52,549
379,693




							Diane Offereins

0
0




							James Panzarino

0
0




							Lawrence Weinbach

0
0




							Jeffrey Aronin

0
0




							Mary Bush

0
0




							Gregory Case

0
0




							Candace Duncan

0
0




							Joseph Eazor

0
0




							Cynthia Glassman

0
0




							Richard Lenny

0
0




							Thomas Maheras

0
0




							Michael Moskow

0
0




							Mark Thierer

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Corley Kathryn Mcnamara
4,000
$62.47


Nelms (David W)
30,000
$62.52


Hochschild (Roger C)
15,258
$62.48


Minetti (Carlos Manuel)
8,000
$62.42


Offereins (Diane E)
15,000
$62.51


Capozzi (Daniel Peter)
3,294
$0.00


Offereins (Diane E)
15,000
$59.03


Hochschild (Roger C)
15,258
$58.96


Nelms (David W)
30,000
$58.97


Minetti (Carlos Manuel)
8,000
$58.88


Corley Kathryn Mcnamara
4,000
$58.96


Moskow (Michael H)
2,350
$60.67


Duncan Candace H
2,324
$0.00


Moskow (Michael H)
2,324
$0.00


Weinbach (Lawrence A)
2,324
$0.00


Aronin (Jeffrey S)
2,324
$0.00


Case (Gregory C)
2,324
$0.00


Maheras (Thomas G)
2,324
$0.00


Eazor Joseph F
2,324
$0.00


Thierer (Mark Alan)
2,324
$0.00


Bush (Mary K)
2,324
$0.00


Lenny (Richard H)
2,324
$0.00


Glassman (Cynthia A)
2,324
$0.00


Nelms (David W)
25,000
$0.00


Offereins (Diane E)
15,000
$62.31




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsConsumer Lending




















