


Granite Investment Partners | Contact Us

















Contact Us


Los Angeles Office

The Atrium at Continental Park
2321 Rosecrans Ave, Suite 4200
El Segundo, California 90245

Phone: (310) 933-4292
E-mail: info@granitepartners-llc.com









Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.







Granite Investment Partners | Quarterly Fund Fact Sheets

















                h

Micro Cap
Small Growth
Small Core
Small Core Plus

Large Cap
All Cap
Private Client Portfolios
Quarterly Fact Sheets


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheets


3Q 2016 Granite Micro Cap
3Q 2016 Granite Small Growth
3Q 2016 Granite Small Core
3Q 2016 Granite Small Core Plus
3Q 2016 Granite Large Cap
3Q 2016 Granite All Cap








Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.







Granite Investment Partners | Small Core Equity


















Micro Cap
Small Growth
Small Core
Small Core Plus

Large Cap
All Cap
Private Client Portfolios
Quarterly Fact Sheets


Small Core Equity


Small Core Equity Team

Jeffrey Hoo

Joshua Shaskan

Peter Lopez

Pankaj Chandak


Objective
To consistently outperform the Russell 2000™ Index over a full market cycle (typically 3-5 years) with less than commensurate risk.
Granite’s investment philosophy is a fundamental and research driven approach to investing in a concentrated portfolio of high quality stocks.  
Our Small Core Equity strategy views investing as a continuum rather than mutually exclusive growth and value segments. Nearly all sectors, 
industries and stocks can demonstrate both growth and value characteristics depending on where they are in the economic or business development cycle. 
Granite is devoted to finding companies with strong management teams and superior business models that can also benefit from catalysts expected to 
drive gains in discretionary free cash flow, revenue, earnings and returns on invested capital.  In many cases these companies have improving fundamentals 
and are selling below their intrinsic values.
Portfolio Structure

Process: Focus on unique business franchises where management strategies for growth or improving business fundamentals will increase intrinsic business value
Concentrated: Portfolio typically holds 60 stocks
Market Capitalization: Minimum market cap $100 million; $3 billion maximum market cap at time of purchase
Diversified: Broad diversification across industries and sectors
Low Turnover: Annual turnover between 40-60%
Fully Invested: Not greater than 5% cash position generally

3Q 2016 Granite Small Core

Past performance is not indicative of future results. Information presented here should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell a particular security. Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an independent, registered investment adviser. More information about the adviser including its investment strategies and objectives is available upon request.  The material presented here is not financial advice.  It should not be assumed that any of the strategies discussed were or will prove to be profitable, or that the investment recommendations or decisions we make in the future will be profitable.  Certain tax-managed strategies should not be construed as tax advice; clients or prospective clients should seek tax advice from their tax professional.  The information on this website is for informational purposes only.







Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.







Granite Investment Partners | Small Growth Equity


















Micro Cap
Small Growth
Small Core
Small Core Plus

Large Cap
All Cap
Private Client Portfolios
Quarterly Fact Sheets


Small Growth Equity


Small Growth Equity Team

Joshua Shaskan

Jeffrey Hoo

Peter Lopez

Pankaj Chandak


Objective
To consistently outperform the Russell 2000™ Growth Index over a full market cycle (typically 3-5 years) with less than commensurate risk
Granite’s investment philosophy is a fundamental and research driven approach to investing in a concentrated portfolio of high quality companies that offer distinct and sustainable competitive advantages over their peers. Granite is devoted to finding companies with strong management teams and superior business models that can also benefit from catalysts expected to drive gains in discretionary free cash flow, revenue, earnings and returns on invested capital.
Portfolio Structure

Process: Follow a fundamental, research-driven process to identify unique companies that demonstrate: superior company management performance, sustainable business models, and accelerating free cash flow
Concentrated: Portfolio typically holds 25-50 stocks
Market Capitalization: Minimum market cap $100 million; $3 billion maximum market cap at time of purchase
Diversified: Broad diversification across industries and sectors
Low Turnover: Annual turnover between 40-60%
Fully Invested: Not greater than 5% cash position generally

3Q 2016 Granite Small Growth

Past performance is not indicative of future results. Information presented here should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell a particular security. Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an independent, registered investment adviser. More information about the adviser including its investment strategies and objectives is available upon request.  The material presented here is not financial advice.  It should not be assumed that any of the strategies discussed were or will prove to be profitable, or that the investment recommendations or decisions we make in the future will be profitable.  Certain tax-managed strategies should not be construed as tax advice; clients or prospective clients should seek tax advice from their tax professional.  The information on this website is for informational purposes only.







Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.















 





Granite Investment Partners | Investment Process

















Investment Process

Objective
Granite's objective in managing equity portfolios is to provide superior risk-adjusted returns and to outperform relative benchmarks over a full market cycle.
Investment Philosophy
Granite's investment philosophy is a fundamental and research driven approach to investing in a concentrated portfolio of high quality companies between the appropriate market cap ranges for the given strategy. Granite is devoted to finding companies with strong management teams and superior business models that can also benefit from catalysts expected to drive gains in discretionary free cash flow, revenue, earnings and returns on invested capital.
Decision Process
Universe and Industry Screen
Granite’s capitalization strategy is a by-product of our investment philosophy.


Micro Cap
$10 million - $500 million market cap range


Small Cap
$100 million - $3 billion


Small/Mid Cap
$100 million - $5 billion


Mid Cap
$1 billion - $15 billion


Large Cap
$2 billion - Unlimited


All Cap
$100 million - Unlimited


These universes have remained consistent over time.
Independent Research
Original research is the core of our investment process and all portfolio managers are also analysts.  Each member of the investment team is responsible for researching and recommending investment ideas.
The generation of new ideas starts with an eclectic group of sources, including company managements, industry contacts, trade shows, industry conferences, trade and general media, proprietary quantitative screens and, on a limited basis, Wall Street research.
Independent sources such as customers, suppliers, and competitors are often used to cross-reference facts and information derived from company management interviews. These meetings and discussions can also add a different perspective to the merits of an investment idea.
Granite company research may also include a “Porter’s 5 Forces” analysis which reviews entry barriers and the threat of new entrants, threat of substitutes, bargaining power of buyers and suppliers and rivalry among competitors, as well as a business discussion and an earnings model which reflects historical and expected financial performance.
After the initial review, the most compelling ideas are presented to the entire investment team in order determine which companies merit further due diligence and research.
Analysis
Qualitative Analysis

Proven Company Management
In meeting with management teams, the evaluation may include a determination of their vision, culture, incentive plans, strengths and weaknesses.  Our goal is to invest in companies with management teams that are experienced, prudent, visionary, have a history of success and act in the long-term best interest of shareholders, particularly through effective allocation of capital.
Superior Business Models
We search for companies which have the organizational processes and a structure in place to meet today’s evolving challenges. Many of these companies maintain dominant market share yet have transparency of their operations.  We also prefer to invest in companies that demonstrate organic growth, recurring revenue models and an operating business that benefits from incremental unit volume increases that fall directly to the bottom line. This evaluation often includes reviewing the company’s product lines, distribution capabilities and product pricing.
Fundamental Catalysts for Positive Change
We believe that value can be added when we identify, at an early stage, positive changes affecting a company that the market has yet to discern.  These catalysts are often a mixture of secular trends, such as technological advances or structural changes in an industry, combined with positive fundamental changes occurring within a company.  Fundamental catalysts are often the greatest driver of the growth of revenue and earnings for a company. Examples of fundamental catalysts include; a new product introduction, application of an emerging technology, a positive change in management, advances in operational efficiencies or a strategic acquisition.

Quantitative Analysis

Operating Metrics
After reviewing the qualitative aspects a company we then focus on the quantitative side, including operating metrics. We tend to focus more on positive changes in cash flow and not on accounting earnings and those companies with increasing returns on invested capital versus the cost of their capital, reasonable debt levels and strong balance sheets. We also prefer that these companies have expense and operating leverage, improving margins and earnings per share growth. 
Superior Business Models
We search for companies which have the organizational processes and a structure in place to meet today’s evolving challenges. Many of these companies maintain dominant market share yet have transparency of their operations.  We also prefer to invest in companies that demonstrate organic growth, recurring revenue models and an operating business that benefits from incremental unit volume increases that fall directly to the bottom line. This evaluation often includes reviewing the company’s product lines, distribution capabilities and product pricing.
Cash Flow Modeling 
The Granite research team often conducts rigorous cash flow modeling to determine the sustainability of a company’s cash flow which is then reconciled back to its earnings. The research group utilizes an extensive proprietary investment model which dissects key operational aspects of a company’s performance. We evaluate a company’s ability to generate cash from earnings utilizing these proprietary ratios. An example of this would include assessing the earnings quality of a company by comparing cash EBITDA relative to income EBITDA. This metric gives us a good indication of the cash conversion quality of companies we consider. We also review free cash flow yield, compare free cash flow relative to net income and working capital management.

Valuation Criteria
Critical to the investment process is the identification of companies exhibiting the highest growth potential at the most attractive prices or valuations. We prefer companies that are selling at a price level below their intrinsic business value and their projected growth rate or relative to alternative investments within an industry. In reviewing intrinsic value of a company we often generate discounted cash flow models over a five to seven year time horizon. Often these companies may have missed recent earnings estimates but have improving fundamentals and lower valuations. Other proprietary valuation models may be built for companies considered for investment and form the basis for our valuation judgments.
Security Selection
Companies that pass the rigorous qualitative and quantitative assessments from fundamental research are presented to the equity team for review. These group evaluations ensure that the reasoning and analysis behind each recommendation is solid and defensible and that the criteria of superior business models, proven managements and a fundamental catalyst which will increase discretionary free cash flow are considered.  Final security selection is a result of the compilation of all analysis and is at the discretion of the Portfolio Manager.
Portfolio Construction
All portfolios are well-diversified. A typical individual position size at purchase is 1% - 2% and generally doesn’t exceed 8% at market value. No more than 35% of the portfolio can be invested in any one broad Russell sector in the strategy’s appropriate index. All strategies are managed with the objective of generally remaining fully invested. Cash allocation is residual to our fundamental bottom-up investment process. Cash levels are typically in the 1%-5% range. Cash would rarely rise above 10% or fall below 1%. All accounts are monitored on an on-going basis by the portfolio manager responsible. Client restrictions and guidelines are documented, and if possible, quantified on Granite’s portfolio accounting system. Compliance with client guidelines is reviewed on a regular basis by the portfolio manager and compliance personnel.
Sell Discipline
The sell disciplines we use incorporates several factors, including: individual securities reaching the maximum market cap, identification of a better idea, overvaluation relative to the research team’s determined fair value compared to other like securities, a deterioration in company fundamentals,  a questionable change in strategy or failure to meet operating objectives.
Risk Control
At the security level, the primary portfolio risk control mechanism is our fundamental evaluation of a company’s business model, management team and financials. We also control risk through the portfolio construction process limiting individual position size and broad sector exposure previously described. In addition to security level and portfolio construction risk controls we overlay the secular catalysts identified to insure diversification across many industries and sectors.
Decision Process Flow
Our internal research is presented at our daily research meetings as well as monthly at our equity strategy meetings. Daily meetings focus on updates of news items affecting our holdings such as events leading to change in the financial markets and developments in global markets. Monthly meetings cover more comprehensive company analysis in which new ideas are presented by team members to the entire group. These presentations are a focal part of our discussion and debate and an integral part of any stock recommendation.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Information presented here should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell a particular security. Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an independent, registered investment adviser. More information about the adviser including its investment strategies and objectives is available upon request.  The material presented here is not financial advice.  It should not be assumed that any of the strategies discussed were or will prove to be profitable, or that the investment recommendations or decisions we make in the future will be profitable.  Certain tax-managed strategies should not be construed as tax advice; clients or prospective clients should seek tax advice from their tax professional.  The information on this website is for informational purposes only.






Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.







Granite Investment Partners | Micro Cap Equity


















Micro Cap
Small Growth
Small Core
Small Core Plus

Large Cap
All Cap
Private Client Portfolios
Quarterly Fact Sheets


Micro Cap Equity


Micro Cap Equity Team

Jeffrey Hoo

Joshua Shaskan

Peter Lopez

Pankaj Chandak



Objective
To consistently outperform the Russell Microcap® Index over a full market cycle (typically 3-5 years) with less than commensurate risk
Granite’s investment philosophy is a fundamental and research driven approach to investing in a concentrated portfolio of high quality companies 
            that offer distinct and sustainable competitive advantages over their peers.  Granite is devoted to finding companies with strong management teams 
            and superior business models that can also benefit from catalysts expected to drive gains in discretionary free cash flow, revenue, earnings and 
            returns on invested capital.  This accounts for 25-75% of the portfolio holdings in Granite’s Micro Cap Equity strategy.  The balance of the portfolio 
            is comprised of special situations that are unique to micro cap companies under $400M in market capitalization.  These special situations include: 
            companies without sell side coverage, delisted securities, companies selling under $1/share, companies requiring recapitalization and companies that 
            come public via either a SPAC or a reverse merger process. In many cases these companies have improving fundamentals and are selling below their 
            intrinsic values.
Portfolio Structure

Process: Portfolio typically contains a mixture of equity securities selected using the firm’s defined research process and equities chosen to take advantage of special situations
Concentrated: Portfolio typically holds 60-90 stocks
Market Capitalization: Market cap range at time of purchase $10 million to $500 million
Diversified: Broad diversification across industries and sectors
Fully Invested: Not greater than 5% cash position generally


3Q 2016 Granite Micro Cap
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Information presented here should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell a particular security. Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an independent, registered investment adviser. More information about the adviser including its investment strategies and objectives is available upon request.  The material presented here is not financial advice.  It should not be assumed that any of the strategies discussed were or will prove to be profitable, or that the investment recommendations or decisions we make in the future will be profitable.  Certain tax-managed strategies should not be construed as tax advice; clients or prospective clients should seek tax advice from their tax professional.  The information on this website is for informational purposes only.






Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.







Granite Investment Partners | Home



















Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an independent registered 
    investment advisor based in the Los Angeles area dedicated to managing assets for 
    Institutional and Private Clients. Granite is 100% employee owned.  At Granite, we 
    specialize in the management of high quality domestic equity portfolios across the market 
    capitalization spectrum adhering to time tested investment principles with the goal of 
    achieving superior risk adjusted investment performance.






Copyright 2010-2016. Granite Investment Partners, LLC. All Rights Reserved.





Granite Investment Partners, LLC : Top Money Managers  



Granite Investment Partners, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:35 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Granite Investment Partners, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also provides its services to individuals, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, and state and municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm invests in growth and value stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations to create its equity portfolios. It benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against various Russell indices. Th...
Granite Investment Partners, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also provides its services to individuals, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, and state and municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm invests in growth and value stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations to create its equity portfolios. It benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against various Russell indices. The firm employs fundamental analysis with focus on bottom up approach to make its investments. It employs a combination of external and in-house research to manage its portfolio. Granite Investment Partners, LLC was founded in July 2009 and is based in El Segundo, California.
Detailed Description


The Plaza at Continental Park2321 Rosecrans AvenueSuite 4200El Segundo, CA 90245United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 310-933-4292

Fax: 310-943-2247

www.granitepartners-llc.com







Key Executives for Granite Investment Partners, LLC




Mr. Geoffrey Ira Edelstein J.D., CFA


      	Co-Founder, Principal, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robert William Foran


      	Co-Founder, Principal, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Bradley Giles Slocum


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      








Mr. Edward Sung Soo Han


      	Principal and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Peter Orlando Lopez


      	Principal and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Granite Investment Partners, LLC, please visit www.granitepartners-llc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Granite Investment Group
























Home
















AboutSenior HousingMulti-FamilyOther InvestmentsAffiliatesContactBlog







X





Granite Investment Group




						Menu
					

Contact


Contact







AboutSenior HousingMulti-FamilyOther InvestmentsAffiliatesContactBlog

















Think Strength. | Investment. | Integrity.<>


Think Strength.









Think Strength. | Investment. | Integrity.< >


Think Investment.









Think Strength. | Investment. | Integrity.< >


Think Integrity.









< >Eye Toward The FuturePlay Video










Knowledge ▸

Our skilled professionals create investment programs by identifying solid investment... More >


Our skilled professionals create investment programs by identifying solid investment opportunities. Our industry knowledge spans multi-family residential, commercial and industrial real estate, senior housing (skilled nursing & assisted living) ownership and operations, and distressed residential mortgages.



Experience ▸

In addition to sponsor and manager of various real estate product types, we're founders and... More >


In addition to sponsor and manager of various real estate product types, we're founders and managers of a senior housing operating company exceeding $500M annual revenue with over 150 years collective experience identifying, acquiring, managing and liquidating assets.




Foresight ▸

Quality investment opportunities can be challenging to source in a complex, changing... More >


Quality investment opportunities can be challenging to source in a complex, changing marketplace. Our seasoned team excels in identifying unique opportunities that may be overlooked by other investors due to poor management, marketing or infrastructure issues. 



Performance ▸

Our investments achieve consistently high returns while managing appropriate investor risk... More >


Our investments achieve consistently high returns while managing appropriate investor risk. We've produced over $400 million in asset value from our income producing properties. Today, we work with a diverse pool of institutional and retail investors, domestically and abroad.













About Us



History
Staff
Investor Relations
News & Events


 




History
Staff
Investor Relations
News & Events
 


 



 
Experience. Foresight. Reward.
Since 1995, Granite has been owner, sponsor or operator of over $1 billion of real estate assets with its many capital investment partners.
Historically based in the residential multi-family sector, Granite moved into other real estate opportunities according to the progress of the national economic cycle, market demand and the risk reward profile of each opportunity.
During the early 2000's, we commenced acquisition and operations in the senior housing healthcare sector. This was a shift in focus that provided a firmer foundation during the global financial crisis and national recession.
Granite also sponsors real estate investments in other asset classes, including self-storage, commercial and industrial properties, based on gauging market economics and risk reward balanced investment.
Watch Granite Investment's video "Eye Toward The Future" (1 minute) ▸ 


 
 



 
Investor Relations
Granite Investment Group offers an exceptional Investor Relations. We recognize that each investors' needs may differ.  It is our job to accommodate investors' requirements and our commitment to do so in a timely and informative manner.
Granite's Investor Relations will keep you up to date on your investments, financials and performance.  From time to time we may provide newsworthy industry media and interesting information for your consideration.
In today's business and investment environment, Investor Relations requires clear communication, strong performance, accurate reporting and progressive technology – All achieved with the utmost of professionalism. “Attention to detail” is an adage we live by.  At Granite, we pledge to meet such goals and consistently earn investors' confidence in our services, year after year. 



 
Current Investors
Please Contact
Scott Rickard, CIO srickard@graniteinvestment.com
Or
Nicole Hallsey, Director of Investor Services nhallsey@graniteinvestment.com 


 



 
Granite Press Releases

Granite Investment Group Acquires Five Skilled Nursing Facilities in South Texas For $90.1 Million
Granite Investment Group Sells Two Senior Housing Properties Near Austin, Texas for $23.4 Million
Granite Investment Group Acquires 48 Unit Assisted Living Facility Near Kansas City

 
Granite Insight Newsletter
It is important to us to keep you up to date and informed. In our newsletters, you will find interesting news and opinions about today's real estate market, investment opportunities and insights from our experienced staff of real estate and investment professionals.

Granite Insight — Teed up in 2016 (PDF)
Granite Insight — Lighting the Way to Real Estate Investing (PDF)
Granite Insight — Senior Housing (PDF)
Granite Insight — Putting Pen to Paper (PDF)
Granite Insight — Granite Gets Busy (PDF)
 



 
Events
Investor Appreciation Night
Check back soon. 


 



 
Our Staff
Granite Investment Group has a reputation as an experienced and reliable buyer, seller and sponsor of real estate investments in the private and institutional sectors. Granite's team of skilled real estate professionals offers a well-rounded level of experience gained from their individual backgrounds and diversification in multiple real estate product and geographical two billion dollars of commercial and residential real estate. 



 



Allen L. Boerner,Allen L. Boerner,
Chief Executive Officer & Chairman

Mr. Boerner has been involved in equity capital formation and investment, specializing in real estate for over thirty years. In 1976, Mr. Boerner formed his own real estate company in Southern California, specializing in brokerage, management, and syndication of investment income propertied.
In December of 1995, Mr. Boerner formed Granite Investment Group to capitalize on the opportunities in the Southern California marketplace. His network of high net worth sophisticated real estate investors has allowed the company to react quickly to profitable situations with the combination of adequate financial strength, strong real estate acquisition and operational experience.
Mr. Boerner also devotes much of his time outside of the office to various foundations and causes. Currently, he is serving on the Board of Directors for Lestonnac Clinic,  The Guardian Scholar Program at Cal State University Fullerton, Segerstrom Center for the Arts and Furnishing Hope.



 




Marianne Boivin,Marianne Boivin,
Executive Assistant to CEO

Key Role:  Responsible for providing high-level administrative and personal support and acting as the key liaison to the CEO in all general office inquires and requests.  Duties include administrative, clerical, arranging meetings, manage complex calendar scheduling, scheduling travel, handling information requests, preparing correspondence and liaising with board members. Additional responsibilities include assisting the legal department with administrative and project-based duties. 
Experience:  Mrs. Boivin joined Granite Investment Group in 2010. She has 15 years of experience working in administrative support roles in a land development, property management, and law firm offices.   Mrs. Boivin earned her Bachelors Degree from California State University Fullerton.



 




Sandra Frey,Sandra Frey,
Transaction Coordinator

Mrs. Frey provides administrative support to the Senior Housing Division. She is actively involved in all transactional aspects, including the due diligence, acquisition and disposition process, as well as day-to-day management and communication with third parties, lenders, and attorneys etc.
Mrs. Frey rejoined Granite Investment Group in 2014 after spending several years as an Executive Assistant in Germany, where she was born and raised. She has enjoyed being the “right-hand woman” for Senior Management for the past 10 years. Prior to joining Granite, she was assisting senior staff in the acquisition and disposition of multi-family properties, senior housing portfolios, self-storage projects and other development opportunities.



 




Jeremy Hallsey,Jeremy Hallsey,
Controller

Key Role:  Responsible for all corporate accounting functions for the Company, including its partnerships and Branson Property Management.
Experience:  Prior to joining Granite, Mr. Hallsey served in accounting and finance positions with Western National Group and Trinity Property Consultants.  Mr. Hallsey received his Bachelors Degree at Northern Arizona University.



 




Nicole R. Hallsey,Nicole R. Hallsey,
Director of Human Resources & Investor Services

Key Role: Responsible for Human Resources for Granite Investment Group and its affiliates.  Also oversees all Investor Services activity and securities compliance for the company's syndication projects.
Experience: Prior to joining Granite, Ms. Hallsey served as a Director of Human Resources for Trinity Property Consultants for several years, where she was responsible for all human resource activity for 350 employees.  During her tenure at Trinity and Granite, Ms. Hallsey has developed expertise in all aspects of Human Resource Management, including employee relations, employment and labor law compliance, compensation packages and benefits.  She has been a member of the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) since 2003.



 




John J. Heller,John J. Heller,
President

Mr. Heller is the President of Granite Investment Group and has been with the company since 1996.  Mr. Heller has had extensive experience in real estate income property transactions over the past twenty five years. 
Prior to joining Granite, Mr. Heller served as Vice President for Commercial Real Estate Owned Department for Home Savings of America, where he was responsible for directing the asset management activities for the commercial REO portfolio. He received his BA in Finance with an emphasis on Securities and Investments from California State University, Fullerton in 1982.



 




Carey P. Levy,Carey P. Levy,
Chief Operating Officer

Carey Levy rejoins Granite Investment Group as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Levy serves as an integral member of the senior management team for all facets of the Firm's operations. Mr. Levy brings vision, strategy and leadership to facilitate the company's growth, culture and strategic planning.
Previous to rejoining Granite, Mr. Levy as President, Passco Companies Development, was responsible for overseeing development acquisitions, due diligence, entitlements, financing, construction and marketing of significant real estate opportunities as well as repositioning major assets.
Mr. Levy is a seasoned professional with substantial experience of over twenty-five years in real estate investment, acquisitions and dispositions, asset management, financing, development, and marketing. Through the years Mr. Levy has built strong relationships with lenders and insitutional partners.  From 2003-2007, Mr. Levy served as Senior Vice President and Director of Acquisition, Investment and Development for Granite Investment Group, wherein he was responsible for overseeing all acquisitions, dispositions and financing of major projects and various portfolios of over $1 billion throughout the Western US, as well as instrumental in expanding the company's institutional financial partnerships, both in the US and Europe.
Mr. Levy also formerly served as Senior Vice President and Director, Closing Services for a nationally known real estate pension fund advisor, responsible for acquisitions of all property types, exceeding $400 million annually and maintained over $2 billion of assets under management. Prior to his years with the advisor, Mr. Levy owned and operated The Levy Companies, a real estate investment and marketing consulting firm, representing an array of institutional and privatized investors.
Mr. Levy pursued his educational interests with an emphasis in development, construction and marketing with a degree in Construction Management. In addition, he holds a General Contractor's License, Real Estate License, as well as experience in real estate law, finance and business management. Mr. Levy has been affiliated with numerous industry associations such as BIA, ICSC, CIDA, CREW, NMUA, NAREIM and TICA.



 
 



 



Holly Lewis,Holly Lewis,
Administrative Assistant

Key Role:  Primarily responsible for answering phones, scheduling meetings, and greeting guests.  Additional responsibilities include assisting accounting, investor relations and legal departments with administrative duties.   Experience:  Ms. Lewis joined Granite Investment Group in 2008.  She has 11 years of experience working in administrative support roles in the real estate, property management and mortgage industries.



 




Jennifer Lim,Jennifer Lim,
Staff Accountant

Key Role:  Responsible for various duties in accounting and finance.
Experience: Prior to joining Granite, Ms. Lim worked in real estate investment firm, DTI Investments as an accountant. Ms. Lim received her bachelor's degree at California State University, Los Angeles.



 




Phap Luong,Phap Luong,
Senior Financial Analyst

Key Role:  Underwriting, modeling and analysis of potential real estate investment opportunities identified by the company.  Research market data and review due diligence information to support investment decisions.  May also perform asset management related activities along with ad-hoc analysis and reporting. Experience:  Mr. Luong joined Granite Investment Group in 2011.  Prior to joining Granite, he worked for three years as an analyst for Raytheon.  Mr. Luong earned his Bachelor's Degree in Economics from UC, San Diego.



 




Amber Marceau,Amber Marceau,
Personal Assistant to CEO

Key Role:  Responsible for handling all personal financial activities for Allen Boerner.
Experience:  Mrs. Marceau joined Granite in late 1998 where she was responsible for supporting the Investment Division, handling the coordination of property acquisitions and was actively involved with the refinancing and sale of properties in the portfolio.  Mrs. Marceau also was responsible for all corporate marketing materials and the various aspects of Corporate Communications prior to being appointed to her current role.



 




Jason Price,Jason Price,
Senior Vice President, Senior Housing

Key Role:   Mr. Price oversees all aspects of Granite's  Senior Housing Group. His role includes procuring, negotiating and acquiring seniors housing assets, development of operating company relationships, and asset disposition and both asset and entity level capitalization strategies and programs for the Senior Housing Group. Mr. Price has worked within the healthcare and financial services industries for 15 years.  At Granite he has been part of the acquisition of nearly $1 billion in assets, including $600 million in seniors housing assets.  Previously he managed a network of 200+ physicians in New England engaged in Medicare risk contracting. In 2009 he was nominated to the NIC Future Leaders Council.  Previously he was selected as a Kauffman Entrepreneurship grant recipient. Mr. Price earned an MBA from the Babson College and graduated with a BA from Boston University. 



 




Scott Rickard,Scott Rickard,
Chief Investment Officer

Mr. Rickard is responsible for the development and implementation of the capital strategies for the company and its affiliated entities. Responsibilities also include maintaining and growing the company’s equity capital partner relationships, which currently consist of predominately High Net Worth individuals, small to medium sized family office groups and private equity firms both foreign and domestic. Mr. Rickard has been with the company since 2002, and has almost 30 years of extensive experience in real estate investment capital transactions. Prior to joining Granite Investment Group, Mr. Rickard served as President and Executive Director of one of the nation’s largest commercial real estate brokerage networks, which included licensed brokers in 40 cities. He is a member of the Board of Directors for Senior Care Centers, LLC, a senior housing operator headquartered in Dallas, Texas with annual revenues in excess of $600 million. Mr. Rickard is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and previously worked with Arthur Andersen & Company. He also maintains a FINRA Series 7 General Securities Representative License with Carolina Financial Securities, a broker-dealer, Member FINRA/ SIPC. Granite Investment Group and Carolina Financial Securities are not affiliated.
You can check the background of Mr. Rickard on FINRA's BrokerCheck.



 




Humair Sabir,Humair Sabir,
Vice President - Senior Housing

Mr. Sabir joined Granite Investment Group in May 2014 and serves as an integral member of the Senior Housings team. His responsibilities include procuring, negotiating, acquiring and managing seniors housing and skilled nursing assets.
Mr. Sabir has approximately a decade of experience in the health care real estate industry. Prior to joining Granite, he worked for Ventas, Inc. in a variety of different roles, including acquisitions and asset management. Most recently, he was an Asset Manager of a diversified portfolio of over 150 properties, consisting of leases, loans, joint-ventures, and distressed assets. Before that, he was a vital member of an elite team that lead the acquisition of multi-billion dollar assets, including the acquisition of a $7.4B competing healthcare REIT, the largest transaction in the firm’s history.
Mr. Sabir earned his Bachelor of Science in Finance with honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is also a Level III candidate for the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Program. He actively participates in the University of Illinois Business Alumni Mentors Program and also volunteers his time in the local community.



 
 


 








Senior Housing

 
 






 
Success in Senior Housing and Skilled Nursing Sectors
The population is growing at a faster rate among older ages than younger, making senior housing a very lucrative investment segment.
Potential for attractive yields and unique demographic and financial characteristics has resulted in senior housing real estate becoming a primary real estate asset class, enhancing the valuations of specialty healthcare REITs.
We have typically focused our senior housing efforts on the skilled nursing sector with an eye to the future on assisted living options. An appeal of senior housing investing is its resistance to downturns in economy, unlike economic pressures generally associated with the multi-family sector.
Transition to Regional Investments and Class A and B Quality Assets
In 2004, we established assisted living and skilled nursing real estate holdings with a regional investment focus in the southwest and mid-west, and an operating business in the southwest. By late 2008, we accumulated a senior housing real estate portfolio currently valued at approximately $500 million.
In 2009, we established Senior Care Centers LLC (SCC), a senior housing operating company headquartered in Dallas, Texas with facilities throughout the state. Since its inception, SCC has more than doubled its annual revenue to approximately $1.1 billion. SCC currently operates 100+ facilities with over 12,000 beds.
Granite typically focuses on newer, Class A and B quality assets that produce double-digit annual yields on investment. Investment transactions typically range from $10 million to $250 million, with a history of stabilized operations preferred. 



 
An Eye Toward The Future
To date, we have acquired both individual nursing facilities as well as portfolio acquisitions. We are searching for attractive investment opportunities in skilled nursing and assisted living and in other selected regions, based on the company's comprehensive evaluation of market factors, including population, demographics, state reimbursement policies and budget condition, and existing supply (occupancy, condition and age) among other factors. 


 








Multi-Family

 
 






 
Our Focus
Granite typically focuses on Class "B" and high "C" properties for its multifamily acquisitions, preferably in suburban locations with good access to employment centers, population growth, and strong demographics. Individual transaction size is $5 - $25 million, with asset sizes of 50-500 units. Geographically, the company prefers the West Coast, Dallas, Austin, Phoenix and Albuquerque as its primary markets but will consider other markets. 



 
Multi-Family Residential
For the first ten years after its inception in 1995, Granite's core business was acquiring undervalued multi-family properties in the Western United States and adding value through repositioning, restructuring and improving management results. In the late 90's and early 2000's, Granite was able to acquire a number of undervalued multi-family properties in growth markets, resulting in high returns for its investors. In the early-to-mid 2000's, Granite made the decision to liquidate the majority of its multifamily portfolio due to the  strong increase in values and returned capital  with significant profits to its investors.
Since that period, Granite primarily focused its acquisition efforts on senior housing and distressed loan assets. However, as the market constantly shifts, Granite  will focus on additional opportunities in multifamily in multiple markets with solid demographics. While the global financial crisis and the severe deterioration in the residential housing market resulted in significant uncertainty in the multifamily market, specific markets have recently seen a strengthening in occupancy levels and rental rates.
The 2010 US Census data suggests that the 25-29 age group, which has the highest propensity to rent, experienced steady growth between 2000 and 2010. As economic pressures and employment levels continue to depress incomes, moderately priced rental housing (B and C class products) in growth markets is expected to provide attractive investment opportunities over the next several years. In addition, the shift of homeowners to renter households is anticipated to have a positive impact on the economics of multifamily ownership in coming years as well. 


 








Other Investments

 
 






 
Depth in Other Asset Classes
Although our core investment product is Senior Housing and Multi-family, Granite has depth and experience in other asset classes. Based on economic drivers and demand, we have generated alternative real estate opportunities.
Granite continues to look for sound industrial business parks with multi-tenant occupancy which may have a value – added component. Management takeover or repositioning the asset in the marketplace with enhanced improvements can achieve strong upside for the exit strategy. In addition, Granite has a track record of sponsoring and developing self-storage facilities, predominantly in the CA and TX markets. 



 
Granite's experience aided in establishing and owning Granite Loan Solutions as an alternative investment vehicle, purchasing distressed residential mortgages and generating solid returns for its investors prior to its sale in 2013. 


 








Affiliates

 
 






 

Helping your loved ones live the life they deserve.
Senior Care Centers (SCC) provides Skilled Nursing Care, Long-term Care, Alzheimer's Care, Assisted Living, and Independent Living with a personal touch.
SCC provides the highest standards of care in a compassionate, respectful and enjoyable environment. Quality of life is as important to Senior Care Centers as quality of care. That means all residents deserve personalized medical treatment, stimulating activities, good food, and the ability to maintain independence for as long as possible.
SCC currently operates in Texas and Louisiana and operates 100+ health communities.
Phone: 214-252-7600
Web: www.seniorcarecentersltc.com
 



 
 

Granite Strategic Investments (“GSI”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Granite Investment Group (“Granite”), an Irvine, California-based company, which currently manages over one billion in real estate assets. Granite participated in the space of acquiring, managing, and trading 1st lien distressed residential mortgages from 2010-2013 when it sold its distressed loan business to its management team. Granite made the decision to re-enter the business and formed GSI, whose primary objective is to be a market leader in the low-to-moderate income asset-class and provide solutions to both the banking sector, distressed homeowners, private investors, and local communities and neighborhoods that have been affected by the financial downturn in the housing market. Our focus is centered on loans secured by properties with market values of less than $200,000. We feel this sector of the market is underserved, and we specialize in this niche asset class.
Phone: 949-477-5800
Web: www.granitestrategic.com
 


 








Contact

 
 





 
Email Us
Investor Relations
Senior Housing Inquiry
Multi-Family Inquiry
Alternative Investment Inquiry
General Information
Employment 



 
Corporate Office
Granite Investment Group
2 Park Plaza, Suite 800, Irvine, CA 92614
Phone: 949.477.5800 | Fax: 949.477.1002
View full map and directions


 
www.map-embed.net
 


 








Granite Investment Partners, LLC | Wealthminder











































Granite Investment Partners, LLC


Granite Investment Partners, LLC
(CRD# 150632) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
El Segundo, CA.
They
manage $1,286,237,240 in 961 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 35 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Granite Investment Partners, LLC




2121 Rosecrans Avenue, Suite 2360,
El Segundo,
CA
90245
310-933-3199
https://www.granitepartners-llc.com




https://www.granitepartners-llc.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,286
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

961
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,338,436







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MT, NC, NE, NH, NJ, NV, NY, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, WA, WI






Financial Advisors at Granite Investment Partners, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Richard A. Passafiume



CRD#:
2545180



2121 Rosecrans Avenue, Suite 2360,
El Segundo,
CA
90245




93

Wealthminder
score








Richard Passafiume (CRD# 2545180) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Granite Investment Partners, LLC in El Segundo, CA and has 
over 20 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Geoffrey I. Edelstein



CRD#:
4354105



2121 Rosecrans Avenue, Suite 2360,
El Segundo,
CA
90245




90

Wealthminder
score








Geoffrey Edelstein (CRD# 4354105) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Granite Investment Partners, LLC in El Segundo, CA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now




















Granite Investment Partners












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Granite Investment Partners, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Granite Investment Partners

Company Information:Name:Granite Investment PartnersAddress:2121 Rosecrans AvenueSuite 2360El Segundo, CA 90245Phone:(310) 933-4292Website:www.granitepartners-llc.comCompany Products:


Granite Investment Partners Commentary




Granite Investment Partners - Interest Rates, Market Volatility



                    Granite Investment Partners provides their reflections on the second quarter. Topics discussed are mixed economic data, weaker GDP growth and the question on everyone's mind, when the Fed will raise i...





Specializing in Small Cap Growth: Granite Investment Partners



                    For investors seeking to add a small cap growth component to their diversified portfolio, or for those looking to replace their existing small cap money manager, we’d recommend considering the...








< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets














































GRANITE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






GRANITE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC






2321 ROSECRANS AVENUE, SUITE 4200, EL SEGUNDO,  California, 90245, (310) 933-3199


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
324


New Positions
25


Increased Positions
120


Decreased Positions
172


Positions with Activity
292


Sold Out Positions
19


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,561



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
2.74%


Basic Materials
4.83%


Industrials
14.95%


Consumer Cyclicals
14.73%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
7.78%


Financials
10.91%


Healthcare
14.62%


Technology
26.63%


Telecommunication Services
1.76%


Utilities
1.04%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






324 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



FACEBOOK INC
CL A
29,213
-950
(3.15)
171,395


AMAZON COM INC
COM
28,540
-829
(2.82)
27,285


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
24,556
-783
(3.09)
335,646


APPLE INC
COM
23,138
-763
(3.19)
153,678


WIX COM LTD
SHS
21,238
1,997
10.38
288,556


CALLIDUS SOFTWARE INC
COM
21,048
1,980
10.39
864,384


NEW RELIC INC
COM
20,589
18,387
835.09
431,364


ORBCOMM INC
COM
20,152
5,252
35.25
1,716,496


SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
19,350
1,807
10.30
470,799


NUTRI SYS INC NEW
COM
19,123
1,779
10.26
345,180


UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
COM
18,708
-619
(3.2)
99,020


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL C
18,006
-603
(3.24)
19,277


QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC
COM
17,329
2,131
14.02
1,481,111


ACXIOM CORP
COM
17,280
1,224
7.63
640,253


PAYPAL HLDGS INC
COM
17,078
-663
(3.74)
283,926


MERCURY SYS INC
COM
16,976
-2,463
(12.67)
388,377


ECOLAB INC
COM
16,750
-499
(2.89)
127,065


SITEONE LANDSCAPE SUPPLY INC
COM
16,239
6,913
74.12
313,365


TOPBUILD CORP
COM
16,009
5,478
52.01
305,579


NEW YORK TIMES CO
CL A
15,919
15,919
New
797,921




<< first< previous1234510121416next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































