

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF (ARCA:COMG) - Fundamentals Analysis


































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF
ARCA:COMG












Snowflake Description
No noteworthy features. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









COMG
ARCA
$0M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Asset Management and Custody Banks
Company description
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF is an exchange traded fund launched by Graniteshares Inc. More info.

 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING: This is a fund or ETF! Currently our data availability for these is poor, we only recommend using them as part of a portfolio.
WARNING!GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History
















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors

Sorry, no analysis for GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's competitors could be found in our database.

















Value
 Is GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 

 It is not possible to calculate the future cash flow value for GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF. This is due to cash flow or dividend data being unavailable. The share price is $24.11.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


Information is not available.

Information is not available.




Price based on expected Growth
Does GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's assets?


Information is not available.







X
Value checks
We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (0%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$0 = ($0 / (10.55% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $0
Current discount (share price of $24.11): %

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.55% = 2.33% + (1.072 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.072
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.072

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 0 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!

 Insufficient estimate data, unable to calculate 1 year growth expectation.





Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's growth in the last year to its industry (Financial Institutions).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has been loss making too recently or no data is available.

GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.

GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.




Profit History
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF had negative or no return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Financial Institutions industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's financial position? (This company is analysed differently as a bank or financial institution)

This company is a bank or financial institution.
Fundamentally a bank's business is based upon borrowing and lending money, for this reason they typically have high levels of debt and we analyse them differently.




Net Worth 








Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.








Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


 GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has no debt.
BANK ANALYSIS 
This company is a bank or financial institution, which is analysed accordingly below.
Below we check the amount of loans the bank has, how many of those are bad, and its ability to cover any bad loans.

Information is not available.
Information is not available.
Holds no customer deposits, loans are made up entirely of borrowed funds.

High level of bad loan coverage.
Acceptable level of bad loan write offs (less than 2%).





X
Financial health checks (Bank)
We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's financial health as a bank by checking for:

Leverage (Assets to Equity > 20x)? (1 check)
Coverage of bad loans (Bad Loan Coverage > 100%)? (1 check)
Proportion of lower risk deposits compared to total funding (Deposits to Liabilities < 50%)? (1 check)
Proportion of higher risk assets compared to total assets (Loans to Assets > 110%)? (1 check)
Total loans compared to deposit funding (Loans to Deposits > 125%)? (1 check)
Level of bad loans (Net Charge Off Ratio > 3%)? (1 check)
	GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.

	

Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
     We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's dividend by checking for:
    
Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
	GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Benoit Autier





CEO Bio

Mr. Benoit Autier serves as Portfolio Manager at GraniteShares Advisors LLC. 


CEO Compensation 
GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a new CEO, we can't show their compensation history.
CEO's compensation information is not available.



Management Team


Benoit Autier
TITLEPortfolio Manager




Board of Directors





Recent Insider Trading 



Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
     We assess GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF's management by checking for:
    
Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than  0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
	GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.
	
Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
	Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
	 Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








		GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF is an exchange traded fund launched by Graniteshares Inc. The fund is managed by GraniteShares Advisors LLC. It invests in commodity markets. The fund uses derivatives such as future contracts to invest in diversified commodities such as crude oil (WTI and Brent), corn, live cattle, wheat (Chicago and Kansas), heating oil, gasoil, gold, copper, RBOB gasoline, soybeans, natural gas, aluminum, lean hogs, sugar, cotton, feeder cattle, coffee, zinc, lead, nickel, cocoa and silver. It benchmarks the performance of the S&P GSCI Index. The fund invests in commodity futures contracts through a Cayman Islands subsidiary. GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF was formed on May 22, 2017 and is domiciled in the United States.
		

Details

Name:GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF
Ticker:COMG
Exchange:ARCA
Founded:2017
Market Cap:$0 million
Website:http://www.graniteshares.com/etf-products/3/comg-graniteshares-sandp-gsci-commodity-broad-strategy-no-k-1-e

Listings




Map




		30 Vesey Street, New York, 10007, United States

		





Street





Industry



Industry:Asset Management and Custody Banks
Sector:Diversified Financials










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy







Related Industries


Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


Diversified Financial Services


Consumer Finance


Capital Markets







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.  Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P.  S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information.  S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 




	GraniteShares Gold Trust(BAR) | Graniteshares


































Etfs

Our Insights
About Us
Press Room
Contact
Register





































































BAR

GraniteShares Gold Trust












Investment objective
The GraniteShares Gold Trust is designed to seek the performance of the price of gold, less trust expenses.
 


Trust Prices As of TBC




Nav

Net Asset Value$1.00

Daily Change $1.001.00%









Close Price
-


Mid-Point Price
-








Performance As of TBC




1 month
3 month
YTD
1 year
3 year
Since Trust Inception


BAR NAV
-0.32%
-
-
-
-
-2.44%


BAR Market Price
0.08%
-
-
-
-
-


Gold
-0.19%
-3.00%
-4.76%
-6.88%
-37.65%
-2.38%







Performance data quoted represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than original cost. Returns less than one year are not annualized. NAV prices are used to calculate market price performance prior to the date when the Trust first traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Market performance is determined using the bid/ask midpoint at 4:00pm Eastern time, when the NAV is typically calculated. Market performance does not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. For the trust’s most recent month end performance, please call 1(844) 476-8747, or visit www.graniteshares.com.
                                





Daily Premium Discount 
                                As of TBC



NAV$1.00

Price-





Current Data 






                             
                             
                        

Premium Discount / Frequency Chart 






How can the Trust trade at a premium/discount to its NAV?
The primary explanation is that timing discrepancies can arise between the NAV and the closing price of the Trust. Since shares of the Trust trade on the open market, prices are affected by the constant flow of information received by investors, corporations and financial institutions. Depending on how this changing information affects investor sentiment, shares of the Trust may deviate slightly from the value of the Trust's underlying assets. As a result, shareholders may pay more than NAV when they buy Trust shares and receive less than NAV when they sell those shares, because shares are purchased and sold at current market prices. However, due to the creation and redemption process that is unique to Trusts, market makers are able to minimize these deviations from NAV by taking advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
What causes these time discrepancies?
Close of Trading Times. Although both the NAV and the closing trade of the Trust are generally calculated at the closing time of 4:00 p.m. ET, some differences in this timing may cause discrepancies.
Time of Last Trade. Trading of GraniteShares Trusts generally takes place during normal trading hours (9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. eastern time). However, it is important to note that the last trade, when closing price is determined, may not occur at exactly 4:00 p.m. eastern time. Therefore, any market move during the time difference may cause the NAV to deviate from the closing price.



Benchmark Sector Breakdown As of TBC







Energy
27.30%


Precious Metals
12.04%


Industrial Metals
18.70%


Agriculture
35.08%


Livestock
6.89%






Sector breakdowns are subject to change



Top Trust Commodity Exposures As of TBC




Gold Aug17
15.03%


Corn Sep17
8.45%


Copper Sep17
8.20%


Brent Crude Oil Sep17
7.87%


Natural Gas Sep17
7.33%








Aluminum Sep17
5.80%


Soybeans Nov17
5.77%


WTI Crude Oil Sep17
5.60%


Wheat - Chicago Sep17
4.24%


Live Cattle Aug17
3.75%






Holdings are subject to change





Key Information



Product Ticker
BAR


AUM
TBD


Sponsor Fee
TBD


Inception Date
TBD


Benchmark
Gold


Total Expense Ratio
0.20%


Replication
PHYSICAL


Vault Location
-


Custodian
-


Vault Inspector
-


Vault Inspection frequency
-


Trustee
-


CUSIP
TBD


Exchange
NYSE ARCA


IOPV Ticker
BARIV





Key Documents


Prospectus



Factsheet



Bar List



FAQs













ETFs

COMMODITIES



ABOUT US

The Team
Press Room
Contact


Sign In





Our Insights








This website and its content has been provided by GraniteShares. Please click here for our full disclaimer, terms & conditions and privacy policy.

DISCLAIMER

This material must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. To obtain a prospectus visit the link www.graniteshares.com/etfs


Shares of the Trust are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), may lose value and have no bank guarantee.


BAR is not a mutual fund or any other type of Investment Company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and is not subject to regulation thereunder.


The Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended


The Trust is recently formed and has a limited history of operations. There can be no assurances that its objective will be met.


Trust shares trade like stocks, are subject to investment risk and will fluctuate in market value. The value of Trust shares relates directly to the value of the gold held by the Trust (less its expenses), and fluctuations in the price of gold could materially and adversely affect an investment in the shares. The price received upon the sale of the shares, which trade at market price, may be more or less than the value of the gold represented by them. Shares of the Trust are bought and sold at market price. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.


Market Price: The current price at which shares are bought and sold. Market returns are based upon the last trade price.


NAV: The dollar value of a single share, based on the value of the underlying assets of the fund minus its liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding. Calculated at the end of each business day.


Physical Replication: The Trust owns the underlying assets of the index whether they are stocks, bonds, or in this case, gold bars.
The objective of the Trust is for the value of the Shares to reflect, at any given time, the value of the assets owned by the Trust at that time less the Trust’s accrued expenses and liabilities as of that time. The Shares are intended to constitute a simple and cost-effective means of making an investment similar to an investment in gold. An investment in allocated physical gold bullion requires expensive and sometimes complicated arrangements in connection with the assay, transportation and warehousing of the metal. Traditionally, such expense and complications have resulted in investments in physical gold bullion being efficient only in amounts beyond the reach of many investors. The Shares have been designed to remove the obstacles represented by the expense and complications involved in an investment in physical gold bullion, while at the same time having an intrinsic value that reflects, at any given time, the price of the assets owned by the Trust at such time less the Trust expenses and liabilities. Although the Shares are not the exact equivalent of an investment in gold, they provide investors with an alternative that allows a level of participation in the gold market through the securities market.
The Sponsor of the Trust is GraniteShares LLC.


THE TRUST IS DISTRIBUTED BY FORESIDE FUND SERVICES, LLC.  GRANITESHARES IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH FORESIDE FUND SERVICES, LLC

FUND RISKS

Investing in the shares involves significant risks, including possible loss of principal. You could lose money on an investment in the Trust. For a more complete discussion of risk factors relative to the Trust, carefully read the prospectus.


Shares are created to reflect the price of the gold held by the Trust, the market price of the shares will be as unpredictable as the price of gold has historically been. This creates the potential for losses, regardless of whether you hold Shares for the short-, mid- or long-term.


The amount of gold represented by each share will decrease over the life of the Trust due to the sales of gold necessary to pay the Sponsor’s Fee and Trust expenses. Without increases in the price of gold sufficient to compensate for that decrease, the price of the Shares will also decline and you will lose money on your investment in shares.


The Trust is a passive investment vehicle. The price received upon the sale of shares may be less than the value of the gold represented by them.


The Trust is not a diversified investment, it may be more volatile than other investments.


The Trust may be forced to sell gold earlier than anticipated if expenses are higher than expected.


The Sponsor has no history of operating an investment vehicle like the Trust, its experience may be inadequate or unsuitable to manage the Trust.


Gold Benchmark - LBMA Gold Price PM. ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA) is the administrator for the LBMA Gold Price


2017 GraniteShares Inc. All rights reserved. GraniteShares, GraniteShares ETFs, and the GraniteShares logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of GraniteShares Inc., in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.









You are leaving this website.
By clicking the OK button below, you will be connected to a website maintained by a third party, and you acknowledge and agree to the following:
We are providing a link to the third party's website solely as a convenience to you, because we believe that website may provide useful content. 
We do not control the content on the third-party website; we do not guarantee any claims made on it; nor do we endorse the website, its sponsor, or any of the content, policies, activities, products or services offered on the website or by any advertiser on the site. We disclaim any responsibility for the website’s performance or interaction with your computer, its security and privacy policies and practices, and any consequences that may result from visiting it. The link is not intended to create an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or hold, any securities.

OK








Registration
Sign up for regular updates from GraniteShares

































Register









D2 Interactive






















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































	Graniteshares | A New Kind of ETF Company


































Etfs

Our Insights
About Us
Press Room
Contact
Register












































Etfs
GraniteShares Etfs











Commodities




Ticker
Fund Name
Inception Date
Expense Ratio
Aum
Downloads
Prospectus


COMB
GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF
06/04/2017
0.25%
$3,783,106.01
Factsheet
Prospectus


COMG
GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF
07/04/2017
0.35%
$2,496,080.76
Factsheet
Prospectus


BAR
BAR GRANITESHARES GOLD TRUST
TBD
TBD
TBD
Factsheet
Prospectus






 

                    Performance data quoted represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.
                

                    The Adviser has contractually agreed to waive or reduce its fees and to reimburse the each Fund for its expenses until June 30, 2018, so that the total annual operating expenses (excluding interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, expenses related to short sales, other expenditures which are capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of each Fund’s business, and amounts, if any, payable pursuant to a plan adopted in accordance with Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act) of the GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Strategy Broad No K-1 ETF and the GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Strategy Broad No K-1 ETF are limited to 0.30% and 0.40%, respectively. Performance would have been lower without fee waivers in effect.
                

                    The GraniteShares Gold Trust (BAR) must be preceded or accompanied by a current prospectus. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
                

                    Click on the fund names above for more information.
                






ETFs

COMMODITIES



ABOUT US

The Team
Press Room
Contact


Sign In





Our Insights








This website and its content has been provided by GraniteShares. Please click here for our full disclaimer, terms & conditions and privacy policy.

DISCLAIMER

Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. For a prospectus or
summary prospectus with this and other information about the Fund, please call (844) 476 8747 or visit the website at www.graniteshares.com. Read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before investing.


*"Other Expenses" are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year. Please note that brokerage commissions/expenses will apply and are not reflected in the
total annual fund operating expenses. This can affect fund performance.


Index performance does not represent the ETF’s performance. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.


Indexes are unmanaged and index returns do not include investment fees and expenses.


The funds are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. GraniteShares is not affiliated with Foreside Fund Services, LLC.


Bloomberg Commodity Index: Bloomberg Commodity Index is a financial benchmarks designed to provide liquid and diversified exposure to physical commodities via
futures contracts. The weightings of the components of the BCOM Benchmark are based on (1) liquidity data, which is the relative amount of trading activity of a
particular commodity; (2) production data, which measures the importance of a commodity to the world economy; and (3) diversification rules that attempt to reduce
disproportionate weightings of any single commodity.

FUND RISKS


You could lose money by investing in the ETFs. There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the Funds will be
achieved. None of the Funds should be relied upon as a complete investment program. The investment program of the funds are
speculative, entails substantial risks and include asset classes and investment techniques not employed by more traditional
mutual funds. Investments in the ETFs are not bank deposits and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or any other government agency.


Investing in physical commodities, including through commodity-linked derivative instruments such as Commodity Futures,
Commodity Swaps, as well as other commodity-linked instruments, is speculative and can be extremely volatile, and may not be
suitable for all investors. Market prices of commodities may fluctuate rapidly based on numerous factors, including: changes in
supply and demand relationships (whether actual, perceived, anticipated, unanticipated or unrealized); weather; agriculture;
trade; domestic and foreign political and economic events and policies; diseases; pestilence; technological developments;
currency exchange rate fluctuations; and monetary and other governmental policies, action and inaction. Derivatives may be
more sensitive to changes in market conditions and may amplify risks.


A liquid secondary market may not exist for the types of commodity-linked derivative instruments the Fund buys, which may
make it difficult for the Fund to sell them at an acceptable price. The Fund is new with no operating history. As a result, there
can be no assurance that the Fund will grow to or maintain an economically viable size, in which case it could ultimately
liquidate.


Because the Fund may effect redemptions principally for cash, rather than in-kind distributions, an investment in Fund shares
may be less tax efficient than investments in shares of conventional ETFs, and there may be a substantial difference in the
after-tax rate of return between the Fund and conventional ETFs.


The Fund may engage in frequent trading of derivatives. Active and frequent trading may lead to the realization and distribution
to shareholders of higher short-term capital gains, which would increase their tax liability. Frequent trading also increases
transaction costs, such as commissions, which could detract from the Fund’s performance.


“Bloomberg®” and “Bloomberg Commodity Index”SM are service marks of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively, “Bloomberg”) and have been licensed for
use for certain purposes by GraniteShares Inc. Neither Bloomberg nor UBS Securities LLC and its affiliates(collectively, “UBS”) are affiliated with GraniteShares Inc., and
Bloomberg and UBS do not approve, endorse, review, or recommend any GraniteShares ETF. Neither Bloomberg nor UBS guarantees the timeliness, accurateness, or
completeness of any data or information relating to Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM.


"The S&P GSCI Index" is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates ("SPDJI") and has been licensed for use by GraniteShares Inc. Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC ("S&P"); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by GraniteShares Inc. GraniteShares ETFs are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates, and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P GSCI Index."

©2017 GraniteShares Inc. All rights reserved. GraniteShares, GraniteShares ETFs, and the GraniteShares logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of GraniteShares
Inc., in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
COMB GraniteShares ETF
844









You are leaving this website.
By clicking the OK button below, you will be connected to a website maintained by a third party, and you acknowledge and agree to the following:
We are providing a link to the third party's website solely as a convenience to you, because we believe that website may provide useful content. 
We do not control the content on the third-party website; we do not guarantee any claims made on it; nor do we endorse the website, its sponsor, or any of the content, policies, activities, products or services offered on the website or by any advertiser on the site. We disclaim any responsibility for the website’s performance or interaction with your computer, its security and privacy policies and practices, and any consequences that may result from visiting it. The link is not intended to create an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or hold, any securities.

OK








Registration
Sign up for regular updates from GraniteShares

































Register









D2 Interactive

















 




COMB.P | GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG UK



































































Logout


                        My IG
                    




Spread betting & CFDs
Investments
Institutional










IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        







IG Live



Help



Contact






United Kingdom
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices trading product details
                                    





                        Shares
                        





                                    Shares
                                



                                       Share trading product details
                                    



                                       Shares DMA
                                    



                                       Extended hours on US stocks
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Forex trading product details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       What is forex?
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       Digital 100s
                                    



                                       Commodities
                                    



                                       Options
                                    



                                       Interest rates
                                    



                                       Sectors
                                    



                                       Bonds
                                    



                                       Cryptocurrencies
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    





                        IG services
                        





                                    IG services
                                



                                       Spread betting
                                    



                                       CFD trading
                                    



                                       Our charges
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       IG Community
                                    



                                       What's new at IG?
                                    



                                       Risk management
                                    



                                       Best execution
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web platform
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    



                                       Demo account
                                    





                        IG analysis
                        





                                    IG analysis
                                



                                       News and analysis 
                                    



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       The week ahead
                                    



                                       Economic Calendar
                                    



                                       Market Screener
                                    



                                       Trading diary
                                    



                                       IG Live
                                    



                                       Trade of the week
                                    



                                       Morning Call
                                    



                                       Financial events 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Learn to trade
                                    



                                       Trading seminars and webinars
                                    



                                       Introduction programme
                                    



                                       Monthly newsletter
                                    



                                       Spread betting: a guide for share traders
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    











                                          IG analysis
                            








                                    News and analysis 
                                



                                    Market data
                                



                                    The week ahead
                                



                                    Economic Calendar
                                



                                    Market Screener
                                



                                    Trading diary
                                



                                    IG Live
                                



                                    Trade of the week
                                



                                    Morning Call
                                



                                    Financial events 2017
                                














            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        




                
                Over 40 years’ heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                Over 15,000 markets
                
            








GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF

                Change: 0.2% (5 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    











Spread Bet: 
DFB




Spread Bet: 
DFB




CFD: 
-




Stockbroking: 
-












                0.2%
            

                5pts
            


            High: 2506
            Low: 2498




Sell
2498




Buy
2506












Details for GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF DFB



Dealing Minimum size 
    GBP 0.24
 Margin factor 
    25.0%
 Minimum stop distance 
    1
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    10.0%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 14:30 - 21:00 (UK - London Local Time)
    




Margin requirements
Your aggregate position in this market will be margined in the following tiers:




Tier
 Position size (USD) 
Deposit Factor


1
0 - 10
25%


2
10 - 60
40%


3
60 - 100
75%


4
100 +
75%




If your aggregate position is larger than Tier 1, your margin requirement will not be reduced by non-guaranteed stops.
Please note: we have tried to ensure that the information here is as accurate as possible, but it is intended for guidance only and any errors will not be binding on us.




 Expiry  Expiry date 
    06/04/29
 Last dealing date and time 
    06/04/29 21:00



      Settlement
      The last dealing day is the Tuesday before the third Wednesday of the contract month. Expired bets will settle basis the closing bid or offer price of the relevant exchange as reported by Bloomberg, plus or minus closing IG spread. 
    


Special info
[Unborrowable, Closing Only]














GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF

                Change: 0.2% (5 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Log in to trade






            
                
                
                    All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
                
            
        







    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        

This feature requires JavaScript

Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Free live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Superior execution with no third-party bridges





Charts and alerts
Get 100+ technical indicators, plus price alerts on the move 













             Open an account now

        
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    




























             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use integrated IG charts and access Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Forex
Indices
Shares
Other markets









IG services
Spread betting
CFD trading
Share dealing









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Compare features









IG analysis
The week ahead
Market news
IG Live



















Contact us
New client: 0800 1953100
Clients: 0800 4096789
Tweet us: @IGClientHelp









UK







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | IG Community | About IG | Cookies | Refer a friend | Investors








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus












Spread bets and CFDs are leveraged products and can result in losses that exceed deposits. The value of shares, ETFs and ETCs bought through a share dealing account, a stocks and shares ISA or a SIPP can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
CFD, share dealing and stocks and shares ISA accounts provided by IG Markets Ltd, spread betting provided by IG Index Ltd. IG is a trading name of IG Markets Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 04008957) and IG Index Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 01190902). Registered address at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London EC4R 2YA. Both IG Markets Ltd (Register number 195355) and IG Index Ltd (Register number 114059) are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Excludes binary bets, where IG Index Ltd is licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission, reference number 2628. IG Index supports responsible gambling, for information and advice please visit www.gambleaware.co.uk.
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Belgium or any particular country outside the UK and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.





















© 2003-2017















Careers | Affiliates











            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        












