



Grant Steering Wheels














Loading


Shopping Cart





Subtotal: $346.00 | 
                Checkout »





Grant Products








How to Buy

Where to Buy

Vendors
Find A Dealer


Contact Us

Application Search










Search





Image Gallery





About Us

Blog
Media
Catalogs
Tech Support





Steering Wheels

Automotive
UTV/Golf/SxS
Marine
Racing



Installation Kits

Automotive
UTV/Golf/SxS
Marine
Racing



Airbag Solutions

Automotive
Truck/SUV



Accessories

Automotive
Marine
Racing



OEM

OEM Aftermarket












MOTORSPORT HARNESS
Grant Harnesses have comfort, convenience, and safety as our top priority. With 5 Point Harness Belts meet SFI Foundation Requirements. Using a universal fit for almost any vehicle. Each belt comes with installation guide.  The user of this product assumes all the risk and responsibilities for its intended use. Racing and other Off-Road activities can be extremely dangerous and products are subject to failure when used in high stress environments.
Learn More









Suede Series
Grant Products International releases complete line up of new "Suede Series" wheels for all drivers. The "Suede Series" offers each driver premium suede wrapped wheel, hand stitched custom colored thread, and a contoured grip for the ultimate comfort and performance. Grants "Full Hoop Design" along with other key components makes it the most reliable wheel on the market.
Learn More



Hot Rod
Grant's got just the right fit for that Street Rod or Custom Car project you are working on. Our Heritage and Banjo wheels feature a modular spoke design. This allows you to remove the rim from the spokes and custom wrap or paint the wheel any way you want: the ultimate in customization! A Grant wheel is a badge of honor. It makes a statement. "If you think this wheel is cool, wait til you see what's under the hood". From foam to chrome Grant's got you covered!
Learn More



D-SERIES
Grant Products International is featuring a line up of "D-Series" wheels for all drivers. The "D-Series" is offered in a choice of six different colors wrappred with an ultra suede vertical spokes. These unique lightweight aluminum wheels come in a three spoke design with the strength to withstand the wear and tear of the most aggressive driver. These 13.75''x11.75'' wheels feature a contoured polyurethane grip, a 1.5'' dish and a Grant horn button.
Learn More



Classic Nostalgia Wheels
How have you been treating your lady? Well if she doesn't have a new Grant wheel then it's time to treat your lady right. Your Classic ride is missing something. She's been trying to tell you.. Listen carefully the next time you see her. She'll tell you she wants a new Grant Wheel driving her! Our timeless Nostalgia designs will have her purring all the way down the road. So c'mon, step up, and give her a Grant!
Learn More



Marine
You enjoy the water and you are looking to set your boat apart from all the rest. Give your boat a personality of its own, give it a Grant.  Grant’s designs run the gamut from timeless to modern cutting edge classics.
Learn More






Excelling
Harness
Suede
Hot Rod
D-Series
Classic Nostalgia Wheels
Marine









Whether you're looking for a classic wood wheel, steel chain wheel, or something more modern, #Grant has you covered http://bit.ly/1S27nBr






Keep your vehicle interior looking new and put one of #GrantSteeringWheels on today!




Give your vehicle a new look with a #grantsteeringwheel! #excellinginthefield






Black on Black Grant Steering Wheel #MakeItYourOwn #GrantProducts #BeUnique #Customize #SteeringWheel #RideWithStyle #Quality #Performance 






Grant Products built a solid reputation in the engineering and racing community, leader in the field of automotive products #Steeringwheels






Suede wrapped wheel, hand stitched custom colored thread, and a contoured grip for ultimate #comfort #performance. #grantsteeringwheels




Stay safe in any ride with one of Grant Products #MotorsportHarnesses! http://bit.ly/2sYaFCE  #SafetyHarness






Get the most out of the time you spend behind the wheel with a great #steeringwheel #grantproducts #suedeseries #takecontrolofthewheel








About Us
Promotional Material
Blog
Media
Apparel
Tech Support



© Copyright 2017 Grant Products 
Site Design By Level2Designs


















Kevin Grant, Cys Investments Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  



















Feedback





Kevin Grant

Chairman/President/CEO,
Cys Investments Inc







Website:
www.cysinv.com






Corporate Information
Address:

890 Winter Street
Suite 200
Waltham, MA 02451-1470
United States


Phone:
1-617-639-0440


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cysinv.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Kevin E Grant - Enola, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kevin E Grant in Enola, PA


Kevin E Grant

                                                                           Intelius found that Kevin E Grant  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Enola, PA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Kevin E Grant is in his 80s

Kevin Has Lived In

Enola, PA
Harrisburg, PA

Kevin's Relatives

Judy Andidora
Laura Andidora
Ronald Andidora
Mary Andidora







Kevin E Grant



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kevin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kevin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kevin E Grant
Get a Criminal Check on Kevin E Grant
Get a Public Record Report on Kevin E Grant
Get a People Search Report on Kevin E Grant


Kevin E Grant's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kevin E Grant has lived as well as Kevin E Grant's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kevin E Grant Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Kevin E Grant


720 S******* C* 

Enola, PA


Has Lived In

Enola, PA
Harrisburg, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kevin E Grant



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kevin E Grant



Get Email Report




Kevin E Grant's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kevin E Grant


Kevin E Grant's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kevin E Grant's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kevin Grant
Username Matches

                  KevinGrant
                  GrantKevin
                  Kevin.Grant
                  Grant.Kevin
                  Kevin_Grant
                  Grant_Kevin
                  Kevin-Grant
                  Grant-Kevin
                  KGrant
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Grant







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Kevin E. Grant News and Video - Morningstar.com




































Morningstar Hot Topics:

Frontline


Warren Buffett


Volvo


NASDAQ Composite Index


10 Year Treasury

































                                /
                                Free eNewsletters & Magazine




                                /
                                My Account










Quotes
Site





search






























Home


Practice Management


Research & Insights


Alternatives


ETF Managed Portfolios









Archive


Video


Products




Alternatives Screener




Strategy Screener




Advisor Profile


Behavior Gap


Fiduciary Focus


Practice Builder


Retiring With Natalie Choate


Technology




10 Questions


College Savings Educator


Fund Screen


Fund Times


Gray Matters


Investment Briefs


Investment Insights


Investments a la Carte


Market and Economy Quickview


Morningstar Conversation


Phillips Curve


Sector Rap


Spotlight


Stock Screen


Undiscovered Managers








Home>Insiders>Kevin E. Grant








Related Topics


Oakmark I


Oakmark Global Select I


Oakmark Select I


Oakmark


Oakmark Large Growth


Oakmark Large Blend





Popular Topics


Frontline


Warren Buffett


Volvo


NASDAQ Composite Index


10 Year Treasury







Kevin E. Grant







Oakmark Fund Is Bouncing Back
This Gold-rated fund's overweights in the energy and financials sectors have come roaring back this year. 





Our Five Nominees for Domestic-Stock Manager of the Year 2011
These managers boast a good year and a great long-term record.





















Our Products

Tools


Advisor Workstation


Morningstar Office


Morningstar Direct




Resources


Advisor e-Newsletters


Morningstar Magazine


Ibbotson SBBI Print Kit




Services



Back Office Services


Managed Portfolios










Contact Us
                        /
                    

Media Kit
                        /
                    

Terms of Use
                        /
                    

Privacy Policy
                        /
                    

Corrections






©2017 Morningstar Advisor. All right reserved.






















Kevin E. Grant - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kevin E. Grant
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Investment Officer at CYS Investments, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kevin E. Grant? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin E. Grant's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin E. Grant's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin E. Grant's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin E. Grant through your network of contacts.
												








Kevin E. Grant's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Investment Officer, 
CYS Investments, Inc.


Past
To view Kevin E. Grant's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															University of Hartford


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Hartford


Age
56

 
 


Kevin E. Grant's Biography



Professional Experience: Mr. Grant has served as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President since he founded the Company in January 2006. Mr. Grant has also served as our Chief Investment Officer since 2011. Mr. Grant formed Sharpridge Capital Management, L.P. ("Sharpridge"), which was one of the sub-advisors to CYS' former manager, in January 2005. Mr. Grant served as Chief Executive Officer of Sharpridge from its formation until its dissolution in February 2012. Mr. Grant served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company's former manager from January 2006 until August 2011. Prior to forming Sharpridge, Mr. Grant wa ...
(Read More)

			Professional Experience: Mr. Grant has served as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President since he founded the Company in January 2006. Mr. Grant has also served as our Chief Investment Officer since 2011. Mr. Grant formed Sharpridge Capital Management, L.P. ("Sharpridge"), which was one of the sub-advisors to CYS' former manager, in January 2005. Mr. Grant served as Chief Executive Officer of Sharpridge from its formation until its dissolution in February 2012. Mr. Grant served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company's former manager from January 2006 until August 2011. Prior to forming Sharpridge, Mr. Grant was Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments ("Fidelity"). As a Portfolio Manager of Fidelity, Mr. Grant had both direct and indirect responsibility for management of fixed income assets in mutual funds and institutional separate accounts. Over the course of his career at Fidelity, Mr. Grant's mutual fund responsibilities included the Mortgage Securities Fund, Investment Grade Bond Fund, Total Bond Fund, the fixed income portion of Fidelity Puritan Fund and Strategic Income Fund. In addition, Mr. Grant managed many separate accounts for Fidelity's institutional clients. Prior to joining Fidelity in 1993, Mr. Grant was head of Mortgage Strategy for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated. He began his investing career at Aetna Bond Investors in 1985. 

Consideration for Recommendation: Mr. Grant is an expert in the mortgage and mortgage backed securities industries and markets, whose expertise has been gained over a distinguished career as a residential mortgage-backed securities and fixed income portfolio manager. In addition, Mr. Grant has led the Company since its founding, developing a well-managed, seasoned, and experienced executive management team.
		
Source: CYS Investments, Inc. on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin E. Grant's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kevin E. Grant. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin E. Grant's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin E. Grant's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin E. Grant through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kevin E. Grant


















Kevin E. Grant's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Kevin E. Grant's 18 connections »









Richard E. Cleary
Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary, CYS Investments, Inc.









Karen Hammond
Board Member, CYS Investments, Inc.









Dale A. Reiss
Board Member, iStar Inc.









Jeffrey P. Hughes
Former Board Member, CYS Investments, Inc.









James A. Stern
Board Member, CYS Investments, Inc.









Peter J. deSilva
Former Vice Chairman, UMB Bank, National Association, UMB Financial Corporation









Thomas A. Rosenbloom
Executive Vice President, Business Development, General Counsel and Secretary, CYS Investments, Inc.









Ellyn A. McColgan
Former Board Member, Nasdaq, Inc.









Raymond A. Redlingshafer
Board Member, CYS Investments, Inc.









David A. Tyson
Board Member, CYS Investments, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Kevin Grant's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MKevin Grant#876567@kevingrant5Designer & Engineer, Preferkevinthecity.tumblr.com/198Following58FollowersFollow0 Upvotes😩No upvotes yet.Share this profile
















Kevin Grant - Product and Innovation Manager - Toronto - Intro

































An Introduction to Kevin Grant

Learn more about Kevin Grant and read a summary of his work experience, skills, project experience, and capabilities.
 



Employment History 




 



Innovation Manager

Innovation R&D Lab Manager (North America)-- manage R&D Innovation Lab, PoC management, lab pipeline management, strategy development, change management, UX vision, journey mapping test and learns. Developing innovative approaches to delivering legendary customer experiences through AI and FinTech disruptive technologies.
 





 



TD Bank- Direct Channels


Delivery Manager and Technical Project Manager
Managed agile teams
North American mobile banking products for iPhone, iPad, and Android






 



TD Bank- Mobile Team


Product managed the delivery of TD's North American mobile banking products for iPhone, iPad, and Android.
Product owner for TD for Apple Watch and TD for Android Wear products.






 



UXP Systems


Product managed a telecom multi-screen product for iPhone, iPad, Android, mobile Web, Windows and OSX desktop.
Developed product roadmaps, product visions, white papers, and managed a team of 10 developers.






 



Claystone Labs


Product managed "Claystone", an innovative 3D home screen replacement and media player for Android and iOS mobile platforms from inception to deployment
Managed a team of 4 developers and QA team members applying the agile project management methodology.






 



SmartAirMedia


Product managed and project managed mobile apps, mobile video, and interactive media.
Worked with teams of developers building mobile apps and interactive media for the iPhone, iPad, and Android.






 



Microsoft


Developed the MSN worldwide product customer communication safety strategy
Headed the Product Marketing Management of MSN subscription communication services in Canada including MSN Premium, Hotmail Extra Storage, and Microsoft Office Outlook Live






 



Bell Canada


Wrote business requirements, product roadmaps, and business requirements.
Responsible for the integration of MSN and Bell Canada’s back end billing systems— enabled the billing for a multi-million dollar Internet subscription service.






 



Mozilla / Netscape


Installed and configured Netscape email, directory, e-commerce, and calendaring servers as a consultant for large corporate customers






 



The Globe and Mail


Webmaster for the Globe and Mail's online presence.
Worked closely with partners such as the Weather Network, the Canadian Press, and the CBC to integrate news and information feeds into various online properties









Education 




	 A summary of Kevin Grant's training and education. 
 



 


Leadership and Management





 


Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Agilist Certification





 


Mobile Software Development





 


Postgraduate Informatics Certificate





 


Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Business Administration





 


Microsoft MCSE Windows Server





 


Server Architecture Certification





 


M.A., Clinical Psychology





 


B.Sc. Psychology








Project Achievements 




	 Kevin Grant's project achievements and professional work experience. 
 



 



TD North American Engagement Centre R&D Lab

R&D Innovation Lab Manager (North America)-- manage R&D Innovation Lab Proof of Concepts, maintain the innovation lab pipeline, develop strategy, implement change management, design customer journeys, and lead test and learns. Develop innovative approaches to delivering legendary customer experiences through Artificial Intelligence (AI) and disruptive FinTech innovations.





 



Enterprise Secure Chat with Advanced Routing

Enterprise Secure Chat with Advanced Routing: secure chat within the contact centre and advanced digital conversation routing (Dec 2015 - Feb 2017) [Successful PoC deployed into production.]





 



AI-Enhanced Guided Conversations

AI-Enhanced Guided Conversations: AI-augmented agent desktop tools that help guide contact centre specialists through complex sales and advice conversations with contextual information, prompts, and predictive analytics. (April 2016 - Present)





 



AI-Enhance Routing and Orchestration

AI-Enhance Routing and Orchestration: applying AI-derived sentiment, emotion detection, and customer intent (March 2017 - Present)





 



AI Compliance Monitoring

AI Compliance Monitoring: real-time analysis of voice recordings and live calls using Cognitive AI audio analysis (February 2017 - Present)





 



TD Innovation Centre of Excellence

TD corporate group (U.S. and Canada) that leads the organization and employees through market disruption and best practices in Continuous Innovation Management and agility.





 



Evolution of the TD North American Contact Centre Roadmap

Created and managed the TD North American Contact Centre Innovation Roadmap (U.S. and Canada). Developed the continuous innovation delivery strategy to complete effectively, innovate, and deliver a legendary customer experience.





 



Internet of Things (IoT) Patent

Save money and control budgets using Internet of Things (IoT) devices and data.





 



TD App for Smartwatch

Extended the TD Smartphone experience to Smartwatches.





 



TD Smartphone App Redesign

Resdesigned the TD app for iPhone and Android Smartphones.





 



TD Mobile Projects

Product managed the delivery of TD's North American mobile banking products and services.





 



Omni-Channel Mutli-Screen Telecom Platform

Product managed a mobile platform to extend video, voice, and messaging across multiple screens.





 



Android Home Screen Media Player App

Product managed an innovative Android home screen replacement and media player.





 



News Magazine Website and Design Project

Designed, implemented, and architected a news magazine website.





 



MSN Canada Portal Projects

Program managed Microsoft / MSN portal websites in Canada.





 



Microsoft / MSN Cloud Services Projects

Program managed Microsoft / MSN communication and cloud services in Canada.





 



Mobile Video and Radio Broadcasting Platform Project

Designed and developed a mobile apps and website for broadcasting video and radio.





 



Bell Canada Paperless eBill Project

Bell Canada's first paperless consumer eBilling solution.





 



Pointcast Push News and Information Project

Webmaster for Pointcast Canada’s websites and screen saver news app.








Porfolio 




 



Banking Innovator Case Study: USAA’s Customer-Centric Innovation in the Lab

USAA Innovation Case Study





 



Innovation Portfolio Planning Action Plan and Next Steps

Innovation Portfolio Planning





 



Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality POV

Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality POV





 



Innovation Management Planning- 10 Steps to Success

10 Steps to Innovation Success





 



The Open Lab Proposal and Action Plan

Open Lab Action Plan





 



Innovation Methodology- Innovation Labs Concept

Innovation Labs Concept





 



Financial Services Mobile Product Offerings for Generation D Point of View

Banking Gen D Mobile Product Offerings POV





 



Wearable Quick Trade Concept

Wearables- Quick Trade on Apple Watch





 



Wearables and Health Care

Wearables and Health Care





 



Retail Banking Wearables Opportunities

Retail Banking Wearables Opportunities





 



Wearables Opportunities for Retail Banking IoT, Authentication, and Smart Lock Overview

 Retail Banking IoT and Wearables





 



Millennial Banking in Canada Infographics

Canadian Millennial Banking Infographics





 



Point of View- Mobile Banking Product Offering for Generation D

Generation D and Mobile Banking





 



Multiscreen Point of View Mobile App and Web Strategy

Multiscreen Point of View





 



Organ Transplant Tracking Record System Analysis and Design

Health Care System Analysis and Design





 



Mobile User Experience Overview- Mobile Video On Demand

Mobile Video On Demand UX





 



Solving mobile health care software development issues using the agile methodology

Agile Methodology in Health Care





 



Ontario’s Comprehensive Home Health Care Technology Strategy

Home Health Care Technology Strategy





 



Mobile App Product Roadmap (Android, iPad, iPhone, mobile Web and desktop)

Telecom Mobile App Roadmap





 



Twenty Key Use Cases For the Telecom Multiscreen Converged Experience

Telecom Multiscreen App Use Cases




 




Recent  News








A10X Fusion processor-graphics combo chip for iPad Pro









Maintaining the tricky balance between outsourced and in-house









What is the Gig Economy and the Human Cloud?









Recommendations for Effective Digital Transformation in the Banking Sector









Artificial Intelligence Briefing- The Impact of AI on Work
















                                    Blog                
                
            

Front Page
Wearables
Internet of Things
Business







                                    Contact Kevin                
                
            

Email Send
LinkedIn Connect







                                    Social Network                
                
            


 LinkedIn
 Blog







                                    More...                
                
            

Intro
Skills
Work History
Education
Résumés




















 








HomeIntroWorkedProjectsEmploymentTrainingRésuméPortfolioBusiness PortfolioNewsConnectContact




