










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Grassi Investment Management LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% Diodes IncorporatedCypress SemiconductorDaqo NewFabrinetNecip SayinerDonald MacleodSunny Gupta






World
US















Grassi Investment Management  LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameGrassi Investment Management  LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 324.5 M Contact Details LocationMountain View, CaliforniaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.grassiinvest.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Grassi-Investment-Management-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Mahak Inc Mountain View CA 0 Foothill Securities  Inc. Mountain View CA 0 Stanford Investment Group  Inc. Mountain View CA 0 Infanger Investment Technology  LLC Mountain View CA 0 Grassi Investment Management  LLC Mountain View CA 0 Financial Clarity  Inc. Mountain View CA 0 Longview Financial Planning  Inc. Mountain View CA 0 Merk Investments LLC Mountain View CA 0 Fan Asset Management LLC Mountain View CA 0 Personal Financial Consultants  Inc Mountain View CA 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets










































EQ (TSE:EQ) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































EQ Company Profile (TSE:EQ)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About EQ (TSE:EQ)
EQ Inc. is a provider of mobile, Web, social and video advertising solutions that allow advertisers to target their intended audiences in real-time. The Company is focused on targeted advertising and incorporates a range of advertising technologies, data analytics and programmatic media buying capabilities into a single system. The Company enables brands understand their customers and execute a digital strategy. The Company offers a range of advertising models, including display, clicks by consumers or, in some cases, actions performed by consumers (which include qualified leads, registrations, downloads, inquiries or actual sales).The Company offers digital marketing solutions. It provides, ATOM, a self-service digital media buying solution, which gives small and medium sized businesses (SMBs) the tools to execute digital advertising campaigns to local and international audiences through all mobile, tablet and desktop devices. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: N/A
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: TSE:EQ
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.eqworks.com/



P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AP/E Growth: 0Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%


Profitability:Net Margins: -50.56%Return on Assets: -158.61%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for EQ (TSE:EQ)
What is EQ's stock symbol?

EQ trades on the Tornton Stock Exchange (TSX) under the ticker symbol "EQ."



Who are some of EQ's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to EQ include Colliers International Group (CIG), Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (NMI), Osisko Mining Corp (OBM), Royal Bank of Canada (RY), Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD), Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS), Enbridge (ENB), Canadian National Railway Company (CNR), Suncor Energy (SU), Bank of Montreal (BMO), TransCanada (TRP), BCE (BCE), Manulife Financial Corp. (MFC), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM), Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ), Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI), Great-West Lifeco (GWO) and Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO).



Who are EQ's key executives?

EQ's management team includes the folowing people: Vernon F. Lobo, Independent Chairman of the BoardGeoffrey Rotstein, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorPeter Kanniah, Chief Financial Officer, SecretaryDilshan Kathriarachchi, Chief Technology OfficerJohn B. Fisher, Independent DirectorMarc B. Lavine, Independent DirectorAnthony Tjan, Independent Director



How do I buy EQ stock? 

Shares of EQ and other Canadian stocks can be purchased through online brokerage accounts that support trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). Brokers that permit trading on the TSX include Fidelity, Interactive Brokers, PennTrade and Charles Schwab.



What is EQ's stock price today?

One share of EQ stock can currently be purchased for approximately C$0.06.


MarketBeat Community Rating for EQ (TSE EQ)Community Ranking:  2.3 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  14 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  16 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  30MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about EQ and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for EQ (TSE:EQ) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for EQ (TSE:EQ)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for EQ (TSE:EQ)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for EQ (TSE:EQ)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for EQ (TSE:EQ)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for EQ (TSE:EQ)Insider Trades by Quarter for EQ (TSE:EQ)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/12/2017Alberta Ltd. 1890321InsiderSell200,000C$0.31C$62,000.005/30/2017Kirk Russell DuffeeInsiderSell50,000C$0.36C$18,000.005/25/2017Kirk Russell DuffeeInsiderSell120,000C$27.90C$3,348,000.005/24/2017Alberta Ltd. 1890321InsiderSell364,000C$0.28C$101,920.005/23/2017Alberta Ltd. 1890321InsiderSell319,500C$0.31C$99,045.005/4/2017Geoffrey RotsteinDirectorBuy265,000C$0.15C$39,750.005/4/2017Tyler HansonInsiderSell96,000C$0.14C$13,440.005/3/2017Tyler HansonInsiderSell100,000C$0.14C$14,000.004/19/2017Kirk Russell DuffeeInsiderSell60,500C$0.14C$8,470.0011/26/2014Vernon LoboDirectorBuy61,000C$0.05C$3,050.00(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for EQ (TSE:EQ)


Latest Headlines for EQ (TSE:EQ)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineTelepresence Equipment Market Worth $2.45 Billion by 2025 | CAGR: 2.9%: Grand View Research, Inc.www.marketwatch.com - July 27 at 6:50 PM10-Q: EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INCwww.marketwatch.com - July 26 at 6:53 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zoompass, Inc. - ZPASwww.bizjournals.com - July 25 at 6:35 PMBRIEF-Colorescience Inc files to say raised $15 million in equity financingwww.reuters.com - July 20 at 8:55 PMH&E Equipment Services (HEES) Acquires Neff Corporation - Slideshowseekingalpha.com - July 19 at 4:48 PMBriggs Equipment, Inc. US Acquires MacKinnon Equipment & Services, Expands Hyster-Yale and JCB Territorieswww.nasdaq.com - July 14 at 12:46 AMAGT Food and Ingredients Inc. Announces Equity Stake in CanEst Transit Inc. and Terminal Facilitywww.bizjournals.com - July 11 at 7:31 PMKorea Equity Fund, Inc. Announces Cessation of Trading in Connection with the Liquidation of the Fundglobenewswire.com - July 5 at 7:03 PMPrivate equity group to buy NCIwww.bizjournals.com - July 3 at 11:12 PMEQ Inc (EQ) Insider Alberta Ltd. 1890321 Sells 200,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 13 at 4:52 PMKirk Russell Duffee Sells 50,000 Shares of EQ Inc (EQ) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 5:04 PMKirk Russell Duffee Sells 120,000 Shares of EQ Inc (EQ) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 7:22 PMEQ Inc (EQ) Insider Sells C$101,920.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 4:23 PMEQ Inc (EQ) Insider Sells C$99,045.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 24 at 4:22 PMEQ Inc (EQ) Director Purchases C$39,750.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 4:44 PMEQ Inc (EQ) Insider Sells C$13,440.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 7:06 PMTyler Hanson Sells 100,000 Shares of EQ Inc (EQ) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 7:05 PM10 Dividend Stocks Increasing Payouts – T CVX TXN VFC BRX AEP BPL EQM AMTD DREinvestorplace.com - October 31 at 2:34 PM5 Undervalued Defensive Stocks to Buy (TROW, CI, RHI, BBBY, EQR)investorplace.com - September 1 at 11:00 AMSunEdison Inc (SUNEQ): The Bad News Just Got Worseinvestorplace.com - August 12 at 12:19 PM5 Stocks With Ugly Earnings Revisions — CZR CCLP CEQP FBRC STLYinvestorplace.com - August 5 at 9:28 AM10 Dividend Stocks Increasing Payouts: O RAI DM BBT CMA EQM SPG SUN MPC CGinvestorplace.com - August 1 at 2:37 PM5 Stocks With Prime Surprise — FCN EEQ TIS PKX ROCKinvestorplace.com - July 21 at 9:46 AM5 Stocks With Ugly Earnings Growth — CPHD BBRY SFUN ADSK EEQinvestorplace.com - June 21 at 9:35 AM5 Stocks With Superb Surprise — FCN EEQ PKX TIS ROCKinvestorplace.com - June 16 at 9:21 AM5 Stocks With Awful Earnings Growth — CPHD BBRY HSGX GIGA EEQinvestorplace.com - June 7 at 9:40 AM5 Stocks With Weak Earnings Growth — CPHD BBRY HSGX GIGA EEQinvestorplace.com - May 31 at 9:36 AM5 Stocks With Prime Surprise — FCN EEQ PKX TIS ROCKinvestorplace.com - May 26 at 9:31 AM5 Stocks With Strong Surprise — FCN EEQ PKX TIS ROCKinvestorplace.com - May 19 at 9:45 AM5 Stocks With Great Surprise — FCN EEQ PKX TIS ROCKinvestorplace.com - May 12 at 9:36 AM5 Stocks With Awful Earnings Momentum — QRVO MITT LEU CEQP GHCinvestorplace.com - April 20 at 9:45 AMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – AT DLNG EQM AMinvestorplace.com - April 18 at 6:46 PM5 Stocks With Weak Earnings Momentum — QRVO MITT LEU CEQP CZRinvestorplace.com - April 13 at 9:54 AM5 Stocks With Poor Operating Margin — CY CTT CEQP SPN CBLIinvestorplace.com - April 11 at 9:43 AM5 Stocks With Awful Earnings Momentum — QRVO CODI MITT LEU CEQPinvestorplace.com - April 6 at 9:45 AMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – SKYS EQGP EDN GNRTinvestorplace.com - March 31 at 6:17 PM5 Stocks With Awful Operating Margin — CY OCLS CEQP SPN GEOSinvestorplace.com - March 28 at 10:03 AM5 Stocks With Weak Operating Margin — OCLS CEQP SPN GEOS TIMEinvestorplace.com - March 21 at 9:49 AM5 Stocks With Poor Operating Margin — OCLS CEQP GEOS TIME LPIinvestorplace.com - March 14 at 9:23 AM5 Stocks With Ugly Operating Margin — CEQP GEOS TIME LPI SGOCinvestorplace.com - March 7 at 8:34 AM5 Stocks With Ugly Operating Margin — NFX CEQP GEOS SGOC QUADinvestorplace.com - February 29 at 8:39 AMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – TOPS WES USDP EQGPinvestorplace.com - February 25 at 4:52 PMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – EQGP NAT CMRE PAGPinvestorplace.com - February 15 at 4:51 PM5 Stocks With Poor Operating Margin — NFX CEQP GEOS SGOC QUADinvestorplace.com - February 15 at 9:48 AM5 Stocks With Awful Operating Margin — NFX CEQP MXC SGOC QUADinvestorplace.com - February 8 at 8:24 AMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – SAIA USAK EQGP AMIDinvestorplace.com - February 4 at 4:48 PM5 Stocks With Poor Operating Margin — NFX CEQP MXC QUAD EHTHinvestorplace.com - January 18 at 8:29 AMHottest Transportation Stocks Now – NSH EQGP CPN DYNinvestorplace.com - January 15 at 8:24 PM


Social





Chart
EQ (EQ) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff























































 














































Grassi Investment Management, LLC



Login
Forgot Password
























2350 Mission College Blvd. Suite 190
Santa Clara, CA 95054


Tel: (650) 934-0770 
Fax: (650) 934-0777 
E-mail: invest@grassiinvest.com









Copyright © 2017  Grassi Investment Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Sitemap













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















































Grassi Investment Management, LLC



Login
Forgot Password
























2350 Mission College Blvd. Suite 190
Santa Clara, CA 95054


Tel: (650) 934-0770 
Fax: (650) 934-0777 
E-mail: invest@grassiinvest.com









Copyright © 2017  Grassi Investment Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Sitemap












Grassi Investment Management LLC                                                                                         - Santa Clara                                       , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Santa Clara



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Grassi Investment Management LLC
                                    



 





















G 


Grassi Investment Management LLC                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2350 MISSION COLLEGE BLVD # 190 SANTA CLARA, CA 95054
Get Directions



(650) 934-0770
www.grassiinvest.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $837,976.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Peter Grassi                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Grassi Investment Management Llc                                                                                         was founded in 2000, and is located at 2350 Mission College Blvd # 190 in Santa Clara. Additional information is available at www.grassiinvest.com                                                                                     or by contacting Peter Grassi                                                                                                             at (650) 934-0770. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















		
		
		Grassi Investment Management Has Cut Ibm (IBM) Stake, 1832 Asset Management LP Lowered Enbridge (ENB) Position - Key Gazette
		
		
		
		

 
















 














































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News
Contact






Grassi Investment Management Has Cut Ibm (IBM) Stake, 1832 Asset Management LP Lowered Enbridge (ENB) Position


					

						July 26, 2017 - By wolcottdaily

Grassi Investment Management decreased Ibm Corporation (IBM) stake by 6.28% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Grassi Investment Management sold 2,875 shares as Ibm Corporation (IBM)’s stock declined 15.88%. The Grassi Investment Management holds 42,919 shares with $7.12 million value, down from 45,794 last quarter. Ibm Corporation now has $136.33 billion valuation. The stock increased 0.14% or $0.2 during the last trading session, reaching $146.19. About 1 shares traded. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) has risen 4.86% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 11.84% the S&P500.
1832 Asset Management Lp decreased Enbridge Inc (ENB) stake by 4.23% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. 1832 Asset Management Lp sold 477,027 shares as Enbridge Inc (ENB)’s stock declined 5.78%. The 1832 Asset Management Lp holds 10.81 million shares with $454.97M value, down from 11.29 million last quarter. Enbridge Inc now has $68.17B valuation. The stock decreased 0.10% or $0.04 during the last trading session, reaching $41.69. About shares traded. Enbridge Inc (USA) (NYSE:ENB) has declined 0.40% since July 26, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 17.10% the S&P500.






Among 15 analysts covering Enbridge Inc. (NYSE:ENB), 6 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 9 Hold. Therefore 40% are positive. Enbridge Inc. has $74 highest and $43 lowest target. $59.50’s average target is 42.72% above currents $41.69 stock price. Enbridge Inc. had 21 analyst reports since August 4, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Bank of America initiated the shares of ENB in report on Thursday, September 1 with “Neutral” rating. As per Monday, July 18, the company rating was downgraded by National Bank Canada. On Monday, March 7 the stock rating was initiated by Canaccord Genuity with “Buy”. The firm has “Overweight” rating given on Tuesday, December 15 by JP Morgan. As per Friday, July 14, the company rating was maintained by Morgan Stanley. The stock has “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets on Friday, October 9. The rating was maintained by Wolfe Research on Monday, May 15 with “Market Perform”. The company was reinitiated on Wednesday, March 2 by BMO Capital Markets. Goldman Sachs downgraded Enbridge Inc (USA) (NYSE:ENB) on Wednesday, July 20 to “Neutral” rating. Credit Suisse maintained Enbridge Inc (USA) (NYSE:ENB) on Tuesday, March 14 with “Outperform” rating.
Analysts await Enbridge Inc (USA) (NYSE:ENB) to report earnings on August, 4. They expect $0.34 EPS, down 10.53% or $0.04 from last year’s $0.38 per share. ENB’s profit will be $555.96M for 30.65 P/E if the $0.34 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.43 actual EPS reported by Enbridge Inc (USA) for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -20.93% negative EPS growth. 
1832 Asset Management Lp increased Union Pac Corp (NYSE:UNP) stake by 562,973 shares to 2.58 million valued at $267.08M in 2016Q4. It also upped Nabors Industries Ltd (NYSE:NBR) stake by 295,808 shares and now owns 946,754 shares. Blackrock Global Opp Eqty Tr (BOE) was raised too. 
Grassi Investment Management increased Kinder Morgan Inc. (NYSE:KMI) stake by 116,647 shares to 148,557 valued at $3.08M in 2016Q4. It also upped Conocophillips (NYSE:COP) stake by 12,122 shares and now owns 98,364 shares. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) was raised too. 
Among 28 analysts covering International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), 8 have Buy rating, 5 Sell and 15 Hold. Therefore 29% are positive. International Business Machines has $21200 highest and $11000 lowest target. $159.69’s average target is 9.23% above currents $146.19 stock price. International Business Machines had 90 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Guggenheim maintained the stock with “Hold” rating in Thursday, July 13 report. As per Tuesday, October 18, the company rating was maintained by Barclays Capital. The rating was maintained by Argus Research with “Buy” on Friday, July 21. The rating was maintained by Jefferies with “Underperform” on Tuesday, July 19. JMP Securities maintained the shares of IBM in report on Tuesday, July 19 with “Market Outperform” rating. The firm has “Hold” rating given on Monday, September 26 by Societe Generale. The stock of International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) earned “Neutral” rating by UBS on Tuesday, July 19. The rating was maintained by Barclays Capital with “Underweight” on Tuesday, July 19. The stock has “Buy” rating by S&P Research on Wednesday, October 21. On Friday, October 16 the stock rating was initiated by Cantor Fitzgerald with “Hold”.
Since February 7, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 2 insider sales for $732,394 activity. 559 shares were sold by KAVANAUGH JAMES J, worth $99,674 on Tuesday, February 7. Another trade for 1,718 shares valued at $263,180 was bought by OWENS JAMES W. 5,000 shares were sold by Gherson Diane J, worth $895,900.
Investors sentiment is 0.91 in 2016 Q4. Its the same as in 2016Q3. It is flat, as 83 investors sold IBM shares while 629 reduced holdings. only 113 funds opened positions while 533 raised stakes. 547.10 million shares or 2.12% more from 535.77 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. 7,963 are held by Norman Fields Gottscho Capital Limited Liability Corp. Moors And Cabot holds 0.38% of its portfolio in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) for 13,871 shares. 16,974 are owned by Portland Glob Advsr Limited Liability Corp. Whittier Of Nevada Inc has 0.89% invested in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt holds 2.19% in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) or 1.43M shares. Tower Rech Llc (Trc) holds 26,398 shares or 0.48% of its portfolio. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance invested in 0.4% or 14,335 shares. Cypress Gp owns 10,026 shares. Sandy Spring Financial Bank reported 33,029 shares. 3,000 were reported by Hodges Capital Management. Vnbtrust National Association has invested 1.33% in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). National Bank Of Hawaii has 0.13% invested in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) for 8,145 shares. 1832 Asset Management LP invested 0.03% in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). Pub Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado accumulated 173,793 shares. Marco Investment Mgmt Lc accumulated 15,209 shares.



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Uss Investment Management LTD Has Cut Public Svc Enterprise Group (PEG) Holding


Leerink Swann Reaffirms $199.0000 Target Price On Align Tech (ALGN), Reaffirms Buy Rating, Profile of 6 Analysts Covering Hecla Mining Company (HL)


Fidelity National Financial (FNFV) Reaches $17.05 High on Jul, 28; 4 Analysts Are Bullish Silver Standard Resources Inc. (USA) (SSRI) Last Week


Dodge & Cox Has Cut Fedex (FDX) Holding By $1.15 Million, Muhlenkamp & Co Has Lifted Mckesson Com (MCK) Position By $3.64 Million


Leavell Investment Management Trimmed By $385,940 Its Apple (AAPL) Position, AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Had 0 Bullish Analysts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Lowered Liberty Global Plc (Call) (LBTYA) Stake By $867,510; Telefonica Brasil SA (ADR) (VIV) Had 1 Bulls


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Cut Its Superior Energy Svcs (SPN) Holding, BIOHITECH GLOBAL (BHTG) Sellers Increased By 10.95% Their Shorts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Has Boosted Turquoise Hill Res LTD (TRQ) Position; Baker Hughes (BHI) SI Decreased By 2.41%


Westwood Holdings Group Has Boosted Markel (MKL) Stake, Biglari Holdings (BH) Shorts Increased By 12.62%


Shelton Capital Management Lowered Southwest Airls Co (LUV) Position By $372,400; Veritas Software (VRTS)’s Sentiment Is 1.04






© Copyright 2017 KEY GAZETTE
				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Grassi Investment Management Bought A Little More Quotient Technology Inc. (QUOT) Stock - Highlight Press

























































Highlight PressBreaking Tech News, Entertainment, Mortgages and More
Grassi Investment Management Bought A Little More Quotient Technology Inc. (QUOT) Stock
July 3, 2017 By Clarence Martin Tweet        Advertisement





Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE:QUOT). 
 Grassi Investment Management increased its investment in Quotient Technology Inc. stock by 0.1%  in a 13F filing with the SEC.  Its investment was valued at $65,165,000 an increase of 20.6% as of the end of the quarter. 
 Here are a few additional firms who have increased or decreased their stake in (QUOT).   Morgan Stanley reduced its ownership by shedding 1,602 shares a decrease of 93.5%. Morgan Stanley now holds 112 shares with a value of $1,000. The value of the position overall is down by 94.4%. Tower Research Capital LLC (trc) downsized its stake by selling 1,500 shares a decrease of 100.0% from 12/31/2016 to 03/31/2017. Tower Research Capital LLC (trc) now controls 0 shares worth $0. The total value of its holdings decreased 100.0%.
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc trimmed its holdings by shedding 29,298 shares a decrease of 98.3% in the quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc controls 500 shares valued at $5,000. The value of the position overall is down by 98.4%.





  On November 2 the company was upgraded from “” to “Outperform” in an announcement from Maxim Group. On November 2 the stock rating was upgraded to “Outperform” from “” by RBC Capital.
 Equity analyst Boenning & Scattergood starting coverage on the stock with an initial rating of “Outperform”. On September 14, 2016 the stock rating was rated “Buy” in a report from Dougherty &amp; Company up from the previous “” rating.
 On May 4 the company was changed to a “Outperform” by William Blair which is up from the previous “” rating. On March 24 analysts at Topeka Capital initiated coverage on QUOT with a rating of “Hold” and price target of $10.00.
 The company is up by 0.43 percent from yesterday’s close.  Shares of the company are trading at $11.55 which is marginally higher than $11.40, the stock’s 50 day moving average and just above the 200 day moving average of $11.06.  The 50 day moving average was up $0.15 whereas the 200 day moving average was up $0.49 or +4.45%. 
 In the last earnings report the EPS was $-0.16 and is expected to be $0.28 for the current year with 90,373,000 shares currently outstanding.  Next quarter’s EPS is expected be $0.07 and the next full year EPS is anticipated to be $0.44. 






         Advertisement






         Advertisement






 

Mortgage Rate Updates
Home Loans: Current  Mortgage Rates at BB&T, Chase Bank Jul 28, 2017BB&T BankThe benchmark 30 year fixed rate loan interest rates at BB&T Corp. (NYSE:BBT) start at … [Read More...]Mortgage Interest Rates Slip at BMO Harris Bank, TD Bank Friday Jul 28, 2017BMO Harris BankStandard 30 year fixed rate mortgage interest rates at BMO Harris Bank stand at … [Read More...]US Bankcorp, Wells Mortgage Interest Rates Dip Jul 28, 2017US Bankcorp30 year loan deals at  have been published at 3.950% today yielding an APR of … [Read More...]Mortgage Interest Rates at Citi Mortgage, PNC Friday Jul 28, 2017 … [Read More...]
Sports
Lonzo Ball’s Latest Footwear Has Well and Truly FloppedHere’s a question – would all the social media hype and celebrity endorsements in the world encourage you to spend $500 on a pair of basketball … [Read More...]Super Bowl Winners to Pocket $107,000 Per Player – Tax-Free!It’s long been known that the tax returns of professional athletes are just about as complex as it gets. This is because not only do they have to pay … [Read More...]
Top News
Business
Technology
Sports
Entertainment
Life
Mortgages
Also In the News…

About Us
Writers
Advertise With Us
Contact Us

 Reuters: Technology News
Amazon's big profit miss spooks investors, but analysts stay bullishGenish's arrival gives Vivendi tighter hold on Telecom ItaliaWall Street braces for end of Snap share lockup

 Highlight Press is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

















































Grassi Investment Management, LLC



Login
Forgot Password
























2350 Mission College Blvd. Suite 190
Santa Clara, CA 95054


Tel: (650) 934-0770 
Fax: (650) 934-0777 
E-mail: invest@grassiinvest.com









Copyright © 2017  Grassi Investment Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Sitemap























































Grassi Investment Management, LLC



Login
Forgot Password














Welcome to Grassi Investment Management

Grassi provides investment management services for individuals, families, foundations and institutions.  We understand that everyone has their own unique financial situation and we customize each portfolio to meet our client’s investment objectives regarding growth, income and volatility.  We pride ourselves on selecting our own stocks and bonds for the investment portfolios and design portfolios that are invested in companies that we see as undervalued.  We enjoy helping clients to establish goals for retirement and financial independence and working with clients to ensure success.


Grassi Investment Outlook

The broad move away from equities continued for a second week as investors focused on escalating risks in Syria, Afghanistan and North Korea. The S&P 500 Index fell 1.2%, marking the first back-to-back weekly declines since January.  Treasury yields also fell, the dollar was down and oil and gold prices rose. 
READ MORE










2350 Mission College Blvd. Suite 190
Santa Clara, CA 95054


Tel: (650) 934-0770 
Fax: (650) 934-0777 
E-mail: invest@grassiinvest.com









Copyright © 2017  Grassi Investment Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Sitemap









