




Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Bohart  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Graticule Asia Macro Advisors Llc 800 Third Avenue 
    New York, NY, 10022Phone: 212-485-9300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-22


Amended


$139,155,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-15


Amended


$139,155,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-09-23


Amended


$139,155,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-09-23


Amended


$139,155,000


$39,034,900


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-09-23


Amended


$100,120,100


$84,120,100


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-11-15


New


$16,000,000


$16,000,000


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Stuart H. Bohart 
 Executive 


 Patrick Dennis 
 Executive 


 N/A Fortress Macro Advisors Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Fortress Macro Ma 1 Gp Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Graticule Asia Macro Advisors Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Graticule Asia Macro Ma 1 Gp Llc 
 Promoter 


 Oren Katz 
 Executive 


 Louis Thorne 
 Executive 


 David Zimmerman 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP  Funding details


Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001534514IRS Number: 611662271Address: 1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 47TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10105Phone number: 212-485-9300Former name: Fortress Macro MA 1 LP, date of change: 2011-11-08



Latest news
Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP raised $139,155,000 from 8 investors on 2016-12-22.



Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-22Amended Form DIndefinite$139,155,000Indefinite$0806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-12-15Amended Form DIndefinite$139,155,000Indefinite$0806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-09-23Amended Form DIndefinite$139,155,000Indefinite$0806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-09-23Amended Form DIndefinite$139,155,000Indefinite$0806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2013-09-23Amended Form DIndefinite$100,120,100Indefinite$0506b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2011-11-15New Form DIndefinite$16,000,000Indefinite$0106 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP raised $139,155,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP
Key People in Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP:

n/a Fortress Macro MA 1 GP LLCStuart Bohartn/a Fortress Macro Advisors LLCLouis Thornen/a Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLCn/a Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLCOren KatzDavid Zimmerman
Similar companiesGraticule Asia Macro Fund LP, Graticule Asia Macro Fund Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Master Fund Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Master MA 1 Ltd, Graticule Modular Fund LP, Graticule Modular Fund Ltd, Graticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund LP, Graticule Managed Fund B LP, Graticule Managed Fund B Ltd








Last visited companies: NUWAVE OFFSHORE FUND LTD, Net Return Fund, Ltd., Newland Fund, LP, ORE HILL CONCENTRATED CREDIT INTERMEDIATE FUND LTD, OXBRIDGE ASSOCIATES LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP





















Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Tuesday, November 01, 2011.






c/o Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (212) 798-6100




Inception Date2011-11-01
Minimum Investment100.00K
CIK0001534514
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:22:57.149237
NameGraticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP
Latest Filing2016-12-22
As of Date2016-12-22
Inception2011-11-01
EIN611662271
Form D File Number021-168749
Private Fund ID805-3079270098
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Portfolio


Beneficial Owners


Private Investors


Commitments and Contributions






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












03-17




Portfolios
59.31M











03-17




Beneficial Owners
5.00











12-16
12-15
09-15




Investors
8.00
8.00
8.00











12-16
12-15
09-15




Commitments/Contributions
139.16M
139.16M
139.16M







Fund Managers: 2016-12-22



Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC









n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC. Find out n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC address and contact details. View other people related to n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

800 Third Avenue  New York 10022 NY




Companies related to n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001534514Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 47TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10105




n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC on the Web
Persons related to n/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLC - Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LPNamePositionCityZimmerman  DavidNew YorkThorne  LouisNew Yorkn/a  Fortress Macro Advisors LLCNew Yorkn/a  Fortress Macro MA 1 GP LLCNew Yorkn/a  Fortress Macro MA 1 GP LLCNew Yorkn/a  Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLCNew Yorkn/a  Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 GP LLCNew YorkKatz  OrenNew YorkBohart  StuartNew YorkBohart  StuartNew York












 








Graticule Modular Fund Ltd - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Graticule Modular Fund Ltd
List of persons related to the company Graticule Modular Fund Ltd. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Graticule Modular Fund Ltd.

CIK Number: 0001634169IRS Number: 981207816Company address: C/O GRATICULE ASIA MACRO ADVISORS LLC 800 THIRD AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-485-9300



People related to Graticule Modular Fund Ltd
NamePositionStreetCityCountryLitton  Davidc/o Maples Corporate Services Limited P.O. Box 309, Ugland HouseGrand CaymanCayman IslandsN/A  Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC800 Third Avenue, 23rd Floor New YorkNYN/A  Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC800 Third Avenue, 31st Floor New YorkNYBanks  Johnc/o Maples Corporate Services Limited P.O. Box 309, Ugland HouseGrand CaymanCayman IslandsKatz  Orenc/o Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC 800 Third Avenue, 23rd FloorNEW YORKNYKatz  Orenc/o Graticule Asia Macro Advisors LLC 800 Third Avenue, 31st FloorNEW YORKNY




Graticule Modular Fund Ltd on the Web
Related companiesGraticule Asia Macro Fund LP, Graticule Asia Macro Fund Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 LP, Graticule Asia Macro MA 1 Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Master Fund Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Master MA 1 Ltd, Graticule Managed Fund B LP, Graticule Managed Fund B Ltd, Graticule Modular Fund LP, Graticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund LP












 






 

Oren Katz's involvement in venture capital (via Exelate Inc, Graticule Asia Macro Master Fund Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Fund Lp, Graticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund Lp, Graticule Modular Fund Lp, Graticule Managed Fund B Lp, Graticule Asia Macro Master Ma 1 Ltd, Graticule Asia Macro Ma 1 Ltd)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/147187-oren-katzsection=people&subsection=detail&id=147187




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


OrenKatzGet alertedif Oren Katz gets funded!Oren KatzExelate Inc - VP, R&D & General Manager, Israel, VP R&DGraticule Asia Macro Master Fund Ltd - DirectorGraticule Asia Macro Fund Lp - Executive OfficerGraticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund Lp - Executive OfficerGraticule Modular Fund Lp - Executive Officer, DirectorGraticule Managed Fund B Lp - Executive Officer, DirectorGraticule Asia Macro Master Ma 1 Ltd - DirectorGraticule Asia Macro Ma 1 Ltd - DirectorDeals involving Oren Katz$12,000,003 raised with Exelate Inc on September, 2012$1,478,218,480 raised with Graticule Asia Macro Master Fund Ltd on January, 2015$293,593,758 raised with Graticule Asia Macro Fund Lp on January, 2015$296,900,838 raised with Graticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund Lp on February, 2016$56,970,000 raised with Graticule Modular Intermediate Master Fund Lp on February, 2015$114,635,000 raised with Graticule Modular Fund Lp on February, 2016$25,994,000 raised with Graticule Modular Fund Lp on February, 2016$22,550,000 raised with Graticule Modular Fund Lp on February, 2015$34,420,000 raised with Graticule Modular Fund Lp on February, 2015$65,326,672 raised with Graticule Managed Fund B Lp on May, 2016$158,288,833 raised with Graticule Managed Fund B Lp on May, 2016$158,288,833 raised with Graticule Managed Fund B Lp on May, 2015$48,326,672 raised with Graticule Managed Fund B Lp on May, 2015$167,405,100 raised with Graticule Asia Macro Master Ma 1 Ltd on December, 2015$28,200,100 raised with Graticule Asia Macro Ma 1 Ltd on December, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Oren Katz on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






GRATICULE ASIA MACRO ADVISORS LLC(CRD# 170787 / SEC# 801-79670)
Alternate Names:
                    FORTRESS ASIA MACRO ADVISORS LLC , GRATICULE ASIA MACRO GP LLC (RELYING ADVISER) , GRATICULE ASIA MACRO MA 1 GP LLC (RELYING ADVISER) , GRATICULE ASSET MANAGEMENT ASIA , GRATICULE ASSET MANAGEMENT ASIA (UK) LIMITED (RELYING ADVISER) , GRATICULE ASSET MANAGEMENT ASIA PTE. LTD. (RELYING ADVISER) , GRATICULE MODULAR GP LLC (RELYING ADVISER) , GRATICULE REDWOOD MASTER FUND GP LTD (RELYING ADVISER)





                                1 WALLICH STREET, #16-03, GUOCO TOWER, SINGAPORE,  078881






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started












































	Irish Stock Exchange - Debt

















We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more here
Close























MENU











Site Search




Search website content for











Search securities data for



 
                            Shares 

 
                            Debt

 
                            Funds

 
                            Government Bonds




Search securities data for












Search announcements for





Dates from





to 




























            Home
          Market Data & AnnouncementsDebtIndividual Debt Instrument DataShowSecSpecialist






























Debt






GRATICULE ASIA MACRO MA 1 (IRELAND) LIMITED




Legend:
  Debt Security Programme
  Debt Security Non-Programme
  Debt Security Tranche
  Debt Security Document








GRATICULE ASIA MACRO MA 1 (IRELAND) LIMITED
0

1











Domicile
Ireland










USD 1,000,000,000 Asset-Backed Security due 15 December 2041 - GEM



Currency





SEDOL
B72Z0X4













Quick LinksMain Securities Market (MSM)MSM is a regulated market under European legislationGlobal Exchange Market (GEM)GEM is an exchange regulated market and multilateral trading facilityInformation servicesWe are the official source of Irish market data providing timely, standardised and tailored informationStatistical reportsWe produce monthly, quarterly and annual statistics for debtLooking for a document?Where documents are available on the ISE website, they are stored with individual securities  - click If you have a query, please contact debt@ise.ie





Products & ServicesListing DebtGEMMSMList your CompanyESMMSMASMQuoted CompaniesListing FundsList a FundListing ETFsTrading MembersEquity Trading MembershipPrimary Dealer MembershipClearing & SettlementSponsors and AdvisorsInformation ServicesLEI ServicesISIN and CFI ServicesAnnouncement ServicesIPOready programmeMarket Data & AnnouncementsCompaniesCompany dataPrice changesShares in IssueMarket capitilisationEquity turnoverCompany Codes IndicesISEQ Benchmark IndicesISEQ Strategic IndicesISEQ Bond IndicesISEQ 20 Index & i-NAVISEQ 20 WeightingsISEQ 20 ConstituentsISEQ 20 LeveragedISEQ 20 CappedISEQ 20 ETFETF DataIrish Government BondsGovernment BondsBond DetailsBond HistoryBond History GraphExchequer / Treasury BillsExchequer NotesCodesGovernment Bond TurnoverDebtIndividual Debt Instrument DataDebt CodesECP DataECP CodesFundsIndividual Fund Instrument DataFund CodesAnnouncementsDividendsCorporate ActionsCompany Results DatesAGM and EGM DatesStatistical ReportsTotal Market TurnoverMediaNews and Events2017201620152014201320122011Newsletter Sign UpVideosAbout UsHistoryBoard and ManagementCorporate StructureCorporate Social ResponsibilityRegulatory ResponsibilitiesMORE













