

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Chadwick  Chris - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Chadwick  Chris
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Chadwick  Chris. Find out Chadwick  Chris address and contact details. View other people related to Chadwick  Chris - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

8202 Club Meadow Drive  Dallas 75243 TX




Companies related to Chadwick  Chris
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001687268Grava Med Solutions, LLC8202 CLUB MEADOW DRIVE  DALLAS 75243




Chadwick  Chris on the Web
Persons related to Chadwick  Chris - Grava Med Solutions, LLCNamePositionCityChadwick  ChrisDallas




Other people with surname ChadwickChadwick  John, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Arthur, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Ray, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Tom, Chadwick  Kirstie, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Simon, Chadwick  Hudson, Chadwick  William, Chadwick  Mark, CHADWICK  JOHN, CHADWICK  THOMAS, Chadwick  Steven, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Kirstie, CHADWICK  JOHN, Chadwick  James, Chadwick  James, CHADWICK  JOHN, Chadwick  David, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Steven, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  Claire, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  James, Chadwick  Thomas, Chadwick  John, Chadwick  James, Chadwick  Jonathan








 










OEM Medical Solutions Home Page








Home
						CompanyServicesSolutionsContact 
						US





  












							Partner with OEM Medical Solutions, LLC for all of 
							your equipment management, maintenance, and 
							requisition needs and you'll be partnering with an 
							industry leader specializing in servicing the needs 
							of facilities in the mid-Atlantic region. 









01may
Welcome to our new 
							website. OEM is now updating our website 
							in order to provide our customers with more options 
							and better service.  Feel free to let us know 
							what you think! 


01
							Mar
OEM expands our 
							services. OEM is now offering the sale 
							and installation of new and used medical equipment 
							to facilities in the mid-Atlantic region. 


01
							Mar
We're expanding our 
							facilities. OEM Medical Solutions 
							recently began renovating on our new main office and 
							warehouse facilities to better serve our customers. 

 














Unsubscribe





OEM Medical solutions has the experience, 
							expertise and knowledge that you need to make the 
							most of your equipment maintenance, 
							management and requisition needs.
With over 75 years of 
						combined industry experience OEM Medical 
						Solutions is the best option for your facility whether you're 
						looking for equipment repair, equipment management services, 
						or even when it's just time to replace your old 
						equipment.  We provide fast professional service 
						and can review and recommend options to help you 
						streamline and improve your overall equipment 
						management procedures. 
						






Preventative Maintenance Inspections

Endoscope Care & Handling Presentations

Equipment Planning & Consulting

Facility Inventory Audits

Equipment Disposition

Purchase & Sale of Pre-Owned Equipment







							OEM Medical Solutions can help you leverage your 
							current equipment or acquire new equipment to help 
							improve your overall bottom line.
OEM Medical Solutions 
						knows equipment.  OEM's experience with 
						many different types of equipment solutions and 
						facilities management requirements means that we know 
						what works and how to best help our customers manage 
						their equipment needs.  We're locally owned and 
						operated which lets us provide top notch service, sales, 
						and maintenance designed to address the specific needs 
						of all of our clients.








© OEM Medical Solutions, LLC. 2011.     
							Privacy policy | 
							Terms of use















Grava Med Solutions LLC Business Registration
















			North Carolina Businesses
		

HOME | CONTACT






Grava Med Solutions LLC
NORTH CAROLINA BUSINESS REGISTRATION














Grava Med Solutions LLC Business Registration
Published October 4th, 2016 • ncsos.lookupbook.net

			Corporate registration for GRAVA MED SOLUTIONS LLC by Chris Chadwick of 8202 Club Meadows Dr, Dallas, TX filed on Thu, Sep 29th, 2016 with Texas Secretary of State			Full Details Below


Business Location - click to view







Registration Details
Business Name
GRAVA MED SOLUTIONS LLC

File Date

				09/29/2016			

Filing type

			CORPORATE			

Source

			TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE [1] 

Last update
10/04/2016


Continue Below for Registered Agent Details











Registered Agent
Agent Name
CHRIS CHADWICK

Street
8202 CLUB MEADOWS DR

Locality
DALLAS, TX  75243

County
DALLAS

LAT/LNG 
32.787629, -96.79941




References

Texas Secretary of State 



Submit a correction
Know more about this business than we do? Great! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.
Contact Us





MORE BUSINESS REGISTRATIONS INDALLAS, TX







NEWSCAPER - TOP NEWSNew Orleans bilks federal taxpayers of $2 billion in Hurricane Katrina repairs: AuditIRS hires suspected tax cheats, fraudsters: AuditNew video shows Planned Parenthood skirting partial-birth abortion lawTop general says no change to transgender policy without formal Trump orderThomas Homan, ICE chief, says immigrant 'sanctuaries' break smuggling lawsInmates' escape video shows everything is caught on tapeSam Brownback, Kansas governor, nominated by Trump for religious freedom postDrug-runners use catapult to fire massive load of marijuana across borderDangerous heat to scorch western US during 1st week of AugustNEWSCAPER - BUSINESS NEWSFor the first time, Jeff Bezos became Forbes' richest Person 



	Trending Stories








Endangered Entrepreneurs

					Entrepreneurism has seen a steady decline over the past 30 years.
				









Monetize Your Website
	
					Many small business owners monetize their website to offset costs.
				









Privacy Rights

					Corporate America may be pushing privacy rights to eliminate smaller competitors. 
				









Postal Service Email

					Turning email over to the U.S. Postal Service might eliminate spam in your inbox. 
				









Small Business Organizations

					Which organizations best represent the interests of small business owners.
				











		Copyright 2017		Home |
		Privacy |
		Terms |
		Contact













Grava Named VP At Seafloor Systems













































 

Friday, July 28, 2017







Home


Blogs


Magazine


Directory


Jobs


Events


Special Reports


Videos


MTR 100



 
   





Offshore Energy


Hydrographic


Ocean Observation News


Subsea Defense


Vehicle News


New Products
































  Posted by Eric Haun
March 10, 2016


Grava Named VP at Seafloor Systems


Josh Grava (Photo: Seafloor Systems)


Seafloor Systems announced that Josh Grava, Sales Manager, North America, RESON Teledyne Marine, is joining John Tamplin, President, Seafloor Systems, Inc. in a newly created position, Vice President Sales. Josh will manage U.S. and International sales and rentals for all multibeam hydrographic sonar systems.

Grava joined RESON in 1997, straight from University of California Santa Barbara, as sales and marketing assistant. Within a year, he created a sales manager position for himself with RESON’s Transducer and Hydrophone product line, and through dedicated business development, steadily built that program up from $10,000/year business to over $1 million/year. In 2004, he expanded his sales reach within RESON to include the SeaBat Multibeam systems. For the past 12 years with RESON (two years with Teledyne Marine), Josh has managed and grown SeaBat customer accounts in North America, and established solid customer relations within the Multibeam community.
   
                •  United States
                •  North America
                •  University of California, Santa Barbara







Email






Related News


Boskalis, Van Oord JV Awarded Nord Stream 2 Rock Placement LOI
 
A joint venture between Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V. and Van Oord has been awarded a LoI (Letter of Intent) for rock placement…
                    
            



Shipping Company Sponsors Sea Turtle Research
 
Commercial shipping line NYK said it has once again sponsored the Kishu Minabe Sea Turtle Research Project conducted by the NPO Earthwatch Japan.
                    
            



Greensea Hires Abbott as Robotics Engineer
 
Greensea, creator of the universal marine industry operating platform OPENSEA, has hired Geoffrey Abbott as its new robotics engineer…
                    
            



Wind Power's Big Bet: Colossal Turbines
 
Wind farm operators are betting on a new generation of colossal turbines, which will dwarf many skyscrapers, as they seek…
                    
            



Voices: NOC Executive Director Ed Hill
 
At the National Oceanography Center (NOC) in Southampton, U.K. for Ocean Business 2017, Marine Technology Reporter was able…
                    
            



Tiny Quagga Mussels Have a Big Impact
 
Tiny quagga mussels have a big impact on Lake Michigan . . . and perhaps climate change. As prior researchers have demonstrated…
                    
            



Featured Companies


Teledyne Impulse-PDM

 
                Teledyne Impulse-PDM has more than 30 years experience in providing interconnect solutions for the toughest environments. The company is a leading worldwide provider of sophisticated electronic components, instruments and communications products for niche markets where performance…
            



VideoRay

 
                VideoRay is the largest volume producer of Underwater ROVs (Remotely Operated Vehicles) in the world. Established in 1999, VideoRay has worked with technology and mission partners throughout the world to develop and prove the small ROV tool for a wide range of applications.
            



Teledyne CDL

 
                Teledyne CDL is a global engineering company that designs and manufactures a variety of sensors including gyrocompasses, attitude and heading reference systems, and inertial navigation systems.
            



Teledyne Impulse

 
                Teledyne Impulse designs and manufactures high reliability electrical and optical interconnection systems for harsh environment applications. Our dry mateable, wet mateable and underwater mateable connectors are proven performers currently employed in subsea instrumentation…
            



Forum Energy Technologies (FET)

 
                Forum Energy Technologies (FET) is a leading global manufacturer of mission critical, complex, stocked and custom oilfield products and related after-market technical services, for use onshore and offshore. We have assembled some of the most well-known brands in…
            



Teledyne Oceanscience


                The Oceanscience Group is a world leader in development of oceanographic, hydrographic, and hydrologic deployment equipment designed to save survey time and improve data quality. Our major products are remotely-controlled and tethered instrumentation deployment boats for acoustic Doppler current profilers…
            

























Hydrographic Edition 2017





                            Innovative Hydrography; delivering a workflow for Acquisition, Processing, Visualization and Sharing for all modalities of  today’s shallow water multibeam echosounders
                        



                            Improved Operational Decision- Making for USV Fleet Surveys
                        



                            Listening to your customer is key  when designing a new product
                        



                            SUB-BOTTOM PROFILING ACQUISITION & PROCESSING IN HYPACK®
                        






        Search Marine Technology Jobs
    



Manager, Fleet Maintenance China

                            ● Matson Navigation Company
                        

                            ● Oakland, CA, United States
                        




Chief Engineer/2nd Engineer

                            ● Rigel Shipping Canada Inc
                        

                            ● Shediac, NB, Canada
                        




SENIOR MARINE SUBSEA SURVEYOR




Tug Captains & Deckhands

                            ● P&L Marine Towing
                        




Chief Radio Electronics Technician

                            ● Military Sealift Command
                        




Post Resume
Employers – Post Jobs






Marine Technology Reporter is the world's largest audited subsea industry publication serving the offshore energy, subsea defense and scientific communities.
Subscribe





Marine Technology ENews is the subsea industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email three times per week
Subscribe for MTR E-news






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 








MedSolutions LLC Brentwood, CA (800) 346-1646





















































Home|Browse Our ProductsBrowse Our Products |Scooters - One Full Year Free Service (CA Only) |Lift Chairs - BLOWOUT SALE - Take 30% Off Instantly |Vehicle Lifts - FREE EVALUATION (CA Only) |Ramps - FREE EVALUATION & LAYOUT (CA Only) |Complex Rehab Mobility - Insurance Billing & No Charge Evaluations (CA Only) |About Us|Scooter Online Warehouse|Workers' Comp|Map|Contact Us











{{selectedSearchType.label}} 




















NavigationHomeBrowse Our ProductsAbout UsMapContact UsEquipment InstructionsScooter WarehouseAccepted Insurance




 12345"Making Life Easier""Making Life Easier" is our tag line and it's our mission. MedSolutions is a mobility company that provides high quality products and expert advise to customers looking for products to assist with their daily living activities. We provide products for simple mobility issues, walkers, scooters, etc.  We also work with doctors and clinical teams to provide complex mobility products for patients requiring more complicated solutions. Our commitment is to be your medical mobility provider for life.


Scooters - One Full Year Free Service (CA Only)GO-GO® LX WITH CTS SUSPENSION 4 WHEEL (Pride)$1,354.50GO-GO® LX WITH CTS SUSPENSION 3-WHEEL (Pride)$1,214.50VICTORY® 10 LX WITH CTS SUSPENSION (Pride)$2,765.00GO-GO ELITE TRAVELER 4-WHEEL SCOOTER (Pride)$1,221.50GO-GO ELITE TRAVELER® PLUS-3 WHEEL (Pride)$1,228.50GO-GO ELITE TRAVELER-3 WHEEL (Pride)$1,123.50GO-GO® ES 2 (Pride)$1,275.00Lift Chairs - BLOWOUT SALE - Take 30% Off InstantlyLC-250, 3 POSITION, FULL RECLINE, CHAISE LOUNGER (Pride)$840.00LC-358PW 3-POSITION, FULL RECLINE, CHAISE LOUNGER (Pride)$1,048.60LC-358XL 3-POSITION, FULL RECLINE, CHAISE LOUNGER (Pride)$1,748.00 - $2,478.00Vehicle Lifts - FREE EVALUATION (CA Only)MICRO OUTSIDE LIFT (Harmar Mobility)POWER TOTE (Harmar Mobility)Ramps - FREE EVALUATION & LAYOUT (CA Only)TRANSITIONS™ MODULAR ENTRY RAMP (EZ Access)TRANSITIONS® MODULAR ENTRY MAT (EZ Access)SUITCASE® SIGNATURE SERIES® RAMPS (EZ Access)Complex Rehab Mobility - Insurance Billing & No Charge Evaluations (CA Only)C350 REAR WHEEL WHEELCHAIR (Permobil)$7,245.00 - $9,533.00F3 CORPUS FRONT WHEEL DRIVE WHEELCHAIR (Permobil)$7,295.00F5 CORPUS FRONT WHEEL DRIVE WHEELCHAIR (Permobil)$14,995.00F5 CORPUS VS STANDING WHEELCHAIR (Permobil)$15,883.00More Complex Rehab Mobility - Insurance Billing & No Charge Evaluations (CA Only) >>
MedSolutions Store HoursM-F8:00 a.m.5:00 p.m.SatClosedSunClosed





HoursM-F8:00 a.m.5:00 p.m.SatClosedSunClosed





























MedSolutions LLC


Address
8157 Brentwood Blvd
STE B
Brentwood, CA 94513











Contact
Phone: (925) 634-7791
Toll Free: (800) 346-1646Fax: (925) 634-3597


				© 2017 MedSolutions LLC
				
Powered by ARI Network Services - Endeavor

6.31.8066.1



About UsMedSolutions LLC, is a mobility company featuring Scooters / Powerchairs. Custom Manual Chairs. SALES, RENTAL, REPAIRS & INSURANCE BILLING.Home PageMedSolutions LLC



Navigation

HomeBrowse Our ProductsAbout UsScooter Online WarehouseWorkers' CompMapContact UsTerms and ConditionsNotice of Privacy PracticesSite Map



















	InHome Medical Solutions











































User Name







Password



























































Features
Our expansive product selection contains both InHome Medical Solutions private label and national brand products, representing the best combination of cost and quality. It is all about providing you with the right choices not endless choices.
                            InHome delivers a comprehensive range of diabetic, respiratory, urological, incontinence, wound care, ostomy, and home medical equipment products. Headquartered in Jacksonville FL, InHome employs both clinical and non-clinical professionals serving homecare agencies and their patients with hundreds of direct to patient and direct to provider orders daily. 






Competitive Pricing
We offer quality supplies at a competitive price





Order Guides
InHome provides custom order guides for routine supplies





MSDS Sheets
MSDS sheets are available to download online





Capitated PPD 
Understand Your True Spend Per Patient





System Integration
Comprehensive B2B and EDI Software Integration Solutions 





Customer FTPS File Sharing
Explicit Incrypted FTPS server for exchanging files and reports 















About Us













Our five fully stocked distribution centers allow us to provide one-to-two business day delivery to 96% of the U.S. Our locations include IN, NJ, CA, TX, and FL. All our distribution centers feature fully automated, state-of-the-art technology to reduce errors and improve accuracy rates on all orders for efficient packing and processing. Our staff and infrastructure's positioned to ship a pallet of gloves, or a single catheter the same afternoon the order is received.


















Services















Custom Reporting
We work hard to provide our customers with all reporting needs in order to streamline the operation process and reduce spend. Custom reports are available upon request. 











Online Store
InHome offers a user friendly online ordering platform with the ability to customize templates, control spend and enforce compliance with a multi level administrative hierarchy.











Patient Home Delivery
Have your medical supplies delivered in a discrete package directly to the patient to reduce drive time. Patient demographics can be imported daily to ensure accurate billing codes for each episode.











Customer Service
Qualified and Experienced Customer Service Representatives are available to assist with product selection, order tracking, placing orders, or any questions that you may have while placing an order. 
















Leadership












Todd LaVelle
President











Scott Cooper
Director of Operations











Kendall Martin
Director of Marketing and IT












Dustin Fries
Regional Sales Director


















Contact Us














Name



Company Name



Phone Number



Email Address



Message




















Main Office

InHome Medical Solutions 8500 Baycenter Road Suite 25 Jacksonville, FL 32256 Ph: (877) 867-6882 
                                        Fax: (888) 767-6592    
                                

Email Orders:
orders@inhomemed.com Career Info:
careers@inhomemed.com Investors:
investorrelations@inhomemed.com


InHome Medical Solutions' order cut off time is 3:00 P.M. EST for customers in the Eastern Time Zone and 4:00 P.M. EST (3:00 P.M. CST) for those in the Central Time Zone. Orders submitted after these times will be processed the next business day. For EMERGENCY orders after cutoff, please contact customer service directly. 




















 










C-MedSolutions | Personalized Healthcare Products and Solutions













































































Request A Consultation
























































All fields are required.
 Close Appointment form


















 (844) 855-CMED (2633)
   info@c-medsolutions.com



















Maximize Revenue OpportunitiesMarketing SupportWe are dedicated partners in growing your Practice.Learn More  Patients Have A Unique Set of NeedsPersonalized MedicineHelping physicians provide the right patient with the right drug and dose, at the right time.Learn More  C-Med SolutionsOur CompanyFast-growing full-service medical consulting firm, providing services nationwide.About Us  










Company News

Blog, Press Releases, & Case Studies  


Consulting Engagements

Marketing Support & Specialized treatment for a variety of health conditions and management  


Products

Alternative Pain Management Therapy, Injection Kits & More  








Stay in Touch
Be the first to receive new blog posts, press releases, & updates











Affiliation


























About C-Med Solutions C-Med Solutions' mission is to build value by delivering pharmaceutical and other healthcare products, services and solutions in cost effective ways.

 

 Recent Posts 

C-MED Solutions Announces In House Laboratory Testing Services, Now Available to Practitioners


C-MED Solutions Rolls out New Consulting Service


C-MED Solutions Adds FDA-Approved Emergency Opioid Antagonist to Product Line-Up


C-MED Solutions Expands Its Personalize Healthcare Solutions


2015 PAINWeek Annual Conference


 

Twitter 

 

Quick Contact











 
















































PRODUCTS - OneMed Solutions














































 














  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 













YOUR MEN’S HEALTH CONSULTANT

 

 
 






STONE MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS 


 

 
 







PHARMACEUTICAL SOLUTIONS

 

 
 






STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP
IMPROVING PATIENTS EXPERIENCE 


 

 
 
 
 
 






 




VIRTUAL CLINIC PORTAL
With our Virtual Clinic Portal you will have access to your own personal consultant that will facilitate the process of your prescription, go over the prescribed therapy and answer any questions you may have. Using secure technology, we provide our patients the best experience and continue to find solutions that improve clinical side of Healthcare. You are one step closer to recovery, schedule your consultation TODAY.

 
 


onemed Store

 
 
 



AVAILABLE THERAPIES
 
 
 





Vacuum Therapy
The most effective way for patients with mild to severe ED and or Peyronie’s Disease to recover and maintain penile health for a better long term sex life.

 
 
 




Injection Therapy
A common option for patients who have had prostate cancer treatments and are not responding positive to oral therapy.

 
 
 




PDE5 Inhibitor
Patient with mild ED benefit from using PDE5 inhibitor (oral medications) and results vary depending on each patient condition.

 
 
 




Penile Prostheses
Physicians will consider a penile implant when there is a clear medical cause for ED and when the condition is not improving naturally or with any available therapy.

 
 
 
 
 




Subscribe to our newsletter
Register to receive the latest news on
ED, Stone Management treatments and more…




First Name



Last Name



Email Address


Subscribe Today!




 
 
 




CLINICAL SERVICE


 
 
 
 

OUR MISSION To find different ways to improve healthcare in addition to developing new product technology that focuses on solving clinical problems.
That will always remain our foundation, but we’re equally passionate about solving problems on the business side of healthcare.
 
 


OUR PHYSICIANS


 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 




















Share This





onemedsolutions/cebook





onemedus





onemedus




















