

WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY
Check out list of companies and businesses related to WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY. Find out WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY address and contact details. View other people related to WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O CHECKPOINT THERAPEUTICS, INC. 2 GANSEVOORT STREET, 9TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10014 NY




Companies related to WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001651407Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.2 GANSEVOORT STREET 9TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10014




WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY on the Web
Persons related to WILLIAM GARRETT  GRAY - Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.NamePositionCitySalzman  BarryNew YorkScott  BoilenDirector NEW YORKCORONADO BIOSCIENCES INC10% Owner BURLINGTONHorin  DavidNew YorkWILLIAM GARRETT  GRAYNEW YORKNeil  HerskowitzDirector NEW YORKDavid J  HorinNEW YORKOliviero,  James IIINew YorkRosenwald  LindsayNew YorkWeiss  MichaelNew YorkHerskowitz  NeilNew YorkJames F  Oliviero IIICEO and President NEW YORKLINDSAY A MD  ROSENWALDDirector BARRY M  SALZMANDirector BELMONTBoilen  ScottNew YorkMICHAEL S  WEISSDirector NEW JERSEY
Potentially same personNameCityCountryGarrett  WilliamPeachtree CityGeorgiaGarrett  WilliamOviedoFLGARRETT  WILLIAMOVIEDOFL












 









William Garrett Gray - Eskdale, WV | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William Garrett Gray in Eskdale, WV


William Garrett Gray

                                                                           Intelius found that William Garrett Gray  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Eskdale, WV.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

William Garrett Gray is in his 40s

William Has Lived In

Eskdale, WV
Dawes, WV

William's Relatives

Bonnie Gray
Brandy Gray
Joann Gray
Roger Gray







William Garrett Gray



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William Garrett Gray
Get a Criminal Check on William Garrett Gray
Get a Public Record Report on William Garrett Gray
Get a People Search Report on William Garrett Gray


William Garrett Gray's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William Garrett Gray has lived as well as William Garrett Gray's phone numbers and email addresses.




William Garrett Gray Has Lived in 1 States
West Virginia Address for William Garrett Gray


670 D***** R* 

Eskdale, WV


Has Lived In

Eskdale, WV
Dawes, WV


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William Garrett Gray

(304) ***-**** - Eskdale, WV 
() ***-**** - Eskdale, WV 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William Garrett Gray



Get Email Report




William Garrett Gray's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William Garrett Gray


William Garrett Gray's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William Garrett Gray's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Gray
Username Matches

                  WilliamGray
                  GrayWilliam
                  William.Gray
                  Gray.William
                  William_Gray
                  Gray_William
                  William-Gray
                  Gray-William
                  WGray
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Gray







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Gray, William  Brown | Cole & Garrett Funeral Homes and Cremation Services
















































 

























About Us

Who We Are
Our Staff
Why Families Choose Us
Funeral Homes
Family Legacy
Blog
FREE Planning Tools
Leave a Review
Sign Up to Receive Our Newsletter


Plan

Start Planning
Advance Planning
Immediate Arrangements
FREE Planning Tools


Celebrate

Life Celebrations
Funeral Plans
Cremation Plans
Honoring Veterans
Events
FREE Planning Tools


Remember

Remember
Grief Resources
FREE Planning Tools


Funeral Homes

Goodlettsville
White House
FREE Planning Tools


Our Cemeteries

Cemeteries Overview
Perpetual Care
FREE Planning Tools


Obituaries

Current Obituaries
All Obituaries


Shop

Send Flowers
Shopping Cart
Shop Policies


 







 


 
Need Help? Call: (615) 859-5231 




Cole & Garrett Funeral Homes and Cremation Services



 



William Brown Gray




Born in Franklin Co., TN on June 30, 1929Departed on June 14, 2010 and resided in Pegram, TN 

Click on the links above for maps and directions. View current weather.


Sign the Guestbook
















GRAY, William "Brown" Jr., 80, June 14, 2010. Retired from Ford Glass Plant in 1989 after 32 years of employment and lifelong member of UAW. Survived by wife of 59 years, Elwanda Owen Gray; daughter, Sherrie Joe Gray Teal; grandchildren, Sydney Nicole Teal, Joseph Landon Teal, Jake Gray Teal; sister, Billie Gray Glen Smith. The funeral service will be 2 p.m., Thursday, June17, 2010 at West Harpeth Funeral Home with Rev. Dennis Meaker, Bro. Clifford Dobbs and Bro. S.N. Kim officiating. Interment to follow at Harpeth Hills Memory Gardens. Active pallbearers will be Tim Smith, Bret Smith, Mathew Smith, Eric Smith, Keith Adam, Ben Smith, Glen Smith, Blake Brewington and Joe Williams. Honorary pallbearers will be his Ford Retiree Couples, John and Jean Arnold, Carol Thompson, Ronnie Wright, Bobby L. Teal and many other dear friends who shared our special life together. Visitation will be Wednesday 2-8 p.m. and Thursday one hour prior to the service at WEST HARPETH FUNERAL HOME 6962 Charlotte Pike






7 Comments to  William Brown Gray






Kristi 


			June 15, 2010 12:00 am

Sweet “Daddy Brown” will be missed very much.











Gene and Olivia Nelson 


			June 15, 2010 12:00 am

Will miss Uncle Brown tremendously, but heaven is a richer place with him!











Peggy Haislip Mitchell 


			June 16, 2010 12:00 am

Wanda and Family
My thoughts and prayers are with you at this sad time in your lives.
May God richly bless you and your
precious family.  Love to all











Natalie Norwood 


			June 16, 2010 12:00 am

Dear Aunt Wanda and Sherrie:
I’m so sorry to hear that Uncle Brown has left us.  Mom has kept me posted on his condition. I know he is in a better place and not hurting now.  I know that doesn’t ease your pain now but know that you are in my prayers and thoughts.  I love you both with all my heart, we’ll all miss him.  May God bless and keep you now and always.  I love you bunches!!!
Natalie











Ron Mason 


			June 16, 2010 12:00 am

My prayers for the family.
Brown was a good man and a very good friend of mine at Ford. I will never forget him.











Stephen Seymour 


			June 17, 2010 12:00 am

Mrs. Gray, my heart goes out to you during this time. I will never forget when you and Mr. Gray took me to The Perfect Pig in White Bluff after I had helped you all with some arrangements at West Harpeth. I have always admired you both and am praying for you and your family during this time.











Evelyn 


			June 17, 2010 12:00 am

I am so sorry I did not find out  until to late to come to the funeral home.  I want you to know you are in my prayers.  I always thought you were the most  friendly couple I knew. We have spent some good times together and I love you both.   
Love
Evelyn Hollingsworth














Celebrate Life. Remember Forever.                                        Copyright ©
                    2017 Family Legacy. Site by Leap Tie, Inc.





































William Garrett Gray - Principal Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance at Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





William Garrett Gray
Principal Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance at Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


William Garrett Gray
Principal Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance at Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.



 Overview



Age



30
                                  (Born 1987)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,636 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




James F. Oliviero

President & Chief Executive Officer at Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.




Michael S. Weiss

President & Chief Executive Officer at TG Therapeutics, Inc.





Lucy Lu

Chief Executive Officer & President at Avenue Therapeutics, Inc.




Robyn Hunter

Chief Financial Officer at Fortress Biotech, Inc.





Elisabeth Leiderman

Business Development at Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.




Dave Horin

Interim Chief Financial Officer at Mustang Bio, Inc.





Lora L. Pike

Senior Director, Investor Relations at Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.




Douglass H. Laidlaw

Vice President of Scientific & Medical Affairs at Pancreatic Cancer Action Network





Daniel W. Olmstead

Vice President, Payer Access at Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.




Amy B. Sullivan

Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs at Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.







See 1,626 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,626 More 


 


 Paths to William Garrett Gray



            William Garrett Gray          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 William Garrett Gray






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with William Garrett Gray.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Lehigh University

                  Lehigh is a premier residential research university, ranked in the top tier of national research universities each year. We are a coeducational, nondenominational, private university that offers a distinct academic environment of undergraduate and graduate students from across the globe.

Our university offers majors and programs in four colleges: The College of Arts and Sciences, The College of Business and Economics, The College of Education and The P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science.

More than 4,700 undergraduate and 2,000 graduate students call Lehigh "home." Located in Pennsylvania’s scenic Lehigh Valley, the campus is in close proximity to both New York City and Philadelphia. Lehigh is comprised of 2,358 acres, making it one of the largest private universities in the country. The Asa Packer Campus, Mountaintop Campus, and Murray H. Goodman Campus are contiguous. In 2012, the university received a Stabler Foundation gift of 755 acres in nearby Upper Saucon Township.

Since 1865, generations of students have chosen Lehigh for their educational experience. They know Lehigh is a place where they can make strong personal connections with faculty, conduct research in diverse fields of study, thrive in a dynamic campus community, form lasting bonds with Lehigh alumni, and learn from their own life experiences.                





 Career History



Principal Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance

                                    2015 - Current                


Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company specializes in the acquisition, development and commercialization of novel, non-chemotherapy, immune-enhanced combination treatments for patients with solid tumor cancers through licensing the rights or otherwise acquiring an ownership interest in technologies, research funding and development, and eventually marketing. Its portfolio include fully human immuno-oncology checkpoint inhibitor antibodies licensed from the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute that target programmed death-ligand 1; glucocorticoid-induced TNFR-related protein; and carbonic anhydrase IX. It also developing three oral, small-molecule, targeted anti-cancer agents that inhibit epidermal growth-factor receptor mutations, namely the bromodomain and extra-terminal protein BRD4, and poly polymerase. The company was founded on November 10, 2014 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Controller

                                    2013 - Prior                


Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of medicines for the treatment of renal disease. Its products include phosphate-binding medicines, intravenous iron, and other medications. The company was founded in October 1998 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Senior Auditor

                                    Prior                


Deloitte & Touche LLP


                  Deloitte & Touche LLP offers auditing and consulting services. It also provides accounting, financial advisory, risk management, and tax services. The company engages in international financial reporting, assurance, advisory, tax auditing, corporate governance, risk consulting, advisory services, mergers and acquisitions, government compliance, and human capital consulting services. The company was founded on May 6, 1997 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              William Garrett Gray is affiliated with
                            Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc., Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Deloitte & Touche LLP.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


























William Gray Garrett, born 1825 - Ancestry















 



The website you are about to visit is ProGenealogists®, operated by TGN Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Ancestry.


















Try FREE for 14 days







William Gray Garrett

                            Found 10 Records,  
10 Photos
                             and 
2,386,043 Family Trees
            

                 Born on 1825 to John Garrett and Sarah Gray. William Gray married Mary Ann Wilkins and had a child. 
            



Family Members



Parents




John Garrett

1792-60







Sarah Gray

1800-1871





Spouse(s)




Mary Ann Wilkins







Children




Rosa Maria Garrett

1858-Unknown










Ready to discover your family story?
Simply start with yourself and we'll do the searching for you.





Your name



Last name



Age



Gender



Male



Female






Search Now



































Potential photos and documents for William Gray Garrett
View All 10 Images







William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett





William Garrett










Top record matches for William Gray Garrett






Surname meaning for "Garrett"
English: from either of two Germanic personal names introduced to
Britain by the Normans: Gerard, composed of the elements
gar, ger ‘spear’, ‘lance’ + hard ‘hardy’,
‘brave’, ‘strong’; and Gerald, composed of the elements
gar, ger ‘spear’, ‘lance’ + wald ‘rule’.





More Resources

Search for historical records
Message Board for Garrett surname
Ancestry members researching "Garrett"
Learn more about Ancestry









We found  record(s)
                for  
                in our database.




View records
View all our records with a 14-Day FREE Trial




Your Search returned zero good matches
Why?

            Although there may be many good matches for your ancestor in our content, we can't
            return good matches without more information.
        
What should you do?

            Add details about your ancestor - even an educated guess can increase your chances
            of getting a high-quality match.
        





What else can you do on Ancestry?




                Discover your family history in millions of family trees and more than 11 billion
                birth, marriage, death, census, and military records.
            
Search historical records





                Start a free family tree online and let us do the searching for you! You'll get
                "hints" when we find info that matches your relatives.
            
Start a FREE family tree





                    With one simple test, you can discover your unique genetic origins and find family
                    you never knew you had.
                
Get AncestryDNA



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Paint Colors by Family - Sherwin-Williams







































































Message Dialog



Close

















Display Update Message





















							Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity.  Click OK to extend your time for an additional 30 minutes.
							






OK





















































































This item has been successfully added to your list.














Continue Shopping





























Navigation and Header Links
















  
   Homeowners  

  
   Quick Order
	 

 

 Help
	 


















Sign In
/ Register

















 


















What can we help you find?
















Suggested keywords menu








Suggested site content and search history menu




Current Order








		0
	

		$0.00
	












You have added


							
							






Your Cart
									
										(0 items)
									
										
											Subtotal: $0.00
										



Proceed to Checkout



Continue Shopping



 
 
 
 
 
 
 




















					Suggested site content and search history menu
				
































 






























William Garrett Gray 1847-1920 - Ancestry















 



The website you are about to visit is ProGenealogists®, operated by TGN Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Ancestry.


















Try FREE for 14 days







William Garrett Gray

                            Found 10 Records,  
9 Photos
                             and 
5,677,199 Family Trees
            

                 Born in Bedford, Virginia, USA on 15 Feb 1847 to James Gray and Rachel Falls. William Garrett married Lucy Ann Bucker and had 11 children. He passed away on 26 Mar 1920 in Roanoke, Virginia, USA.
            



Family Members



Parents




James Gray

1815-Unknown







Rachel Falls







Spouse(s)




Lucy Ann Bucker

1855-1920





Children




Martha Edmoner Gray

1873-1951







Syntha Lane Gray

1875-1890







Ollie Belle Gray

1878-1916







Flowrie Perl Gray

1880-1919







Daisy Dean Gray

1884-1977







Bertha E Taylor

1886-1963







Nora Ann Gray

1888-Unknown







Nord Ann Gray

1888-Unknown







Dorsie Ballard Gray

1891-1914







Clarrie Tiney Gray

1896-1896







Clavit Tiney Gray

1896-Unknown











Ready to discover your family story?
Simply start with yourself and we'll do the searching for you.





Your name



Last name



Age



Gender



Male



Female






Search Now



































Potential photos and documents for William Garrett Gray
View All 9 Images







William Garrett Gray





William Garrett Gray





William G. Gray





William G. Gray





William G Gray





William G "Billie" Gray





William G Gray





William G Gray





William G Gray










Top record matches for William Garrett Gray






Surname meaning for "Gray"
English: nickname for someone with gray hair or a gray beard,
from Old English græg ‘gray’. In Scotland and Ireland it has
been used as a translation of various Gaelic surnames derived from
riabhach ‘brindled’, ‘gray’ (see Reavey). In North
America this name has assimilated names with similar meaning from
other European languages.





More Resources

Search for historical records
Message Board for Gray surname
Ancestry members researching "Gray"
Learn more about Ancestry









We found  record(s)
                for  
                in our database.




View records
View all our records with a 14-Day FREE Trial




Your Search returned zero good matches
Why?

            Although there may be many good matches for your ancestor in our content, we can't
            return good matches without more information.
        
What should you do?

            Add details about your ancestor - even an educated guess can increase your chances
            of getting a high-quality match.
        





What else can you do on Ancestry?




                Discover your family history in millions of family trees and more than 11 billion
                birth, marriage, death, census, and military records.
            
Search historical records





                Start a free family tree online and let us do the searching for you! You'll get
                "hints" when we find info that matches your relatives.
            
Start a FREE family tree





                    With one simple test, you can discover your unique genetic origins and find family
                    you never knew you had.
                
Get AncestryDNA





















Family Tree for William Garrett Gray Sr.






















login

  








Family Tree & Genealogy Tools for William Garrett Gray Sr.









Share Garrett's Tree on Facebook
This is William Garrett Gray Sr.'s basic pedigree chart. There are many additional tools for Garrett's genealogy below.



Family Tree
Genealogy Research
WikiTree Tools
Contact











William Garrett Gray Sr.

	19 Nov 1813 - 
	14 Sep 1883
Caldwell Co., KY

Brother of
			Nathan Oliver Gray, 					Martha Amanda Gray, 					Lydia G (Gray) Adams, 					Susanna P. Gray, 					William C. Gray and 					Mildred J. Gray 
Husband of
		Margaret Jane (Foley) Gray

Husband of
		Sarah Frances (Blick) Gray



Father of
			Isaac Mason Gray, 					William Garrett Gray Jr., 					Clarinda J. (Gray) Murray, 					Nathan O. Gray, 					John Marlin Gray, 					Lucien Anderson Gray, 					James Lamont Gray, 					Edward Peyton Gray, 					General Lee Gray and 					Thomas  Gray 





Isaac Gray  
22 Feb 1791 - 31 Jul 1849Fauquair Co., VA





Garret B. Gray Jr  
abt 1755 - abt 1827Essex, New Jersey, British Colonial America




Garrett Gray  
25 Dec 1722 - 1798Somerset, Essex, NJ




Johannes Grau   
1699 - 21 Nov 1752







Antje Sponheimer Sponhiemer   
abt 1704 - 







Lydia Unknown  
1722 - 1798NJ




[g-g-grandfather?]







[g-g-grandmother?]








Susannah Unknown  
abt 1765 - abt 1835




[great-grandfather?]


















[great-grandmother?]



















Jane Marlin  
27 May 1790 - 03 Mar 1860Ireland




[Marlin grandfather? please help]








































[Marlin grandmother? please help]












































Here is a collection of tools for genealogists with an interest in Garrett's family history.
	

If you are a genealogist login to see more tools and options below. Creating an account only takes a couple minutes. WikiTree is entirely free and open to all genealogists and their family members.
If you are a genealogist but don't want to login right now see the contact information below. Please don't leave if you have data and sources to add for Garrett.
If you're new to genealogy see Getting Started with Genealogy.

 


Family Tree
Genealogy Research
WikiTree Tools
Contact


Genealogy Research
Ancestor List for Garrett Gray Sr. 
The ancestor list uses the "ahnen" numbering system and presents seven generations in plain text. There are no images or colors. This makes it well-suited for printing when you're doing offline research.
	
Compact Family Tree
This alternative tree view is packed with eight generations — up to 254 ancestors — along with birth and death dates and locations. The downside is that it's not a conventional tree format; it may take a couple minutes to orient yourself.

Descendant List 
This shows up to five generations of children and grandchildren of Garrett along with their spouses.
	
DNA Ancestors and DNA Descendants 
Genetic genealogy is the new frontier. Our two DNA views are designed to help you use genetic testing to confirm and expand Garrett's genealogy. The DNA Ancestors page shows the specific ancestors from whom Garrett gets his Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA. Especially helpful for some serious genetic genealogists is the inheritance pattern for Garrett's X chromosome, also shown here.
			The DNA Descendants page shows exactly who has inherited Garrett's testable DNA.
			
DNA Ancestor Confirmation Aid 
This tool helps you take things a step beyond the DNA Ancestors and DNA Descendants views. The ambitious goal: scientific confirmation of each parent-child relationship in Garrett's tree. This is still fairly complex but it's getting simpler every day.

Dynamic Tree
The dynamic tree expands to include an unlimited number of generations of parents and children. You can zoom in or out and pan around for the perfect view as you browse.
Family Group Sheet 
This simple page illustrates nuclear families based on marriages. It's handy when someone had children from more than one marriage.
				
Family List
This flexible tool enables you to see more ancestors and/or descendants on one page than anywhere else on WikiTree.
Global Family Tree Connection 
How many degrees of separation are between Garrett and Kevin Bacon? This Connection Finder includes relationships through marriage, so it is not a genealogical cousin calculator like our Relationship Finder, but it's a fun way to illustrate how closely we're all connected.
Images of Garrett 
	There aren't any photographs or source images for Garrett yet.
					Login to upload one.
						
Index of Grays
This page shows all the Grays on WikiTree. It's useful for genealogists with an interest in the surname that goes beyond Garrett. There are a variety of connected tools, such as Gray DNA Connections and GRAY G2G.

Location Maps 
Here are quick links to mapping websites:
      Birth: Caldwell Co., KY on Google Maps | Open Street Map.
      Marriage: Unknown.
      Marriage: Lyon Co.,KY on Google Maps | Open Street Map.
      Death: Lyon Co., KY on Google Maps | Open Street Map.

Printer-Friendly Tree 
This view parallels the pedigree chart above but it is optimized for printing. It can be used as a fill-in-the-blanks form at a family gathering.
	
Profile of Garrett
The profile page is the central place for organizing and viewing information and sources on an individual. This tree & tools page is a supplement to it. Whenever you see Garrett's name on WikiTree (and ideally, elsewhere on the Internet!) it will be linked to the profile at https://www.WikiTree.com/wiki/Gray-4730 where Gray-4730 is Garrett's unique WikiTree ID.
	

Relationship Finder

	Enter Gray-4730 and any other WikiTree ID to find the genealogical relationship between Garrett and the other person.
	It will name the relationship, e.g. "third cousin twice removed," and show the trail of connections to a common ancestor. Although not everyone on WikiTree shares common ancestors, finding and connecting them is our ultimate goal. See the Relationship Finder Quick Links to check for relationships to US presidents, Mayflower passengers, Magna Carta Sureties and more.
Research with RootsSearch
Automatically search for Garrett on more than 20 different genealogy websites with the RootsSearch app.
Share Tree on Facebook 
Download and share an attractive family tree image. This is a great way to elicit information and photo sharing from family and old friends. You might be surprised at who replies. The "Wikid Shareable Tree" is another option. You can just copy and paste the URL https://www.WikiTree.com/treewidget/Gray-4730/4 into your favorite social network.

Surnames 
The surnames page is a quick reference sheet that displays seven generations of Garrett's family names.
	Many members share its URL https://www.WikiTree.com/treewidget/Gray-4730/10
	via e-mail, e.g. with a DNA match to ask if the other person recognizes a surname.




Family Tree
Genealogy Research
WikiTree Tools
Contact


WikiTree Tools
Here are additional tools to help genealogists collaborate on WikiTree to grow Garrett's family history.
Activity Feed
Here you can view the additions and changes that WikiTree members have made to Garrett's profile so far.
			
Edit Profile and Relationships 
Garrett's edit page is the central location for adding information and correcting mistakes.
Is there anything you can add or improve upon?
	Since you're not logged-in yet you can't make changes directly. Contact the profile managers. Please don't go away without giving us your information and sources. Thank you!
	
Family Tree Widgets 
If you're a blogger who's writing a post about Garrett or have a Gray family website or surname website you can include one of these widgets to illustrate his tree.


Privacy Setting 
You'll notice colored privacy icons in search results, the Gray surname index, etc.

The white dot for Garrett indicates that his profile is Open.

	Only the profile manager can edit this setting.
	
Tests of Garrett's DNA
If Garrett's DNA (not a family member's or descendant's DNA) has been tested for genealogical purposes the test or tests should be selected here. This will automatically create connections on the profiles of Garrett's relatives where the test may be useful for confirming relationships. It's very valuable for advanced genealogy.
	To add tests you need to be on Garrett's Trusted List.

Trusted List
This shows you the WikiTree members who have full power to access and edit Garrett's information. Use it to see who else shares your interest in Garrett and receives updates about changes to the profile. The Relationship Finder icon links  next their names will show you their relationship to Garrett.




Family Tree
Genealogy Research
WikiTree Tools
Contact


Contact
Here are ways to connect and communicate with genealogists regarding Garrett's profile, especially if you're unable to collaborate directly using the WikiTree Tools above.

Ask a Question about Garrett
WikiTree's Genealogist-to-Genealogist (G2G) Forum is where genealogists help each other. If you have a question about Garrett and would like to seek help from the wider community — not just Garrett's friends and family — post it here.   



Comment on Profile Message Board
Garrett's profile, like all WikiTree profiles, has a section for public comments. This is the best place to put anything you'd like seen by all genealogists who are interested in Garrett. Profile managers are alerted to new comments via e-mail, everyone on the Trusted List will see a notice about it in their activity feeds, and people who visit Garrett's profile in the future will see your comment.
	You will need to login to post.
	
E-Card
Any image uploaded to WikiTree can be sent as a free e-card, including photos of Garrett or scans of vintage postcards. An e-card can be a great way to tell a genealogist or family member about what's here.

Privacy Take-Down Request Form
If you are Garrett or officially represent him and the profile manager refuses to remove personal information use this form.


Private Message — Directly Contact Profile Manager 
Here you can send a private message to a Wiki Genealogist managing Garrett's profile. If there are multiple managers or genealogists involved, you will need to send separate messages. Unless your information is sensitive it's better to post a public comment. Login to post.

Trusted List Request Form
		If you're a genealogist with a special interest in collaborating on Garrett's profile, join the Trusted List. The profile is Open so you don't need to be on the Trusted List to edit or improve upon it. You only need to join if you want to receive updates about him in your activity feeds or complete merges.
				You will need to login first.
		
If you have sourced information about Garrett, the WikiTree community thanks you in advance for not leaving here without sharing it. :-)  We are on a mission to connect the human family on one free yet reliable and privacy-controlled tree. Although we will never be finished, we make amazing progress every day because tens of thousands of good genealogists are willing to help.











G  >  Gray   >  William Garrett Gray Sr.





WIKITREE HOME   |   ABOUT   |   BLOG   |   G2G FORUM   |   HELP   |   SEARCH
IMPORTANT PRIVACY NOTICE & DISCLAIMER: YOU HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO USE CAUTION WHEN DISTRIBUTING PRIVATE INFORMATION. WIKITREE PROTECTS MOST SENSITIVE INFORMATION BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT STATED IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY.
© 2008 - 2017 INTERESTING.COM, INC. CONTENT MAY BE COPYRIGHTED BY WIKITREE COMMUNITY MEMBERS.


   












Garret Gray SW 6075 - Neutral Paint Color - Sherwin-Williams















































































Message Dialog



Close

















Display Update Message





















							Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity.  Click OK to extend your time for an additional 30 minutes.
							






OK



































































			[]
		


	{
	
	}




















This item has been successfully added to your list.














Continue Shopping





























Navigation and Header Links
















  
   Homeowners  

  
   Quick Order
	 

 

 Help
	 


















Sign In
/ Register

















 


















What can we help you find?
















Suggested keywords menu








Suggested site content and search history menu




Current Order








		0
	

		$0.00
	












You have added


							
							






Your Cart
									
										(0 items)
									
										
											Subtotal: $0.00
										



Proceed to Checkout



Continue Shopping



 
 
 
 
 
 
 




















					Suggested site content and search history menu
				















Homeowners
\

Color\
Find & Explore Colors\

Explore All Paint Colors\
Garret Gray













































Show your #SWCOLORLOVE so that we can share it with the world.

				Tag your most inspiring and colorful Twitter and Instagram posts with #SWCOLORLOVE or upload a photo.
			
Terms of Use














Upload a Photo
						


















Color of the Month. Get Inspired with Rosy Outlook.
Watch the Video








Store Locator
Find a local Sherwin-Williams store nearest you.
Find Your Sherwin-Williams



    Connect with Color on Facebook Join the Conversation  
     See Your Home in Full Color Launch ColorSnap® Visualizer for Web  





















Closest Stores
My Favorite Stores
Find a Store











You currently have no favorite stores.










					  			Enter ZIP code or city and state
					  		




						or
					



					  			Enter store number
					  		

Store number must be four digits (ex: 1234)




Search



















 































William Garrett Gray (c.1813 - 1883)  - Genealogy


























Please wait.
loading...





 















 























               People
               


              Projects
              


              Discussions
              


              Surnames
              










Log In 





Email:



Password:



Log In

Don't know your password?


Log In with Facebook





Join - It's Free










Home
People
Projects
Genealogy


DNA Tests











    Geni requires JavaScript! Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use this part of Geni.
  






Join the world's largest family tree




Gender


Male

Female



First Name





Last Name





Email




                never shared, never spammed
              





Start My Family Tree!
          or Cancel
















William Garrett Gray


‹ Back to Gray surname







Is your surname Gray?

      Research the Gray family
    

Start your family tree now





William Garrett Gray's Geni Profile





Contact profile manager



View family tree






Share your family tree and photos with the people you know and love



        Build your family tree online      

        Share photos and videos      

        Smart Matching™ technology      

Free! 


Get Started





Share












Tweet This



















William Garrett Gray


Birthdate:

circa November 17, 1813
                (69)
              


Birthplace:

Caldwell County, Kentucky, United States












Death:


    September 14, 1883
  
  
  (65-73)


  
  Lyon County, Kentucky, United States









Place of Burial:
Eddyville, Lyon County, Kentucky, United States



                Immediate Family:
              

Son of Isaac Gray and Virginia Jane Gray 
Husband of Margaret Jane Gray and Sarah Frances Gray 
Father of Isaac Mason Gray; Jane Clarinda Murray; William Garrett Gray, Jr; John Marlin Gray; Nathan Oliver Gray and 4 others; James Lamont Gray; Lucian Anderson Gray; Lee Gray and Edward Gray « less 
Brother of Martha Amanda McWaters; Susannah P. Axley; Nathan Oliver Gray; Mildred J. Baker; William Calvin Gray and 1 other;  and Lydi G. Adams « less 




Occupation:
Farmer





Managed by:


Eugene Thomas



Last Updated:

January 6, 2016




View Complete Profile








                  
            Historical records matching William Garrett Gray
          
              


















William Gray in FamilySearch Family Tree              











William Gray



Collection:
FamilySearch Family Tree 


Wife: 
Margaret Gray  






      View the Record
    









William Gray in England Marriages, 1538–1973              











William Gray



Collection:
England Marriages, 1538–1973 


Marriage: 
Sep 3 1839 - Saint Nicholas, Liverpool, Lancashire, England  


Wife: 
Margaret Gray  






      View the Record
    
















view all 19
Immediate Family









Margaret Jane Gray
wife







Isaac Mason Gray
son







Jane Clarinda Murray
daughter







William Garrett Gray, Jr
son







John Marlin Gray
son







Nathan Oliver Gray
son







James Lamont Gray
son







Lucian Anderson Gray
son







Sarah Frances Gray
wife







Lee Gray
son







Edward Gray
son







Virginia Jane Gray
mother























































































About William Garrett Gray



Reference: MyHeritage Family Trees - SmartCopy: Jan 6 2016, 19:16:00 UTC







view all 14
William Garrett Gray's Timeline





    
      1813
    
  

November 17, 1813



Birth of William

Caldwell County, Kentucky, United States






    
      1840
    
  

March 10, 1840
Age 26



Birth of Isaac Mason Gray

Kentucky, United States






    
      1843
    
  

December 23, 1843
Age 30



Birth of William Garrett Gray, Jr

Kentucky, United States






    
      1845
    
  

March 6, 1845
Age 31



Birth of Jane Clarinda Murray

Kentucky, United States






    
      1847
    
  

April 5, 1847
Age 33



Birth of Nathan Oliver Gray

Kentucky, United States






    
      1849
    
  

September 1849
Age 35



Birth of John Marlin Gray

Kentucky, United States






    
      1856
    
  

1856
Age 42



Birth of Lucian Anderson Gray

Kentucky, United States






    
      1858
    
  

April 6, 1858
Age 44



Birth of James Lamont Gray

Lyon County, Kentucky, United States






    
      1863
    
  

1863
Age 49



Birth of Edward Gray

Kentucky, United States














Genealogy Directory:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z












      app004

© 2017 Geni.comAboutDirectorySurnameTermsPrivacyBlogWikiWorld Family TreeHelp

Follow UsBe a Fan




English (US)  
		
		    eesti  
		
		    Svenska  
		
		    Español (España)  
		
		    Français  
		
		    עברית  
		
		    Norsk (bokmål)  
		
		    dansk  
		
		    Nederlands  
		
		    Deutsch  
		
		
		
				
		      »















