


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Best life insurance plans and rates | LifePlans.com





























Call for a Quote 888­-882-5978








Compare the Top Online Life InsuranceCarriers in California 














Coverage as Low as $15 a Month!











Rates in less than 2 Minutes. 100% Free,Safe, and Secure!








Life Insurance Helps the Ones You Love with:

Mortgage Payments
College Tuition
Outstanding Debt
Monthly Income




The Lowest Rates and Best Coverage

LifePlans.com is dedicated to helping you find the best life insurance policy, while saving you as much money as possible! How do we do that? Simply put, our technology and relationships are what enable us to pass the savings onto you.
Life insurance companies are constantly calculating and updating rates based on the changing demographics of the US population. LifePlans.com is connected to the databases of the leading carriers to help you find the best deal while using the most up-to-date rates.
What’s better is that our service is 100% free, and super-fast! All you have to do is:


1. Confirm your zip code.
2. Tell us about yourself and your coverage needs.
3. See your custom-results and start comparing multiple quotes.


As you are shopping around, there are certain questions that you should ask yourself. The best one to start with is: “How much coverage do I need?”  To give you an idea, most people opt for a Term Policy with about $250,000 in coverage. Why this amount or any amount for that matter? The answer is that it all depends on how much debt you would need to payoff and how much income you would need to replace in the event you are no longer around to provide for your loved ones.
Another good question to ask yourself, or one of the several qualified agents LifePlans.com can connect you with, is how long do want to be covered and whether an investment component in your policy is right for you. Unlike a term policy, which as its name suggests has rates and coverage based on a set term or number of years, a Permanent Policy does not expire. Typically, Whole Life, the most common type of permanent insurance, not only serves to pay-out your beneficiaries upon your passing, but also has a current cash value that can be borrowed against or cashed-out anytime. Essentially,               permanent policies are investments and can grow in value whereas term policies do not.  The catch is that they often have higher premiums. You can learn more about life insurance and policy types by clicking on the icons below.
So with flexible policy options plus the best rates and coverage, don’t wait any longer. Secure your coverage now with LifePlans.com and get back to living your life with those who matter most!




Learn More
Get more information about life insurance and the different types of policies:







Life Insurance Overview






Life Insurance Calculator






 Term Life Insurance 






Final Expense





Universal Life Insurance





Whole Life Insurance





About Us

LifePlans.com is a marketplace connecting people with insurance companies and the agents/brokers of insurance companies. LifePlans.com does not provide quotes or sell insurance directly to consumers, is not affiliated with any exchange, and is not a licensed insurance agent or broker. Accordingly, you should not send us (via mail or email) any sensitive information, including personal health information or applications. Any such communications will not be treated as confidential and will be discarded.
The information presented on LifePlans.com is intended for general consumer knowledge. We do not provide advice on individual situations or legal issues.



Get Started!















*Disclaimer: All quotes and rates are for illustration purposes. Actual premiums and coverage will be based on age, gender, health history, certain underwriting criteria, state of residence, and tobacco usage. Certain policies may require a medical exam. Not all policies or companies are available in all states. Advertised products are for US residents only.









LifePlans.com | 
				
				Contact Us
				
				 | Terms of Use
				 | Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2013 - 2017 LifePlans.com, all rights reserved.


LifePlans.com, 2381 Rosecrans Ave, Suite 400,El Segundo, CA 90245 | info@LifePlans.com



 

    








 












Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 1, 2016

Our Practices Regarding Privacy
Healthplans.com LLC, through its LifePlans.com website (“Site”) is committed to ensuring the privacy and security of each user that visits our website. Your privacy rights are important to us and we are committed to respecting your online privacy and making sure that any information you share with us by using our website is properly protected.
We have established this LifePlans.com Privacy Policy so you know the importance we place on your privacy and so you can understand how we collect and use information collected from you when you visit our website or submit any personally identifiable information to us. This policy describes our overall privacy practices regarding information we collect on our web sites and through other Internet mediums. Our policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
Data We Collect
When you visit our website, we collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personally identifiable information through various sources.  PII means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to name, address, and telephone number.  Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, and age.
When you use the Site, we automatically collect certain information from you, such as your browser type (e.g., Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome); your Internet domain, (e.g., Comcast, Time Warner, etc.); your computer’s operating system, (e.g., Windows, Macintosh, UNIX, Linux); referring and exit page; operating system; the type of mobile device you use (if applicable); your mobile device’s unique device ID; and your IP address.  This information lets us see how users find our Site, and it tells us which pages users visit most frequently so we can make our Site more useful. We keep this information for an indefinite amount of time to improve the operation of our Site and to provide better services to our users.
In addition to the data that your browser or Internet session sends us automatically, we may also collect PII if you enter it when using our website. This contact information is stored on our servers and used to fulfill your information request. If you have not opted out of its use, we may share it with our data licensees, including our advertising clients and their vendors, and other advertising partners.
How We Use and Share Your Information
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:  (1) to fulfill your requests for information; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to review Site usage and operations; (4) to address problems with the Site, our business, or our services; (5) to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business; (6) to monitor the Site for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law; (7) to help improve our Site or services; and (8) to contact you with Site updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us and third party marketing offers from our trusted partners, as well as from other companies.
We may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties, who may contact you with their own offers; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your personal information with your express consent. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.
Third Parties Contacting You
Different advertisers and advertising companies have different methods of following up with you on information requests. Some send brochures in the mail, others reply via email or some may contact you by telephone. By using our service to request information from our advertising clients and advertising partners, you are giving permission to Healthplans.com LLC and these parties (or their partners and vendors) to contact you using the methods of their choice, even if the phone number you provide is in a corporate, state, or national do not call list, now or in the future (unless and until you opt-out from receiving communications from us or such partners, as applicable).  You are also providing your express consent to be called or texted (including prerecorded messages or using an autodialer or automated means) at the number you provide.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies (small files containing program code that reside on your computer), to provide usage statistics about our web site, and to understand where visitors learn about our web site. We also may use cookies to simplify the re-entering of your data. You can adjust your browser settings to opt out of the use of cookies by having your browser disable cookies. Look for the cookie options in your browser in the Options or Preferences menu.
Additionally, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device on the Site. This information, which may include the pages you visit on our or our partners’ sites, which web address you came from, the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, or an IP-based geographic location, helps us recognize you, customize your website experience and make marketing messages more relevant. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, hardware/software information) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals. However, we may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. To learn more about targeted ads or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website.
Opt-Out of Receiving Communications from LifePlans.com
You may opt out by contacting us by submitting a “Stop contacting me” request on our Contact Us page; calling us at (310) 219-6202; or sending a letter to: Healthplans.com LLC, 2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400, El Segundo, CA 90245.
Children’s Privacy
We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any PII from, any individuals less than thirteen years of age. If you are the parent or guardian and are made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII, please contact us.
Third Party Links
This Site may contain links that direct you to websites owned and operated by other companies. LifePlans.com does not control or endorse these websites, and we do not assume any responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites, which may use cookies and collect PII from you.  We recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external website before disclosing any PII.  Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
California Privacy Rights
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, we provide a method for consumers to “opt-out” of having their information shared with third-parties. Contact us using the methods described in the “Contact Us” section to unsubscribe.
Privacy Policy Changes
LifePlans.com may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Should we revise this Privacy Policy in the future, we will immediately publish the amended Privacy Policy on our website. We recommend that you check our website frequently to view recent changes or updates.
Contact Us
We invite you to contact us if you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or you want to change the personally identifiable information you have provided to us. You may contact us by:
Sending a letter to: Healthplans.com LLC, 2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400, El Segundo, CA 90245
Calling us at (310) 219-6202
Emailing us at: legal@healthplans.com
If we need, or are required to, contact you regarding your personal information, we may do so by telephone, email, or mail.


Terms Of Use 
Terms of Use
Effective Date: February 9, 2017
Please read these terms and conditions of use before using this site.
The LifePlans.com website (“LifePlans.com” or the “Site”) is owned and operated by Healthplans.com LLC (“Healthplans.com”). By using this Site, you signify your assent to these Terms of Use (“Terms” or “Agreement”). If you do not agree to all of these Terms, do not use this site.
BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY PART OF THE SITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE SO BOUND, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. THEY CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
Use of the Website
By using the Site, you represent to LifePlans.com that 1) you are authorized to enter into this Agreement and you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence; (2) you will not use the Site for any purpose or in any manner that violates any law or regulation or that infringes the rights of Healthplans.com or any third party; (3) any information or data provided to Healthplans.com by you will not violate any law or regulation or infringe the rights of Healthplans.com or any third party; (4) all information that you provide to us in connection with the Site (e.g., name, e-mail address, and other information) is true and accurate; and (5) you are authorized and able to fulfill and perform the obligations and meet the conditions of a user as specified herein. This Agreement provides to you a personal, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable license to use the Site conditioned on your continued compliance with the Terms of this Agreement. You may print and download materials and information from the Site solely for your personal use, provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices contained in such materials and information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not modify, translate, decompile, create derivative work(s) of, copy, distribute, disassemble, broadcast, transmit, publish, remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels, license, sublicense, transfer, sell, mirror, frame, exploit, rent, lease, private label, grant a security interest in, or otherwise use the Website in any manner not expressly permitted herein. Specifically, and by way of illustration and not limitation, you may not (a) separate and use any graphics, photographs, or other audio, visual, or video elements from the accompanying text or material without the prior express written permission of Healthplans.com and/or its licensor(s); (b) use any “deep link,” “page scrape,” “robot,” “spider,” or other device, program, script, algorithm, or methodology to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Site or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure of the Site to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site; (c) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site; (d) use any device, software, or routine to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction conducted on the Site; (e) forge headers, impersonate a person, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise your identity or the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Healthplans.com on or through the Site; (f) use the Site to harvest or collect e-mail addresses or other contact information; or (g) use the Site in a manner that could damage, disparage, or otherwise negatively impact Healthplans.com. The licenses granted by Healthplans.com terminate if you do not comply with these Terms.
The material, images, and text on the Site (“Content”) is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with LifePlans.com or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of this Agreement and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of LifePlans.com. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to LifePlans.com and its licensors. If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding personal information provided by you, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties
The use of the Site and the Content is at your own risk. When using the Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of LifePlans.com and its suppliers. Accordingly, LifePlans.com assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site. The Site and the content are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and may include errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies. MOREOVER, Healthplans.com MAY MAKE MODIFICATIONS ANY/OR CHANGES ON THIS SITE OR IN THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON. Healthplans.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES, OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, LEGALITY, OR ACCURACY OF THE Healthplans.com SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Healthplans.com DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Healthplans.com DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SITE, Healthplans.com’S SERVERS, OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM Healthplans.com ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Healthplans.com ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE, OR WARRANTY THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR IN AN UNINTERRUPTED FASHION.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall LifePlans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the Site or the Content, the delay or inability to use the Site, or from any information, Content, materials, or Healthplans.com services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Site, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and whether or not Healthplans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Healthplans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $100. Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site or any Content must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THESE TERMS TO THE CONTRARY, THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY IN NEW JERSEY.
User Submissions
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Site that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to the Site, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes. If you make any submission to the Site or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to LifePlans.com by email, you automatically grant-or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted Healthplans.com a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Site or to LifePlans.com by email.
Advertisements, Searches, and Links to Other Sites
LifePlans.com may provide links to third-party websites. LifePlans.com also may select certain websites as priority responses to search terms you enter and LifePlans.com may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. LifePlans.com does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. LifePlans.com is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Site, third-party websites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies for such websites.
Electronic Communications
When you use the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on or through the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Governing Law
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Arbitration
All disputes arising out of or relating to any purchase you make with via this Site, any information you provide via the Site, these Terms (including the formation, performance or alleged breach), and your use of the Site will be exclusively resolved under confidential binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “AAA Rules”) then in effect at the time of the dispute. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. If you initiate arbitration, Healthplans.com will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee which may have been required under AAA Rules once you have notified Healthplans.com in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration proceedings. However, if Healthplans.com is the prevailing party in the arbitration, applicable law may allow the arbitrator to award attorneys’ fees and costs to Healthplans.com. If for any reason the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum. The arbitration will be conducted in the city of Los Angeles, California, but may proceed telephonically if the claimant so chooses.
The arbitrator’s award will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these Terms may be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will have the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in state or federal court located to enforce these Terms or prevent an infringement of a third party’s rights. In the event equitable relief is sought, each party hereby irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of such court.
Waiver of Class Action Rights
ANY DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE VIA THE SITE, THESE TERMS (INCLUDING THEIR FORMATION, PERFORMANCE OR ALLEGED BREACH), AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE SUBMITTED INDIVIDUALLY BY YOU, AND SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE STATUS. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS or participate as a member of a class of claimants with respect to any claim submitted to arbitration. The parties to this arbitration agreement acknowledge that this class action waiver is material and essential to the arbitration of any disputes between the parties and is nonseverable from the agreement to arbitrate claims. If any portion of this class action waiver is limited, voided, or cannot be enforced, then the parties’ agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER, YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST Healthplans.com IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU WOULD HAVE HAD A RIGHT TO LITIGATE THROUGH A COURT, TO HAVE A JUDGE OR JURY DECIDE YOUR CASE AND TO BE PARTY TO A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. HOWEVER, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS DECIDED INDIVIDUALLY AND ONLY THROUGH ARBITRATION.
You shall have thirty (30) days from the date that you submit your personally identifiable information to opt-out of this arbitration agreement. To opt out of arbitration you must email us at legal@healthplans.com. If more than thirty (30) days have passed, you are not eligible to opt out of arbitration.
Notice and Take Down Procedures; Copyright Agent
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting LifePlans.com’s copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
A description, in reasonable detail (including the applicable URL) of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please provide us with enough information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained-of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under the penalty of perjury, that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Please send this notice to:
Attn: LifePlans.com Legal
2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400
El Segundo, California 90245
Email: legal@healthplans.com
Complete Agreement
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the Site or via e-mail from Healthplans.com LLC or LifePlans.com, this Agreement and the LifePlans.com Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and LifePlans.com with respect to the use of the Site and Content.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Contact Us
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted through our Contact Us page.

© 2017 LifePlans.com All rights reserved



    //www.lifeplans.com/ lifeplans.com LifePlans.com 2017






























New Low Rates - SBLI





















































 
 























Get A Quote







Announcing New LOWER Rates and Our Simplest Process!


Get a Quote Now
Or call 1-888-630-5000
Making Life Better

At SBLI, we understand that buying life insurance isn’t the most exciting thing in the world. But that doesn’t stop us from working hard every day to make getting it simpler, more affordable, and as hassle-free as possible.
It’s just another way we’re making life better — just like we have been since 1907.


 Biggest Savings



Get more.
Save more.
You’ll save even more on policies with greater than $500K in coverage. Check out just how much you could save on a one million dollar term policy.1




Company
Monthly Rate
SBLI Savings2




SBLI3
$38.71
—


Nationwide3
$42.28
+ $857


MassMutual3
$43.94
+ $1,255


Transamerica3
$49.02
+ $2,474





Comparison for male, age 35 for 20 years term life insurance.




 Simplest Process


Hassle-free and 2x faster!

If you have a family, you don’t need us to tell you how busy life can get. That’s why we’ve created a No-Hassle application for term life insurance coverage of $500,000 or less. We’ve stripped away a lot of the extra fuss and scheduling required by most other carriers.
In fact, most of our No-Hassle policies are issued in 15 days or less — that’s 2 times faster than the industry average!1








“SBLI made the process easy and quick and their customer service was wonderful. I would definitely recommend them.”



~ Alex,
Camden, Arkansas




See what our customers are saying
Because we work so hard to take the hassle out of buying life insurance, we tend to hear things like this from our customers:

 

Trustpilot

 

Choosing your coverage amount

How much coverage do you need?

Too little and you’ll want more later. Too much and you’re overpaying. Fortunately, you can find out how much coverage you need to fully protect your loved ones in seconds.



Employer-paid coverage may not be enough
Most employee life insurance only offers 1-2 years of salary. But two years will go by faster than you think. Plus, that coverage lapses as soon as you change jobs. So protect your family on your terms with your own life insurance policy.

Be sure to think ahead
Do you know how much your financial obligations may increase over time? Once you factor in child care, mortgages, college expenses, healthcare costs, debt and inflation, what you need today may not necessarily be what your family will need tomorrow. So when considering coverage amount, be sure to think ahead.

 
 




1More than half of all SBLI guaranteed level premium term life insurance applications, completed using our Accelerated Underwriting process, are issued in 15 days or less. According to the LOMA (Life Office Management Association) 2013 Individual Life STTA Report, the national average to issue a term life insurance policy is 30.1 days.



 

 
   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy

















Scroll to top




































Term Life Insurance and Whole Life Insurance Comparison

































































 
 























Get A Quote






Term Life vs. Whole Life


What kind of life insurance do I need?

Term life insurance provides coverage for a certain period of time. The term—the length of time which your premiums remain the same—is typically chosen based on the number of years your family would be vulnerable if you were no longer there to provide for them. Whether it’s during your working years, your kids’ college years, or the length of your mortgage, you buy a term policy for a specific period of time.
Whole life provides lifelong protection and includes a guaranteed cash value which accumulates tax-advantaged over time. You can borrow from the guaranteed cash value for any reason you choose, including paying for your kids’ tuition or as a supplemental source of retirement income for you and your spouse.

Differences at a glance
Term Life Insurance

Term choices of 10, 15, 20, 25, or 30 years
Very affordable premiums
Premiums never change during entire term selected
Option to convert to a permanent policy

Learn More
Whole Life Insurance

Coverage for life
Premiums can be paid for limited time or for the life of the policy
Premiums never change
Policy has a cash value
Eligible for dividends
Cash value grows tax-advantaged
Can borrow against the cash value for any reason

Learn More

Sometimes, having both term and whole life is best for you and your loved ones. To discuss the best option for your unique situation, schedule a talk with one of our experienced life insurance professionals.
For more information on tailoring a policy to fit your unique needs, learn about policy riders.


   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy






    Changing your address       Riders  








Scroll to top




































Term Life Insurance Coverage Estimator

















































































Get A Quote










 

Get a free estimate.
Learn your term coverage needs in seconds.

Annual Income?**Annual Income?*Under $20,000$20,000 - $30,000$30,000 - $40,000$40,000 - $50,000$50,000 - $75,000$75,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $150,000$150,000 or moreCoverage Length?**Coverage Length?*1015202530Assets?**Assets?*None$1,000-$10,000$10,000-$25,000$25,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000-$150,000$200,000-$250,000$300,000-$350,000$400,000-$450,000Existing Life Insurance?**Existing Life Insurance?*None$25,000-$50,000$50,000-$75,000$75,000-$100,000$100,000-$200,000$200,000-$300,000$300,000-$400,000$400,000-$500,000$500,000 or more

 











 



*Asterisk defines required field.
 By continuing, I agree to the Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions.




Get the coverage you need and nothing more.


  










Scroll to top




































Answers to Common Questions about Life Insurance

































































 
 























Get A Quote






Learn the Basics
Get answers to common questions with SBLI’s Life Insurance Basics.



We understand. Life insurance can be intimidating at first. That’s why getting it from SBLI is important. We make the process easy and explain things simply. See for yourself below with our life insurance basics.



What kind of insurance do I need?
Whole or Term Life?

The kind of life insurance you need depends on your unique situation. Term Life insurance may be right if you only need coverage for a specified amount of time–as long as your kids are still at home or while you have a mortgage, for instance. Whole life, with generally higher premiums, fulfills a longer-term insurance need and offers a cash value from which you can borrow for any reason you choose. Many consider purchasing some of both to get the best of both worlds.
Term Life Insurance
Term life protects your beneficiaries for the length of the policy. With SBLI’s guaranteed level premium term life, your premium is guaranteed never to change over that period. You pay your premiums and we agree to pay your family the value of the policy in the case of your death while the policy is in force.

Term length choices of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years
Very affordable
Payments never change during the entire period you select
Choice of two policy add-ons (“riders”)
Accelerated Death Benefit rider is included at no premium charge

Learn More

Whole Life Insurance
Whole life insurance offers coverage for your entire life. While premiums are generally higher, you can borrow from the policy’s cash value while you’re alive for any reason you choose, including for your kids’ tuition and extra retirement income. SBLI’s whole life products are eligible for dividends as well.

Coverage for life
Premiums never increase
Policy has a guaranteed cash value
Grows tax-advantaged over time
Can borrow against value of policy
Eligible for dividends
Choice of up to 7 policy add-ons (“riders”)
Accelerated Death Benefit rider is included at no premium charge

Learn More

Have questions about term or whole life? Speak to one of our insurance professionals now.
Call Us: 1.888.630.5000 



How Much Is Enough?
When considering how much coverage you need, it is important to keep in mind both your current and future financial obligations.
Consider how much money it would take to replace your annual income, pay the mortgage, and cover car payments and credit debt. Getting the right term life insurance policy can meet these and other needs if you pass away unexpectedly.
You should also consider your financial needs if you do not pass away unexpectedly. For example, you may want a source of supplemental retirement income or additional funds to pay your kids’ tuitions. Whole life insurance can help do that, thanks to its guaranteed cash value from which you can borrow for any reason.
Try our free Coverage Estimator for a personalized term coverage amount.


What does it cost?
Life insurance varies depending on your age, health, gender, and the type of policy you choose. The one thing most policies have in common is that most people overestimate their cost.
For a fast, easy way to get an idea of how much your policy will cost, try our quick quote tool.


What’s the process?
Step 1: Contact us
We can get you a free, no-obligation term life quote and answer any question you may have. You can also get your own term life quote on our site and we will follow up with you. For a whole life quote, please call us or schedule a talk.
1.888.630.5000  |  Schedule a Talk  |   Get a Quote
Step 2: Application
After you contact us, we will send you your application and help you complete it. While you’re completing the application, we will contact our paramedical exam partner.
Step 3: Medical Exam (when applicable)
Our exam partner will call you to schedule a brief, no-cost medical exam in your home or another location of your choosing. Your application will need to be completed before your medical exam.
Step 4: Underwriting
Once we receive your exam results and completed application, your application will be thoroughly reviewed. Then we will begin the underwriting process and make a final decision on your application and your rate class.
Step 5: Policy issued
If your application is approved, we’ll send your policy and a choice of convenient payment options. Your policy will be in effect upon your first premium payment.
If you have questions about the application process or any of our life insurance basics, give us a call.
1.888.630.5000



   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy






     Whole Life for Children  








Scroll to top










Web - Great West Life Assurance Co





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Great West Life Assurance Co



great west assurance company


great west life canada claims


great west financial life insurance


great west life assurance address


great west life insurance usa


great west life wiki


great west financial group


great west family legacy
 





Ads


 


News Results



A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its Subsidiaries

Business Wire via Yahoo Finance, 7/21/2017
... (London, Ontario), The Canada Life Assurance Company (CLAC) (Toronto, Ontario), Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) (Greenwood Village, CO) and Great-West Life & Annuity…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Great-West Life Insurance for Personal, Group & Benefits ...


www.greatwestlife.com/

Great-West Life is a leader in the group retirement and benefits marketplace in Canada. With experts around the country, we are helping thousands of organizations ...



The Great-West Life Assurance Company - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/…Great-West_Life_Assurance_Company

The Great-West Life Assurance Company (also Great-West Life, French: La Great-West, compagnie d'assurance-vie) is a life insurance company. Its headquarters are in ...



Great-West Lifeco - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great-West_Lifeco

It has been suggested that The Great-West Life Assurance Company be merged into this article. Proposed since February 2015. Great-West Lifeco Inc. Type.



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $140,000 Position in ...


www.baseball-news-blog.com/…7/19/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can maintained its stake in shares of TFS Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:TFSL) during the first quarter, according to its most ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Position in LPL ...


www.baseball-news-blog.com/…7/16/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can held its stake in LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LPLA) during the first quarter, according to its most recent ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $109,000 Stake in ...


www.chaffeybreeze.com/…great-west-life-assurance...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can maintained its position in shares of Dynegy Inc. (NYSE:DYN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with ...



Great West Life Group Retirement Services - GRS Access


ssl.grsaccess.com/public/en/home.aspx

GRS Access is your one stop for group retirement services from Great-West Life, ... manage your group retirement and ... The Great-West Life Assurance Company, ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Stake in Colfax ...


www.thestockobserver.com/…/07/14/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can continued to hold its position in Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent ...



How can we help you? by Great-West Life in Canada


www.greatwestlife.com/…d-your-family/need-help.html

GroupNet for Plan Members Health insurance & benefits; GRS Access Group retirement; Qtrade Investor Trades and investments; Personal Investments Personal investment ...



Great-West Life GroupNet for Plan Members


groupnet.greatwestlife.com/…signin/login.public?...

Join the more than one million plan members who have already signed up. You'll enjoy 24/7 access to benefits details and services, and you'll be going greener!



Our companies - Great-West Lifeco Inc.


www.greatwestlifeco.com/…ho-we-are/our-company.html

The Great-West Life Assurance Company Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC. . . . ... > Our companies. Our companies. Our companies; Great-West Life;



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in ...


www.chaffeybreeze.com/…great-west-life-assurance...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in shares of AngioDynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANGO) by 6.6% during the first quarter, according to its most ...



Great-West Financial


www.greatwest.com/

Great-West Financial ® and Great-West ... Empower Retirement refers to the retirement products and services offered by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company ...





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us



























﻿

























Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $434,000 Stake in Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Graphic Packaging Holding Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Graphic Packaging Holding Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Turquoise Hill Resources (TRQ) vs. BHP Billiton Limited (NYSE:BHP) Financial Comparison
Reviewing Coty (COTY) & Inter Parfums (IPAR)
$1.34 Billion in Sales Expected for Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) This Quarter
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub
$27.70 Million in Sales Expected for USD Partners LP (USDP) This Quarter
BidaskClub Downgrades Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) to Strong Sell
Axa SA (NASDAQ:AXAHY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Dunelm Group plc (DNLM)
CDK Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDK) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:BCRH) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Liberum Capital Reaffirms Sell Rating for Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT)
Head to Head Contrast: Mitcham Industries (NASDAQ:MIND) versus Digital Ally (DGLY)
Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $122.45 Million
Harley-Davidson (NYSE:HOG) and Arctic Cat (ACAT) Critical Comparison
eHealth (EHTH) and Aon PLC (AON) Critical Comparison
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $22.17 Billion
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Goodrich Petroleum Corp (GDP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $10.50 Million
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $764,000 Stake in Encore Capital Group Inc (ECPG)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Position in Hanmi Financial Corporation (HAFC)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $732,000 Stake in Haemonetics Corporation (HAE)


 


Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $434,000 Stake in Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can continued to hold its position in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 33,796 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can’s holdings in Graphic Packaging Holding were worth $434,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of GPK. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in Graphic Packaging Holding by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 28,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $352,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Graphic Packaging Holding by 14.4% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 10,729 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 1,348 shares in the last quarter. National Investment Services Inc. WI raised its position in Graphic Packaging Holding by 31.7% in the first quarter. National Investment Services Inc. WI now owns 13,426 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 3,229 shares in the last quarter. Wright Investors Service Inc. raised its position in Graphic Packaging Holding by 7.1% in the first quarter. Wright Investors Service Inc. now owns 59,295 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $763,000 after buying an additional 3,915 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in Graphic Packaging Holding by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 516,856 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $6,450,000 after buying an additional 5,550 shares in the last quarter. 95.43% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Graphic Packaging Holding Company alerts:



Shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) opened at 13.83 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.24 and a beta of 1.15. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $13.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.26. Graphic Packaging Holding Company has a 12 month low of $12.00 and a 12 month high of $14.70. 




Graphic Packaging Holding (NYSE:GPK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.14 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.04 billion. Graphic Packaging Holding had a return on equity of 19.53% and a net margin of 4.80%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.20 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Graphic Packaging Holding Company will post $0.71 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were paid a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.17%. Graphic Packaging Holding’s payout ratio is 46.15%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $434,000 Stake in Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-has-434000-position-in-graphic-packaging-holding-company-gpk-updated-updated.html. 
GPK has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Graphic Packaging Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price objective on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.50 price objective on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a report on Friday, June 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $15.76.
In related news, Director G Andrea Botta sold 10,982 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.45, for a total transaction of $147,707.90. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 1.02% of the company’s stock. 
About Graphic Packaging Holding
Graphic Packaging Holding Company is a provider of paper-based packaging solutions for a range of products to food, beverage and other consumer product companies. The Company’s segments include Paperboard Mills, Americas Paperboard Packaging, Europe Paperboard Packaging, and Corporate and Other. The Paperboard Mills segment includes the Company’s North American paperboard mills, which produce primarily coated unbleached kraft and coated recycled board. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





















































Great-West Life Insurance for Personal, Group & Benefits in Canada























Skip to main content



















A plan tailored for you
Our insurance solutions can build on what you already have through work, helping you achieve your goals and protect your loved ones.






                    
                    Learn more
                    
                    
                





















Sign up once, benefit any time


Access to your benefits information is easy with GroupNet. Once registered, you’ll be able to submit claims online, sign up for direct deposit, view coverage information and visit our Health & Wellness Site. Learn more



                            Sign in to GroupNet for Plan Members
                        

                            Register for GroupNet for Plan Members
                        


Download our free mobile app

















Helping you invest in the future

We can help you reach your goals – whether that’s paying for post-secondary education, buying a home or retiring with confidence. 


Learn more






Protection for your life

Protect you and your family from the unexpected with our wide range of insurance products and services, offering you flexible solutions to match your needs and budget. 


Learn more







Talk to an expert
 
Not feeling confident in your finances? You can talk to one of our financial security advisors who will work with you to craft a financial plan tailored to your needs.

Contact an advisor





News and highlights





                    July 13, 2017
                

Great-West Life contributing $25,000 to help those impacted by wildfires in B.C.




                    June 7, 2017
                

Canada Life supporting Williams Racing and Canadian driver Lance Stroll




                    June 5, 2017
                

National Standard tops Centre’s impact on workplace mental health since 2007




                    May 19, 2017
                

Great-West Lifeco subsidiary announces acquisition of Financial Horizons Group –  The leading MGA in the Canadian market









Our story


Great-West Life is a leader in the group retirement and benefits marketplace in Canada. With experts around the country, we are helping thousands of organizations keep their employees healthy and prepared for retirement.



                            Join our team
                        

                            Learn more
                        

























﻿






























Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Stake in Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Colfax Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Colfax Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Ryanair Holdings PLC (RYAAY) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein
Berenberg Bank Raises Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Price Target to GBX 800
Credit Suisse Group Analysts Give Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) a GBX 2,500 Price Target
Centrica PLC (CNA) Upgraded to Neutral at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Fuchs Petrolub SE (FPE) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG
Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH) COO Sells $1,056,160.00 in Stock
Zacks: RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages
Delta Apparel, Inc. (NYSEMKT:DLA) Director A Alexander Taylor II Purchases 1,000 Shares
Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Insider Mark B. Dunkerley Sells 3,000 Shares
Cowen and Company Initiates Coverage on CryoPort, Inc. (CYRX)
Deutsche Bank AG Boosts Admiral Group plc (ADM) Price Target to GBX 1,845
Marston's PLC (MARS) Given New GBX 135 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG
Flowtech Fluidpower PLC (FLO) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap
Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Shares Sold by Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC
RBF Capital LLC Has $4.86 Million Position in Tesoro Corporation (TSO)
UBS Oconnor LLC Has $11 Million Position in Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN)
Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 19,705 Shares of Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:NSIT)
Tower Research Capital LLC TRC Purchases 67,660 Shares of Eldorado Gold Corporation (NYSE:EGO)
Convergys Corporation (NYSE:CVG) Shares Bought by Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC



 


Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Stake in Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 14th, 2017 // No Comments 



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can continued to hold its position in  Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 9,296 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can’s holdings in Colfax Corporation were worth $364,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in  Colfax Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $256,000.  State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its position in  Colfax Corporation by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 134,522 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,833,000 after buying an additional 643 shares during the period.  State Street Corp boosted its position in  Colfax Corporation by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,236,202 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $44,418,000 after buying an additional 17,000 shares during the period.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in  Colfax Corporation by 21.5% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,358,275 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $84,734,000 after buying an additional 416,548 shares during the period.  Finally, FMR LLC boosted its position in  Colfax Corporation by 90.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,194,850 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $114,791,000 after buying an additional 1,519,070 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  77.15% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Colfax Corporation alerts:



Shares of Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) opened at 40.14 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $4.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.31 and a beta of 1.37. The company has a 50 day moving average of $39.73 and a 200 day moving average of $38.95. Colfax Corporation has a 12 month low of $27.19 and a 12 month high of $41.99. 




Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The industrial products company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $845 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $820.23 million. Colfax Corporation had a net margin of 3.98% and a return on equity of 6.29%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.30 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  Colfax Corporation will post $1.72 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Stake in Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX)” was first  posted by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/14/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-has-364000-stake-in-colfax-corporation-cfx-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have recently issued reports on CFX shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Colfax Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of Colfax Corporation in a report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC increased their price objective on shares of Colfax Corporation from $38.00 to $39.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Colfax Corporation in a report on Sunday, May 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird raised their target price on shares of Colfax Corporation from $47.00 to $48.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the company. Colfax Corporation  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $42.29.
In related news, SVP A. Lynne Puckett sold 10,882 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.14, for a total transaction of $436,803.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 40,907 shares in the company, valued at $1,642,006.98. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 11,547 shares of company stock valued at $463,265. Corporate insiders own  10.60% of the company’s stock. 
Colfax Corporation Company Profile
Colfax Corporation is an industrial manufacturing and engineering company. The Company provides gas and fluid handling and fabrication technology products and services to customers around the world. The Company’s segments include Gas and Fluid Handling, and Fabrication Technology. The Gas and Fluid Handling segment supplies a range of gas and fluid handling products, including heavy-duty centrifugal and axial fans, rotary heat exchangers, gas compressors, pumps and certain related products, as well as aftermarket and lubrication-related services, which serves customers in the power generation, oil, gas and petrochemical, mining, marine (including defense) and general industrial and other end markets.







Receive News & Ratings for Colfax Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Colfax Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Amgen Inc.  Upgraded at BidaskClub





Berenberg Bank Raises Udg Healthcare PLC  Price Target to GBX 800





Ryanair Holdings PLC  Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein





Credit Suisse Group Analysts Give Royal Dutch Shell Plc  a GBX 2,500 Price Target





Centrica PLC  Upgraded to Neutral at J P Morgan Chase & Co





Fuchs Petrolub SE  Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿
































Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Alamo Group Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alamo Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

SpiderRock Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP)
266,375 Shares in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp
Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. Reduces Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) Receives $33.50 Average PT from Analysts
Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)
Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Lowers Position in American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL)
Gabelli Comments on Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:ACBI)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG) Lowered by Analyst
Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (SMG) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.53 Per Share
Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Expected to Post Earnings of $3.60 Per Share
Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Sells 3,677 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
Security National Trust Co. Acquires 1,361 Shares of QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM)
Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Alexandria Capital LLC
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates $108.00 Price Target for Time Warner Inc. (TWX)
The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated (CAKE) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Lowered by GW Henssler & Associates Ltd.
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.’s (CBI) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $624,000 Position in Corporate Office Properties Trust (NYSE:OFC)
Insider Selling: Centamin PLC (LON:CEY) Insider Sells 5,350,000 Shares of Stock
Strs Ohio Buys 64,820 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)




 


Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 15th, 2017 // No Comments 




Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in  Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 12,474 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 523 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can owned 0.11% of Alamo Group worth $950,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Strs Ohio purchased a new stake in  Alamo Group during the first quarter valued at $251,000.  First Manhattan Co. raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 50.6% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 152,240 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $10,031,000 after buying an additional 51,177 shares during the last quarter.  GW&K Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 5.1% in the first quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 238,482 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $18,170,000 after buying an additional 11,594 shares during the last quarter.  Westwood Holdings Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 93,896 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,145,000 after buying an additional 3,625 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 5,090 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $387,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the last quarter. 89.99% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Alamo Group Inc. alerts:



The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Monday, July 17th will be paid a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.43%. Alamo Group’s payout ratio is 10.64%. 




TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)” was first  reported by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/15/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-raises-position-in-alamo-group-inc-nysealg.html. 
ALG has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Alamo Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seaport Global Securities lifted their target price on shares of Alamo Group from $71.00 to $80.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, May 8th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Alamo Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Alamo Group in a research report on Friday.
In other Alamo Group news, VP Dan Edward Malone sold 900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.02, for a total transaction of $73,818.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 10,750 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $881,715. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director David W. Grzelak sold 2,201 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $92.18, for a total transaction of $202,888.18. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 1,325 shares in the company, valued at $122,138.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 39,235 shares of company stock worth $3,314,748. 3.99% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Alamo Group Company Profile
Alamo Group Inc is engaged in the design and manufacture of agricultural equipment and infrastructure maintenance equipment for governmental and industrial use. The Company operates in Industrial, Agricultural and European segments. The Company’s products include tractor-mounted mowing and other vegetation maintenance equipment, street sweepers, excavators, vacuum trucks, snow removal equipment, pothole patchers, zero turn radius mowers, agricultural implements and related aftermarket.







Receive News & Ratings for Alamo Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alamo Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































﻿
































Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Alamo Group Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alamo Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

SpiderRock Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP)
266,375 Shares in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp
Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. Reduces Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) Receives $33.50 Average PT from Analysts
Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)
Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Lowers Position in American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL)
Gabelli Comments on Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:ACBI)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG) Lowered by Analyst
Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (SMG) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.53 Per Share
Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Expected to Post Earnings of $3.60 Per Share
Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Sells 3,677 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
Security National Trust Co. Acquires 1,361 Shares of QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM)
Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Alexandria Capital LLC
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates $108.00 Price Target for Time Warner Inc. (TWX)
The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated (CAKE) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Lowered by GW Henssler & Associates Ltd.
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.’s (CBI) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $624,000 Position in Corporate Office Properties Trust (NYSE:OFC)
Insider Selling: Centamin PLC (LON:CEY) Insider Sells 5,350,000 Shares of Stock
Strs Ohio Buys 64,820 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)




 


Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 15th, 2017 // No Comments 




Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in  Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 12,474 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 523 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can owned 0.11% of Alamo Group worth $950,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Strs Ohio purchased a new stake in  Alamo Group during the first quarter valued at $251,000.  First Manhattan Co. raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 50.6% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 152,240 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $10,031,000 after buying an additional 51,177 shares during the last quarter.  GW&K Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 5.1% in the first quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 238,482 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $18,170,000 after buying an additional 11,594 shares during the last quarter.  Westwood Holdings Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 93,896 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,145,000 after buying an additional 3,625 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  Alamo Group by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 5,090 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $387,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the last quarter. 89.99% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Alamo Group Inc. alerts:



The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Monday, July 17th will be paid a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.43%. Alamo Group’s payout ratio is 10.64%. 




TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALG)” was first  reported by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/15/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-raises-position-in-alamo-group-inc-nysealg.html. 
ALG has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Alamo Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seaport Global Securities lifted their target price on shares of Alamo Group from $71.00 to $80.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, May 8th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Alamo Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Alamo Group in a research report on Friday.
In other Alamo Group news, VP Dan Edward Malone sold 900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.02, for a total transaction of $73,818.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 10,750 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $881,715. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director David W. Grzelak sold 2,201 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $92.18, for a total transaction of $202,888.18. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 1,325 shares in the company, valued at $122,138.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 39,235 shares of company stock worth $3,314,748. 3.99% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Alamo Group Company Profile
Alamo Group Inc is engaged in the design and manufacture of agricultural equipment and infrastructure maintenance equipment for governmental and industrial use. The Company operates in Industrial, Agricultural and European segments. The Company’s products include tractor-mounted mowing and other vegetation maintenance equipment, street sweepers, excavators, vacuum trucks, snow removal equipment, pothole patchers, zero turn radius mowers, agricultural implements and related aftermarket.







Receive News & Ratings for Alamo Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alamo Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





























































CA (NASDAQ:CA) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































CA Company Profile (NASDAQ:CA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About CA (NASDAQ:CA)
CA, Inc. (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services. Its Mainframe Solutions and Enterprise Solutions segments comprise the Company's software business organized by the nature of its software offerings and the platform on which the products operate. The Services segment comprises product implementation, consulting, customer education, customer training and application management services. CA's Mainframe Solutions segment consists of various product offerings, including Application Development, Databases and Database Management, Security & Compliance, and Systems and Operations Management. The Enterprise Solutions segment consists of various product offerings, including Agile Management, DevOps and Security. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Computer and Technology
Industry: Server & Database Software
Sub-Industry: Systems Software
Symbol: NASDAQ:CA
CUSIP: 12673P10
Web: www.ca.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $14.56998 billionOutstanding Shares: 417,813,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $33.50200 Day Moving Avg: $32.4652 Week Range: $30.01 - $36.54


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 18.72Foreward P/E Ratio: 15.19P/E Growth: 23.85Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $4.04 billionPrice / Sales: 3.58Book Value: $13.76 per sharePrice / Book: 2.52Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.02Dividend Yield: 3.0%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $1.26 billionNet Margins: 19.20%Return on Equity: 17.15%Return on Assets: 8.43%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.49%Current Ratio: 1.24%Quick Ratio: 1.24%Misc:Average Volume: 3.11 million shs.Beta: 0.87Short Ratio: 4.69

 


 

Frequently Asked Questions for CA (NASDAQ:CA)
What is CA's stock symbol?

CA trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "CA."



How often does CA pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for CA?

CA declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, May 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of $0.255 per share on Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $1.02 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.94%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 23rd.  View CA's Dividend History.



How were CA's earnings last quarter?

CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May, 11th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The business earned $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.59 million. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The firm's revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.60 earnings per share.  View CA's Earnings History.



When will CA make its next earnings announcement?

CA is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 2nd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for CA.



What guidance has CA issued on next quarter's earnings?

CA issued an update on its FY18 earnings guidance on Thursday, May, 11th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $2.35-2.40 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $2.46. The company issued revenue guidance of $4.12-4.17 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $4.04 billion.



Where is CA's stock going? Where will CA's stock price be in 2017?

15 brokerages have issued 1 year price objectives for CA's stock. Their forecasts range from $12.00 to $45.00. On average, they anticipate CA's share price to reach $34.85 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for CA.



What are analysts saying about CA stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about CA stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "CA is a leading information technology (IT) management software company. We are optimistic about CA’s acquisition strategy, which has enhanced its IT management, software and services portfolio. Moreover, we believe that the diversity of its products and the increased efficiency offered by them will attract customers across sectors, lending stability to its business model. Additionally, CA’s “go to market” sales strategy integrates the commercial functions of sales, marketing, brand management, pricing and consumer insight, which helps it in lowering costs, thereby improving the bottom line. Nonetheless, intensifying competition from peers, an uncertain economic environment, currency headwinds and the weak IT spending forecast by Gartner are other concerns. Notably, shares of the company has underperformed the broader market over the last one year period." (7/17/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "CA announced the acquisition of privately held Veracode for $614M in cash. Veracode provides SaaS-based application security for integration across the software development lifecycle. The deal value represents about 6.0-8.0x NTM revenue, which we view as reasonable, and discuss in more detail below. We believe providing security at the application level will become even more important over time given the ever increasing distributed nature of IT infrastructures." (3/7/2017)




Are investors shorting CA?

CA saw a decrease in short interest in June. As of June 30th, there was short interest totalling 11,768,105 shares,  a decrease of 16.3% from the June 15th total of 14,058,946 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 5,359,763 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 2.2 days. Approximately 3.7% of the company's stock are short sold. 



Who are some of CA's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to CA include Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE), Western Digital Corporation (WDC), Lam Research Corporation (LRCX), Wipro Limited (WIT), Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY), YAHOO JAPAN CP (YAHOY), Autodesk (ADSK), Dassault Systemes SA (DASTY), RELX PLC (RELX), Amphenol Corporation (APH), DXC Technology Company. (DXC), Fortive Corporation (FTV), Kyocera Corporation (KYO), TeliaSonera AB (TLSNY), Level 3 Communications (LVLT), Ericsson (ERIC), Hoya Corp. (HOCPY) and Sse Plc (SSEZY).



Who are CA's key executives?

CA's management team includes the folowing people: Arthur F. Weinbach, Independent Chairman of the BoardAyman Sayed, President, Chief Product OfficerMichael P. Gregoire, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorKieran J. McGrath, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAdam Elster, President, Global Field OperationsLauren Patricia Flaherty, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerMichael C. Bisignano, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryJacob Lamm, Executive Vice President - Strategy and Corporate DevelopmentPaul L. Pronsati, Executive Vice President - Global Operations and Information TechnologyJens Alder, Independent Director



Who owns CA stock?

CA's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd (0.64%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.61%), State Treasurer State of Michigan (0.20%), NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. (0.18%), Arvest Bank Trust Division (0.10%) and Bank of Montreal Can (0.09%). Company insiders that own CA stock include Adam Elster, Adrian Frederick Hobkirk, Ayman Sayed, Christopher Cherry, Holding Ag Careal, Jacob Lamm, Lauren Patricia Flaherty, Martin Haefner and Richard J Beckert. View Institutional Ownership Trends for CA.



Who sold CA stock? Who is selling CA stock?

CA's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Meeder Asset Management Inc., Bank of Montreal Can, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services, US Bancorp DE, Nisa Investment Advisors LLC, Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX and Forsta AP Fonden.  View Insider Buying and Selling for CA.



Who bought CA stock? Who is buying CA stock?

CA's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Arvest Bank Trust Division, APG Asset Management N.V., Denali Advisors LLC, Guinness Asset Management Ltd, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor DE Media PNO, National Pension Service and Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd.  View Insider Buying and Selling for CA.



How do I buy CA stock? 

Shares of CA can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is CA's stock price today?

One share of CA stock can currently be purchased for approximately $34.64.


MarketBeat Community Rating for CA (NASDAQ CA)Community Ranking:  2.0 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  268 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  394 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  662MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about CA and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for CA (NASDAQ:CA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Sell Ratings, 7 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.13)Consensus Price Target: $34.85 (0.62% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails6/28/2017Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingUnderperform$28.00Low6/28/2017Citigroup Inc.Boost Price TargetNeutral$34.00 -> $36.00Low6/22/2017Raymond James Financial, Inc.Reiterated RatingMarket PerformLow6/21/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$38.00Medium5/19/2017DA DavidsonReiterated RatingNeutral$12.00Low5/12/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingMarket PerformLow5/3/2017FIG PartnersUpgradeOutperform$40.00 -> $42.25Low4/17/2017Piper Jaffray CompaniesBoost Price TargetOverweight$42.00 -> $45.00Low3/3/2017Evercore ISIDowngradeHold -> UnderperformN/A1/29/2017Hovde GroupReiterated RatingOutperform$37.00 -> $39.00N/A1/25/2017Barclays PLCLower Price TargetEqual Weight$36.00 -> $35.00N/A1/11/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyInitiated CoverageUnderperformN/A11/30/2016Keefe, Bruyette & WoodsUpgradeMarket Perform -> Outperform$25.00 -> $32.00N/A11/17/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingHold$35.00N/A8/29/2016Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingHold$34.00N/A7/14/2016MizuhoDowngradeBuy -> Neutral$34.00N/A3/9/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> Hold$33.00N/A11/20/2015Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingUnderperform$28.00N/A11/19/2015Royal Bank Of CanadaBoost Price TargetSector Perform$30.00 -> $31.00N/A10/22/2015FBR & CoLower Price TargetMarket Perform$33.00 -> $29.00N/A(Data available from 7/21/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Earnings History by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ CA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/2/2017$0.55N/A5/11/2017Q4 17$0.49$0.54$996.59 million$1.01 billionViewN/A1/24/2017Q317$0.61$0.63$1.01 billion$1.01 billionViewN/A10/27/2016Q217$0.57$0.67$1,000.00 million$1.02 billionViewListen7/27/2016Q117$0.61$0.64$982.21 million$999.00 millionViewListen5/11/2016Q416$0.57$0.60$990.06 million$1.01 billionViewListen1/26/2016Q3$0.58$0.63$1,000.00 million$1.03 billionViewListen10/21/2015Q216$0.51$0.56$1.01 billion$1.01 billionViewListen7/23/2015Q116$0.62$0.64$990.13 million$977.00 millionViewListen5/7/2015Q415$0.50$0.56$1.04 billion$1.02 billionViewN/A1/20/2015Q315$0.56$0.67$1.09 billion$1.09 billionViewN/A10/22/2014Q2$0.62$0.65$1.09 billion$1.08 billionViewListen7/23/2014Q115$0.60$0.65$1.09 billion$1.07 billionViewListen5/15/2014Q414$0.58$0.61$1.09 billion$1.11 billionViewN/A1/29/2014Q4$0.14$0.10ViewN/A1/21/2014Q4$0.71$0.20$1.13 billion$1.16 billionViewListen10/24/2013Q214$0.73$0.86$1.11 billion$1.14 billionViewN/A7/24/2013Q1 2014$0.74$0.78$1.10 billion$1.13 billionViewN/A5/7/2013Q4 2013$0.55$0.68$1.14 billion$1.15 billionViewN/A1/22/2013Q3 2013$0.61$0.63$1.17 billion$1.20 billionViewN/A10/25/2012$0.59$0.59ViewN/A7/26/2012$0.61$0.63ViewN/A5/10/2012$0.51$0.56ViewN/A1/24/2012$0.54$0.65ViewN/A10/26/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A7/20/2011$0.51$0.55ViewN/A5/12/2011$0.50$0.48ViewN/A1/25/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.19 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.28 EPS


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Most Recent Dividend:6/13/2017Annual Dividend:$1.02Dividend Yield:2.94%Payout Ratio:55.14% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  46.58% (Based on This Year's Estimates)44.74% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Dividend History by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ CA)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date5/9/2017quarterly$0.263.18%5/23/20175/25/20176/13/20172/1/2017quarterly$0.263.25%2/14/20172/16/20173/14/201711/2/2016quarterly$0.263.32%11/15/201611/17/201612/6/20168/3/2016quarterly$0.263.02%8/23/20168/25/20169/13/20165/4/2016quarterly$0.263.47%5/24/20165/26/20166/14/20162/3/2016quarterly$0.253.55%2/16/20162/18/20163/15/201611/5/2015quarterly$0.253.65%11/17/201511/19/201512/8/20158/6/2015quarterly$0.258/27/20159/15/20158/6/2015quarterly$0.253.44%8/25/20158/27/20159/15/20155/5/2015quarterly$0.253.18%5/26/20155/28/20156/16/20152/5/2015quarterly$0.253.12%2/17/20152/19/20153/17/201511/6/2014quarterly$0.253.33%11/18/201411/20/201412/9/20147/31/2014quarterly$0.253.51%8/19/20148/21/20149/9/20145/15/2014quarterly$0.253.44%5/27/20145/29/20146/17/20142/5/2014quarterly$0.253.16%2/18/20142/20/20143/18/201411/6/2013quarterly$0.253.16%11/19/201311/21/201312/10/20138/1/2013quarterly$0.253.29%8/20/20138/22/20139/10/20135/9/2013quarterly$0.253.67%5/21/20135/23/20136/11/20132/7/2013quarterly$0.254%2/19/20132/21/20133/19/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.90%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 70.62%Insider Trades by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/21/2017Ayman SayedInsiderSell30,194$35.62$1,075,510.28  5/16/2017Ayman SayedInsiderSell674$31.70$21,365.80  6/9/2016Lauren Patricia FlahertyCMOSell182,550$32.76$5,980,338.00  6/3/2016Adam ElsterEVPSell125,513$32.45$4,072,896.85  5/31/2016Martin HaefnerMajor ShareholderSell23,200$37.02$858,864.00  5/27/2016Jacob LammEVPSell98,401$32.04$3,152,768.04  12/3/2015Adam ElsterEVPSell11,845$28.50$337,582.50  11/20/2015Holding Ag CarealMajor ShareholderSell22,000,000$26.56$584,320,000.00  10/29/2015Christopher CherryDirectorSell452,000$0.05$22,600.0010/9/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy2,000$0.04$82.2010/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy10,000$0.04$400.009/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$325.008/21/2015Richard J. BeckertCFOSell70,402$28.49$2,005,752.98  7/22/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy1,000$0.06$63.006/30/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy3,000$0.12$360.006/25/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy2,000$0.07$140.006/16/2015Jacob LammEVPSell5,595$29.80$166,731.00  4/15/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$350.004/14/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy1,000$0.08$80.004/13/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$325.004/10/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy10,000$0.06$600.004/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy3,000$0.08$240.003/31/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.06$300.002/18/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.06$300.002/14/2014Neil MannaCAOSell2,000$32.95$65,900.00  1/28/2014Jacob LammEVPSell6,577$32.24$212,042.48  1/23/2014Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell90,822$33.67$3,057,976.74  12/16/2013Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell9,700$32.22$312,534.00  10/28/2013George J FischerEVPSell65,562$31.25$2,048,812.50  9/16/2013Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell10,812$30.62$331,063.44  8/19/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell1,738$30.45$52,922.10  8/8/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell60,929$30.72$1,871,738.88  8/2/2013George FischerEVPSell84,315$30.38$2,561,489.70  7/24/2013Jacob LammEVPSell18,800$30.02$564,376.00  6/25/2013Jacob LammEVPSell15,566$27.33$425,418.78  6/14/2013Jacob LammEVPSell8,181$28.47$232,913.07  6/7/2013Jacob LammEVPSell15,000$28.17$422,550.00  5/22/2013Jacob LammEVPSell20,098$27.44$551,489.12  5/20/2013Jacob LammEVPSell5,217$27.75$144,771.75  5/17/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell11,828$27.39$323,968.92  5/14/2013Jacob LammEVPSell77,225$27.15$2,096,658.75  5/13/2013George J FischerEVPSell5,479$26.80$146,837.20  5/10/2013George J FischerEVPSell11,750$27.00$317,250.00  9/4/2012Jacob LammEVPSell54,857$25.95$1,423,539.15  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for CA (NASDAQ:CA)


Latest Headlines for CA (NASDAQ:CA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineCan Rogers Communications Inc.’s Impressive Streak Continue?www.fool.ca - July 19 at 6:01 PMSeeman Holtz Property & Casualty, Inc. Continues Its Southern California Expansion with Another Acquisitionwww.prnewswire.com - July 19 at 6:01 PMGlobal Study Reveals 80 Percent of Businesses Missing Out on Full Benefits of Continuous Testingfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 6:01 PMForm 4 BANC OF CALIFORNIA, INC. For: Jul 14www.streetinsider.com - July 19 at 4:28 AMKona Gold Solutions, Inc. Becomes Vendor of Elliott’s Natural Foods in Californiawww.nasdaq.com - July 18 at 11:25 PMMedia Alert: CA Technologies to Host 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholdersfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 6:23 PMWhy Alphabet is getting ready to unleash millions of mosquitoes in Californiawww.bizjournals.com - July 17 at 5:16 PMCA Inc. (CA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 2:12 PMIs Bombardier, Inc. About to Miss Another Delivery?www.fool.ca - July 17 at 12:20 PMCA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interestwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 7:04 AMMedical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary Kannaway® Announces Exclusive Red Carpet Event in Orange County, CAwww.prnewswire.com - July 13 at 5:57 PMCA Technologies Announces a New Goal to Reduce GHG Emissions 40 Percent by 2030finance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 5:52 PMCalifornia Inc.: Disney confab to offer glimpse of new 'Star Wars' attractionwww.latimes.com - July 10 at 4:53 PMWhy Best Buy Co Inc (BBY), Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) and Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocksinvestorplace.com - July 10 at 4:48 PMWhy Canon Inc (ADR) (CAJ), RH (RH) and Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocksinvestorplace.com - July 7 at 5:05 PM$998.42 Million in Sales Expected for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 11:34 AMWhy Lassonde Industries Inc. Is My Top Idea for Julywww.fool.ca - July 6 at 6:09 PMWEISSLAW LLP: Staples Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of SPLS Shareholderswww.bizjournals.com - July 6 at 6:09 PMMedia Alert: CA Technologies Announces Conference Call and Webcast of First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 6:09 PMZacks: Brokerages Anticipate CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Will Post Earnings of $0.52 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 8:28 PMPenumbra, Inc. Promotes Daniel Davis to Chief Commercial Officerwww.bizjournals.com - July 5 at 5:37 PMRebateRealty.ca: A true One Stop Shop experiencewww.bizjournals.com - July 5 at 2:18 AMCalifornia Inc.: Hollywood hopes Spider-Man does whatever a spider canwww.latimes.com - July 3 at 4:55 PMETFs with exposure to CA, Inc. : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 4:55 PMBidaskClub Lowers CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 1 at 6:57 PMJULY 3 DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against KBR, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmwww.bizjournals.com - July 1 at 3:02 AMWhy Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Stock Is Plunging Todayinvestorplace.com - June 30 at 12:39 PMCA Inc. (CA) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:40 PMCA Inc. (CA) Earns Underperform Rating from Sanford C. Bernsteinwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 9:52 PMCA Technologies Recognized for Addressing Cloud, Container and DevOps Challengesfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 4:53 PMLamps Plus Launches Canadian E-Commerce Website – LampsPlus.cawww.businesswire.com - June 28 at 2:44 AMOncolytics Biotech® Inc. Opens U.S. Based Office in San Diegowww.bizjournals.com - June 27 at 4:21 PM4 Excellent Value Picks Based on PEG Ratio (UL, NEP, REGI, CAI)investorplace.com - June 27 at 9:49 AMCA Inc. (CA) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 9:26 AMCA's (CA) "Buy" Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 25 at 3:04 PMUbiquity Inc. Files 2015 10K as Interim CEO Take Aggressive Steps Towards Compliance and Restructuring Companywww.baystreet.ca - June 23 at 4:45 PMMarijuana Stocks: Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Stock Soars on FDA Breakthrough Therapy Statusinvestorplace.com - June 23 at 12:21 PMCA Inc. (CA) Has Surged To A New High On Reports Of Takeover Interest - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 22 at 9:22 PMCA, Inc. (CA) Surges: Stock Moves 13.4% Higher - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 22 at 9:22 PMBRIEF-CA Inc says CEO Michael P. Gregoire's total 2017 compensation was $11.9 mln - Reuterswww.reuters.com - June 22 at 9:21 PMCA, Inc. (CA) Insider Ayman Sayed Sells 30,194 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 7:28 PMETFs with exposure to CA, Inc. : June 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 4:18 PMRaymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms "Market Perform" Rating for CA, Inc. (CA)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 1:38 PMBRIEF-BMC, CA Inc said to mull deal to combine, take CA private- Bloomberg, citing sourceswww.reuters.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMCA Inc. (CA) Leaped To A New High On Reports Of Takeover Interestwww.rttnews.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMCA Inc. Stock Surging on Potential BMC Software Dealfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMStocks Turn Mixed; Software Stocks Surge, While PayPal Gets An Upgradefinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMThis Could End the Megabuyout Droughtfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMCA, Inc. :CA-US: Earnings Analysis: Q4, 2017 By the Numbers : June 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:28 AMCA, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : CA-US : June 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 11:28 AM


Social





Chart
CA (CA) Chart for Friday, July, 21, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/21/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































﻿
































Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.44 - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Worthington Industries Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Worthington Industries Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Uranium Resources (URRE) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds
Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance
Financial Analysis: J.B. Hunt Transport Services (NASDAQ:JBHT) versus Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL)
United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) Receives “Hold” Rating from Cowen and Company
Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Given New $51.00 Price Target at Bank of America Corporation
Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) Receives $29.61 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Head to Head Survey: The ExOne (NASDAQ:XONE) versus Kornit Digital (KRNT)
Head-To-Head Survey: DHT Holdings (DHT) vs. KNOT Offshore Partners (NYSE:KNOP)
Comparing Dover Motorsports (DVD) and Speedway Motorsports (TRK)
LKQ Corporation (LKQ) versus LKQ (LKQX) Financial Review
Forterra Inc (FRTA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
People’s United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPS
Flexible Solutions International, Inc. (NYSEMKT:FSI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research

Wright Medical Group N.V. (NASDAQ:WMGI) Receives $30.78 Average Target Price from Analysts
Sotherly Hotels Inc. (SOHO) Receives $7.00 Average Price Target from Analysts
DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ:XRAY) Shares Bought by BTIM Corp.
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) Sets New 1-Year High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) Stake Reduced by Nordea Investment Management AB




 


Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.44

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Press coverage about Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) has trended positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment Analysis. Accern ranks the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Worthington Industries earned a daily sentiment score of 0.44 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave media coverage about the industrial products company an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. 
These are some of the news articles that may have effected Accern Sentiment’s analysis: 


 Get Worthington Industries Inc. alerts:




Jefferies Group Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) (americanbankingnews.com)
Share Performance in View for Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) – Jonesboro Recorder (jonesbororecorder.com)
Reversal Time? Worthington Industries Inc (WOR) Schaff Indicator Nearing Key Levels – FLBC News (flbcnews.com)
Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for July 18th (finance.yahoo.com)
Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) Traded 19.5% Above Its 50 Day Moving Average (highlightpress.com)

Worthington Industries (NYSE WOR) traded down 0.83% on Thursday, hitting $52.70. 370,204 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $47.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $46.61. Worthington Industries has a 52 week low of $39.28 and a 52 week high of $62.44. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.73 and a beta of 1.14. 




Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, June 28th. The industrial products company reported $0.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $845.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $785.58 million. Worthington Industries had a net margin of 6.78% and a return on equity of 20.59%. Worthington Industries’s revenue was up 18.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.87 EPS.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Worthington Industries will post $3.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, September 12th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.59%. This is a boost from Worthington Industries’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.20. 
A number of research firms recently weighed in on WOR. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “sell” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of Worthington Industries in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. BidaskClub raised shares of Worthington Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, July 1st. J P Morgan Chase & Co dropped their price target on shares of Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Worthington Industries from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $47.33.
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.44” was  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/worthington-industries-nysewor-earning-positive-news-coverage-report-shows-updated.html. 
In other Worthington Industries news, VP Dale T. Brinkman sold 28,212 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.50, for a total transaction of $1,396,494.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 71,087 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,518,806.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Sidney A. Ribeau sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.34, for a total transaction of $251,700.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 42,519 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,140,406.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 32.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Worthington Industries Company Profile
Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors.







Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website



































































Greif Bros. Corporation (GEF) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.40 | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Greif Bros. Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Greif Bros. Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $9.43 Per Share					

Brokers Issue Forecasts for AC Immune  SA’s FY2017 Earnings (ACIU)					

CRISPR THERAPTC (CRSP) Given “Market Perform” Rating by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts					

Brokers Issue Forecasts for Synaptics Incorporated’s FY2017 Earnings (SYNA)					

Casella Waste Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CWST) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Dermira, Inc. (DERM)					

FBR & Co Reiterates Mkt Perform Rating for Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM)					

Prospera Financial Services Inc Buys New Position in Home Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:HBCP)					

Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $293,000 Position in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD)					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 800 Shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW)					

Prospera Financial Services Inc Acquires Shares of 2,100 United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR)					

Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:WMB) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 120,600 Shares of Pearson, PLC (NYSE:PSO)					

Eric Leboeuf Buys 795,000 Shares of Mezzi Holdings Inc (TSE:MZI) Stock					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Has $9,579,000 Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI)					

Century Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:CNBKA) Major Shareholder Acquires $16,730.28 in Stock					

Twilio Inc. (NYSE:TWLO) General Counsel Sells $20,776.16 in Stock					

Drive Shack Inc. (DS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

Gabelli Lowers Dominion Diamond Corporation (NYSE:DDC) to Hold					





 





						Greif Bros. Corporation (GEF) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.40					

						 July 12th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Tyrone Williams 


							Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles 







Tweet










News articles about Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) have been trending positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Greif Bros. Corporation earned a news sentiment score of 0.40 on Accern’s scale. Accern also assigned media stories about the industrial products company an impact score of 53 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near future. 
Greif Bros. Corporation (GEF) traded up 0.80% on Wednesday, hitting $56.52. The stock had a trading volume of 61,000 shares. The company has a market cap of $2.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.15 and a beta of 1.37. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $56.78 and its 200-day moving average price is $55.80. Greif Bros. Corporation has a 12-month low of $37.47 and a 12-month high of $63.04. 
Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, June 7th. The industrial products company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $887.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $891.22 million. Greif Bros. Corporation had a return on equity of 16.17% and a net margin of 2.81%. The business’s revenue was up 5.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.47 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Greif Bros. Corporation will post $2.89 EPS for the current year. 




The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, July 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, June 19th were given a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Thursday, June 15th. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.00%. Greif Bros. Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 103.07%. 
Several research analysts have commented on the company. BidaskClub raised Greif Bros. Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Bank of America Corporation  set a $60.00 price target on Greif Bros. Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 10th. Robert W. Baird  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Greif Bros. Corporation in a research report on Sunday, June 11th. ValuEngine raised Greif Bros. Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Finally, KeyCorp  reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $47.00 price target on shares of Greif Bros. Corporation in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.17.
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Greif Bros. Corporation (GEF) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.40” was originally  reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/12/greif-bros-corporation-gef-earns-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-40.html. 
In other Greif Bros. Corporation news, major shareholder Shannon J. Diener bought 5,189 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, July 6th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $62.37 per share, with a total value of $323,637.93. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,189 shares in the company, valued at approximately $635,487.93. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Company insiders own  16.37% of the company’s stock. 
Greif Bros. Corporation Company Profile
Greif, Inc is a producer of industrial packaging products and services. The Company’s segments are Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services; Paper Packaging & Services; Flexible Products & Services, and Land Management. The Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services segment is engaged in the production and sale of rigid industrial packaging products, and services, such as container life cycle management, filling, logistics, warehousing and other packaging services.






Receive News & Ratings for Greif Bros. Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Greif Bros. Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
















































































Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Purchases 6,800 Shares of Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Platform Specialty Products Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Platform Specialty Products Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Kite Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:KITE) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc.					

FireEye, Inc. (FEYE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) to “Buy”					

Shopify Inc. (SHOP) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts					

Northland Securities Analysts Give Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FANG) a $125.00 Price Target					

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCAU) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley					

Quintiles Transitional Holdings’ (Q) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (GSBD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Global Partners LP (GLP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Thermo Fisher Scientific’s (NYSE:TMO) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC					

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

NVIDIA Corporation’s (NVDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity					

Rex Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:REXX) PT Set at $4.00 by Northland Securities					

Qiagen N.V.’s (QGEN) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Endeavour Silver Corporation (EXK) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Northland Securities Analysts					

H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Purchases 6,800 Shares of Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH)					

						 June 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH) by 40.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 23,429 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock after buying an additional 6,800 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can’s holdings in Platform Specialty Products Corporation were worth $305,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Reik & CO. LLC increased its stake in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation by 25.0% in the first quarter. Reik & CO. LLC now owns 12,500 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares during the period.  ProShare Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation by 2.8% in the first quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 16,403 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $214,000 after buying an additional 448 shares during the period.  Searle & CO. purchased a new stake in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $216,000.  Sheets Smith Wealth Management purchased a new stake in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation during the first quarter worth $292,000.  Finally, Fox Run Management L.L.C. purchased a new stake in  Platform Specialty Products Corporation during the first quarter worth $357,000. 95.02% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 

Shares of Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE PAH) opened at 12.63 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $12.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.29. The firm’s market capitalization is $3.61 billion. Platform Specialty Products Corporation has a 12-month low of $6.85 and a 12-month high of $14.37. 




Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.16 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.04. Platform Specialty Products Corporation had a net margin of 1.18% and a return on equity of 6.77%. The company had revenue of $861.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $835.22 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.11 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  Platform Specialty Products Corporation will post $0.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Purchases 6,800 Shares of Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH)” was originally  reported by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-purchases-6800-shares-of-platform-specialty-products-corporation-pah/1391261.html. 
A number of research firms recently weighed in on PAH. ValuEngine raised Platform Specialty Products Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 13th. Nomura  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 target price on shares of Platform Specialty Products Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised Platform Specialty Products Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Instinet lifted their target price on Platform Specialty Products Corporation from $15.00 to $16.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, TheStreet raised Platform Specialty Products Corporation from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $12.50.


Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PAH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH).

Receive News & Ratings for Platform Specialty Products Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Platform Specialty Products Corporation and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 













































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Best life insurance plans and rates | LifePlans.com





























Call for a Quote 888­-882-5978








Compare the Top Online Life InsuranceCarriers in California 














Coverage as Low as $15 a Month!











Rates in less than 2 Minutes. 100% Free,Safe, and Secure!








Life Insurance Helps the Ones You Love with:

Mortgage Payments
College Tuition
Outstanding Debt
Monthly Income




The Lowest Rates and Best Coverage

LifePlans.com is dedicated to helping you find the best life insurance policy, while saving you as much money as possible! How do we do that? Simply put, our technology and relationships are what enable us to pass the savings onto you.
Life insurance companies are constantly calculating and updating rates based on the changing demographics of the US population. LifePlans.com is connected to the databases of the leading carriers to help you find the best deal while using the most up-to-date rates.
What’s better is that our service is 100% free, and super-fast! All you have to do is:


1. Confirm your zip code.
2. Tell us about yourself and your coverage needs.
3. See your custom-results and start comparing multiple quotes.


As you are shopping around, there are certain questions that you should ask yourself. The best one to start with is: “How much coverage do I need?”  To give you an idea, most people opt for a Term Policy with about $250,000 in coverage. Why this amount or any amount for that matter? The answer is that it all depends on how much debt you would need to payoff and how much income you would need to replace in the event you are no longer around to provide for your loved ones.
Another good question to ask yourself, or one of the several qualified agents LifePlans.com can connect you with, is how long do want to be covered and whether an investment component in your policy is right for you. Unlike a term policy, which as its name suggests has rates and coverage based on a set term or number of years, a Permanent Policy does not expire. Typically, Whole Life, the most common type of permanent insurance, not only serves to pay-out your beneficiaries upon your passing, but also has a current cash value that can be borrowed against or cashed-out anytime. Essentially,               permanent policies are investments and can grow in value whereas term policies do not.  The catch is that they often have higher premiums. You can learn more about life insurance and policy types by clicking on the icons below.
So with flexible policy options plus the best rates and coverage, don’t wait any longer. Secure your coverage now with LifePlans.com and get back to living your life with those who matter most!




Learn More
Get more information about life insurance and the different types of policies:







Life Insurance Overview






Life Insurance Calculator






 Term Life Insurance 






Final Expense





Universal Life Insurance





Whole Life Insurance





About Us

LifePlans.com is a marketplace connecting people with insurance companies and the agents/brokers of insurance companies. LifePlans.com does not provide quotes or sell insurance directly to consumers, is not affiliated with any exchange, and is not a licensed insurance agent or broker. Accordingly, you should not send us (via mail or email) any sensitive information, including personal health information or applications. Any such communications will not be treated as confidential and will be discarded.
The information presented on LifePlans.com is intended for general consumer knowledge. We do not provide advice on individual situations or legal issues.



Get Started!















*Disclaimer: All quotes and rates are for illustration purposes. Actual premiums and coverage will be based on age, gender, health history, certain underwriting criteria, state of residence, and tobacco usage. Certain policies may require a medical exam. Not all policies or companies are available in all states. Advertised products are for US residents only.









LifePlans.com | 
				
				Contact Us
				
				 | Terms of Use
				 | Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2013 - 2017 LifePlans.com, all rights reserved.


LifePlans.com, 2381 Rosecrans Ave, Suite 400,El Segundo, CA 90245 | info@LifePlans.com



 

    








 












Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 1, 2016

Our Practices Regarding Privacy
Healthplans.com LLC, through its LifePlans.com website (“Site”) is committed to ensuring the privacy and security of each user that visits our website. Your privacy rights are important to us and we are committed to respecting your online privacy and making sure that any information you share with us by using our website is properly protected.
We have established this LifePlans.com Privacy Policy so you know the importance we place on your privacy and so you can understand how we collect and use information collected from you when you visit our website or submit any personally identifiable information to us. This policy describes our overall privacy practices regarding information we collect on our web sites and through other Internet mediums. Our policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
Data We Collect
When you visit our website, we collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personally identifiable information through various sources.  PII means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to name, address, and telephone number.  Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, and age.
When you use the Site, we automatically collect certain information from you, such as your browser type (e.g., Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome); your Internet domain, (e.g., Comcast, Time Warner, etc.); your computer’s operating system, (e.g., Windows, Macintosh, UNIX, Linux); referring and exit page; operating system; the type of mobile device you use (if applicable); your mobile device’s unique device ID; and your IP address.  This information lets us see how users find our Site, and it tells us which pages users visit most frequently so we can make our Site more useful. We keep this information for an indefinite amount of time to improve the operation of our Site and to provide better services to our users.
In addition to the data that your browser or Internet session sends us automatically, we may also collect PII if you enter it when using our website. This contact information is stored on our servers and used to fulfill your information request. If you have not opted out of its use, we may share it with our data licensees, including our advertising clients and their vendors, and other advertising partners.
How We Use and Share Your Information
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:  (1) to fulfill your requests for information; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to review Site usage and operations; (4) to address problems with the Site, our business, or our services; (5) to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business; (6) to monitor the Site for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law; (7) to help improve our Site or services; and (8) to contact you with Site updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us and third party marketing offers from our trusted partners, as well as from other companies.
We may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties, who may contact you with their own offers; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your personal information with your express consent. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.
Third Parties Contacting You
Different advertisers and advertising companies have different methods of following up with you on information requests. Some send brochures in the mail, others reply via email or some may contact you by telephone. By using our service to request information from our advertising clients and advertising partners, you are giving permission to Healthplans.com LLC and these parties (or their partners and vendors) to contact you using the methods of their choice, even if the phone number you provide is in a corporate, state, or national do not call list, now or in the future (unless and until you opt-out from receiving communications from us or such partners, as applicable).  You are also providing your express consent to be called or texted (including prerecorded messages or using an autodialer or automated means) at the number you provide.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies (small files containing program code that reside on your computer), to provide usage statistics about our web site, and to understand where visitors learn about our web site. We also may use cookies to simplify the re-entering of your data. You can adjust your browser settings to opt out of the use of cookies by having your browser disable cookies. Look for the cookie options in your browser in the Options or Preferences menu.
Additionally, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device on the Site. This information, which may include the pages you visit on our or our partners’ sites, which web address you came from, the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, or an IP-based geographic location, helps us recognize you, customize your website experience and make marketing messages more relevant. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, hardware/software information) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals. However, we may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. To learn more about targeted ads or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website.
Opt-Out of Receiving Communications from LifePlans.com
You may opt out by contacting us by submitting a “Stop contacting me” request on our Contact Us page; calling us at (310) 219-6202; or sending a letter to: Healthplans.com LLC, 2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400, El Segundo, CA 90245.
Children’s Privacy
We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any PII from, any individuals less than thirteen years of age. If you are the parent or guardian and are made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII, please contact us.
Third Party Links
This Site may contain links that direct you to websites owned and operated by other companies. LifePlans.com does not control or endorse these websites, and we do not assume any responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites, which may use cookies and collect PII from you.  We recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external website before disclosing any PII.  Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
California Privacy Rights
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, we provide a method for consumers to “opt-out” of having their information shared with third-parties. Contact us using the methods described in the “Contact Us” section to unsubscribe.
Privacy Policy Changes
LifePlans.com may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Should we revise this Privacy Policy in the future, we will immediately publish the amended Privacy Policy on our website. We recommend that you check our website frequently to view recent changes or updates.
Contact Us
We invite you to contact us if you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or you want to change the personally identifiable information you have provided to us. You may contact us by:
Sending a letter to: Healthplans.com LLC, 2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400, El Segundo, CA 90245
Calling us at (310) 219-6202
Emailing us at: legal@healthplans.com
If we need, or are required to, contact you regarding your personal information, we may do so by telephone, email, or mail.


Terms Of Use 
Terms of Use
Effective Date: February 9, 2017
Please read these terms and conditions of use before using this site.
The LifePlans.com website (“LifePlans.com” or the “Site”) is owned and operated by Healthplans.com LLC (“Healthplans.com”). By using this Site, you signify your assent to these Terms of Use (“Terms” or “Agreement”). If you do not agree to all of these Terms, do not use this site.
BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY PART OF THE SITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE SO BOUND, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. THEY CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
Use of the Website
By using the Site, you represent to LifePlans.com that 1) you are authorized to enter into this Agreement and you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence; (2) you will not use the Site for any purpose or in any manner that violates any law or regulation or that infringes the rights of Healthplans.com or any third party; (3) any information or data provided to Healthplans.com by you will not violate any law or regulation or infringe the rights of Healthplans.com or any third party; (4) all information that you provide to us in connection with the Site (e.g., name, e-mail address, and other information) is true and accurate; and (5) you are authorized and able to fulfill and perform the obligations and meet the conditions of a user as specified herein. This Agreement provides to you a personal, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable license to use the Site conditioned on your continued compliance with the Terms of this Agreement. You may print and download materials and information from the Site solely for your personal use, provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices contained in such materials and information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not modify, translate, decompile, create derivative work(s) of, copy, distribute, disassemble, broadcast, transmit, publish, remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels, license, sublicense, transfer, sell, mirror, frame, exploit, rent, lease, private label, grant a security interest in, or otherwise use the Website in any manner not expressly permitted herein. Specifically, and by way of illustration and not limitation, you may not (a) separate and use any graphics, photographs, or other audio, visual, or video elements from the accompanying text or material without the prior express written permission of Healthplans.com and/or its licensor(s); (b) use any “deep link,” “page scrape,” “robot,” “spider,” or other device, program, script, algorithm, or methodology to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Site or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure of the Site to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site; (c) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site; (d) use any device, software, or routine to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction conducted on the Site; (e) forge headers, impersonate a person, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise your identity or the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Healthplans.com on or through the Site; (f) use the Site to harvest or collect e-mail addresses or other contact information; or (g) use the Site in a manner that could damage, disparage, or otherwise negatively impact Healthplans.com. The licenses granted by Healthplans.com terminate if you do not comply with these Terms.
The material, images, and text on the Site (“Content”) is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with LifePlans.com or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of this Agreement and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of LifePlans.com. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to LifePlans.com and its licensors. If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding personal information provided by you, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties
The use of the Site and the Content is at your own risk. When using the Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of LifePlans.com and its suppliers. Accordingly, LifePlans.com assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site. The Site and the content are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and may include errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies. MOREOVER, Healthplans.com MAY MAKE MODIFICATIONS ANY/OR CHANGES ON THIS SITE OR IN THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON. Healthplans.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES, OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, LEGALITY, OR ACCURACY OF THE Healthplans.com SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Healthplans.com DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Healthplans.com DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SITE, Healthplans.com’S SERVERS, OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM Healthplans.com ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Healthplans.com ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE, OR WARRANTY THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR IN AN UNINTERRUPTED FASHION.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall LifePlans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the Site or the Content, the delay or inability to use the Site, or from any information, Content, materials, or Healthplans.com services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Site, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and whether or not Healthplans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Healthplans.com, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Site shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $100. Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site or any Content must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THESE TERMS TO THE CONTRARY, THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY IN NEW JERSEY.
User Submissions
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Site that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to the Site, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes. If you make any submission to the Site or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to LifePlans.com by email, you automatically grant-or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted Healthplans.com a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Site or to LifePlans.com by email.
Advertisements, Searches, and Links to Other Sites
LifePlans.com may provide links to third-party websites. LifePlans.com also may select certain websites as priority responses to search terms you enter and LifePlans.com may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. LifePlans.com does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. LifePlans.com is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Site, third-party websites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies for such websites.
Electronic Communications
When you use the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on or through the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Governing Law
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Arbitration
All disputes arising out of or relating to any purchase you make with via this Site, any information you provide via the Site, these Terms (including the formation, performance or alleged breach), and your use of the Site will be exclusively resolved under confidential binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “AAA Rules”) then in effect at the time of the dispute. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. If you initiate arbitration, Healthplans.com will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee which may have been required under AAA Rules once you have notified Healthplans.com in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration proceedings. However, if Healthplans.com is the prevailing party in the arbitration, applicable law may allow the arbitrator to award attorneys’ fees and costs to Healthplans.com. If for any reason the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum. The arbitration will be conducted in the city of Los Angeles, California, but may proceed telephonically if the claimant so chooses.
The arbitrator’s award will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these Terms may be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will have the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in state or federal court located to enforce these Terms or prevent an infringement of a third party’s rights. In the event equitable relief is sought, each party hereby irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of such court.
Waiver of Class Action Rights
ANY DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE VIA THE SITE, THESE TERMS (INCLUDING THEIR FORMATION, PERFORMANCE OR ALLEGED BREACH), AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE SUBMITTED INDIVIDUALLY BY YOU, AND SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE STATUS. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS or participate as a member of a class of claimants with respect to any claim submitted to arbitration. The parties to this arbitration agreement acknowledge that this class action waiver is material and essential to the arbitration of any disputes between the parties and is nonseverable from the agreement to arbitrate claims. If any portion of this class action waiver is limited, voided, or cannot be enforced, then the parties’ agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER, YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST Healthplans.com IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU WOULD HAVE HAD A RIGHT TO LITIGATE THROUGH A COURT, TO HAVE A JUDGE OR JURY DECIDE YOUR CASE AND TO BE PARTY TO A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. HOWEVER, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS DECIDED INDIVIDUALLY AND ONLY THROUGH ARBITRATION.
You shall have thirty (30) days from the date that you submit your personally identifiable information to opt-out of this arbitration agreement. To opt out of arbitration you must email us at legal@healthplans.com. If more than thirty (30) days have passed, you are not eligible to opt out of arbitration.
Notice and Take Down Procedures; Copyright Agent
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting LifePlans.com’s copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
A description, in reasonable detail (including the applicable URL) of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please provide us with enough information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained-of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under the penalty of perjury, that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Please send this notice to:
Attn: LifePlans.com Legal
2381 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 400
El Segundo, California 90245
Email: legal@healthplans.com
Complete Agreement
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the Site or via e-mail from Healthplans.com LLC or LifePlans.com, this Agreement and the LifePlans.com Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and LifePlans.com with respect to the use of the Site and Content.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Contact Us
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted through our Contact Us page.

© 2017 LifePlans.com All rights reserved



    //www.lifeplans.com/ lifeplans.com LifePlans.com 2017






























New Low Rates - SBLI





















































 
 























Get A Quote







Announcing New LOWER Rates and Our Simplest Process!


Get a Quote Now
Or call 1-888-630-5000
Making Life Better

At SBLI, we understand that buying life insurance isn’t the most exciting thing in the world. But that doesn’t stop us from working hard every day to make getting it simpler, more affordable, and as hassle-free as possible.
It’s just another way we’re making life better — just like we have been since 1907.


 Biggest Savings



Get more.
Save more.
You’ll save even more on policies with greater than $500K in coverage. Check out just how much you could save on a one million dollar term policy.1




Company
Monthly Rate
SBLI Savings2




SBLI3
$38.71
—


Nationwide3
$42.28
+ $857


MassMutual3
$43.94
+ $1,255


Transamerica3
$49.02
+ $2,474





Comparison for male, age 35 for 20 years term life insurance.




 Simplest Process


Hassle-free and 2x faster!

If you have a family, you don’t need us to tell you how busy life can get. That’s why we’ve created a No-Hassle application for term life insurance coverage of $500,000 or less. We’ve stripped away a lot of the extra fuss and scheduling required by most other carriers.
In fact, most of our No-Hassle policies are issued in 15 days or less — that’s 2 times faster than the industry average!1








“SBLI made the process easy and quick and their customer service was wonderful. I would definitely recommend them.”



~ Alex,
Camden, Arkansas




See what our customers are saying
Because we work so hard to take the hassle out of buying life insurance, we tend to hear things like this from our customers:

 

Trustpilot

 

Choosing your coverage amount

How much coverage do you need?

Too little and you’ll want more later. Too much and you’re overpaying. Fortunately, you can find out how much coverage you need to fully protect your loved ones in seconds.



Employer-paid coverage may not be enough
Most employee life insurance only offers 1-2 years of salary. But two years will go by faster than you think. Plus, that coverage lapses as soon as you change jobs. So protect your family on your terms with your own life insurance policy.

Be sure to think ahead
Do you know how much your financial obligations may increase over time? Once you factor in child care, mortgages, college expenses, healthcare costs, debt and inflation, what you need today may not necessarily be what your family will need tomorrow. So when considering coverage amount, be sure to think ahead.

 
 




1More than half of all SBLI guaranteed level premium term life insurance applications, completed using our Accelerated Underwriting process, are issued in 15 days or less. According to the LOMA (Life Office Management Association) 2013 Individual Life STTA Report, the national average to issue a term life insurance policy is 30.1 days.



 

 
   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy

















Scroll to top




































Term Life Insurance and Whole Life Insurance Comparison

































































 
 























Get A Quote






Term Life vs. Whole Life


What kind of life insurance do I need?

Term life insurance provides coverage for a certain period of time. The term—the length of time which your premiums remain the same—is typically chosen based on the number of years your family would be vulnerable if you were no longer there to provide for them. Whether it’s during your working years, your kids’ college years, or the length of your mortgage, you buy a term policy for a specific period of time.
Whole life provides lifelong protection and includes a guaranteed cash value which accumulates tax-advantaged over time. You can borrow from the guaranteed cash value for any reason you choose, including paying for your kids’ tuition or as a supplemental source of retirement income for you and your spouse.

Differences at a glance
Term Life Insurance

Term choices of 10, 15, 20, 25, or 30 years
Very affordable premiums
Premiums never change during entire term selected
Option to convert to a permanent policy

Learn More
Whole Life Insurance

Coverage for life
Premiums can be paid for limited time or for the life of the policy
Premiums never change
Policy has a cash value
Eligible for dividends
Cash value grows tax-advantaged
Can borrow against the cash value for any reason

Learn More

Sometimes, having both term and whole life is best for you and your loved ones. To discuss the best option for your unique situation, schedule a talk with one of our experienced life insurance professionals.
For more information on tailoring a policy to fit your unique needs, learn about policy riders.


   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy






    Changing your address       Riders  








Scroll to top




































Term Life Insurance Coverage Estimator

















































































Get A Quote










 

Get a free estimate.
Learn your term coverage needs in seconds.

Annual Income?**Annual Income?*Under $20,000$20,000 - $30,000$30,000 - $40,000$40,000 - $50,000$50,000 - $75,000$75,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $150,000$150,000 or moreCoverage Length?**Coverage Length?*1015202530Assets?**Assets?*None$1,000-$10,000$10,000-$25,000$25,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000-$150,000$200,000-$250,000$300,000-$350,000$400,000-$450,000Existing Life Insurance?**Existing Life Insurance?*None$25,000-$50,000$50,000-$75,000$75,000-$100,000$100,000-$200,000$200,000-$300,000$300,000-$400,000$400,000-$500,000$500,000 or more

 











 



*Asterisk defines required field.
 By continuing, I agree to the Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions.




Get the coverage you need and nothing more.


  










Scroll to top




































Answers to Common Questions about Life Insurance

































































 
 























Get A Quote






Learn the Basics
Get answers to common questions with SBLI’s Life Insurance Basics.



We understand. Life insurance can be intimidating at first. That’s why getting it from SBLI is important. We make the process easy and explain things simply. See for yourself below with our life insurance basics.



What kind of insurance do I need?
Whole or Term Life?

The kind of life insurance you need depends on your unique situation. Term Life insurance may be right if you only need coverage for a specified amount of time–as long as your kids are still at home or while you have a mortgage, for instance. Whole life, with generally higher premiums, fulfills a longer-term insurance need and offers a cash value from which you can borrow for any reason you choose. Many consider purchasing some of both to get the best of both worlds.
Term Life Insurance
Term life protects your beneficiaries for the length of the policy. With SBLI’s guaranteed level premium term life, your premium is guaranteed never to change over that period. You pay your premiums and we agree to pay your family the value of the policy in the case of your death while the policy is in force.

Term length choices of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years
Very affordable
Payments never change during the entire period you select
Choice of two policy add-ons (“riders”)
Accelerated Death Benefit rider is included at no premium charge

Learn More

Whole Life Insurance
Whole life insurance offers coverage for your entire life. While premiums are generally higher, you can borrow from the policy’s cash value while you’re alive for any reason you choose, including for your kids’ tuition and extra retirement income. SBLI’s whole life products are eligible for dividends as well.

Coverage for life
Premiums never increase
Policy has a guaranteed cash value
Grows tax-advantaged over time
Can borrow against value of policy
Eligible for dividends
Choice of up to 7 policy add-ons (“riders”)
Accelerated Death Benefit rider is included at no premium charge

Learn More

Have questions about term or whole life? Speak to one of our insurance professionals now.
Call Us: 1.888.630.5000 



How Much Is Enough?
When considering how much coverage you need, it is important to keep in mind both your current and future financial obligations.
Consider how much money it would take to replace your annual income, pay the mortgage, and cover car payments and credit debt. Getting the right term life insurance policy can meet these and other needs if you pass away unexpectedly.
You should also consider your financial needs if you do not pass away unexpectedly. For example, you may want a source of supplemental retirement income or additional funds to pay your kids’ tuitions. Whole life insurance can help do that, thanks to its guaranteed cash value from which you can borrow for any reason.
Try our free Coverage Estimator for a personalized term coverage amount.


What does it cost?
Life insurance varies depending on your age, health, gender, and the type of policy you choose. The one thing most policies have in common is that most people overestimate their cost.
For a fast, easy way to get an idea of how much your policy will cost, try our quick quote tool.


What’s the process?
Step 1: Contact us
We can get you a free, no-obligation term life quote and answer any question you may have. You can also get your own term life quote on our site and we will follow up with you. For a whole life quote, please call us or schedule a talk.
1.888.630.5000  |  Schedule a Talk  |   Get a Quote
Step 2: Application
After you contact us, we will send you your application and help you complete it. While you’re completing the application, we will contact our paramedical exam partner.
Step 3: Medical Exam (when applicable)
Our exam partner will call you to schedule a brief, no-cost medical exam in your home or another location of your choosing. Your application will need to be completed before your medical exam.
Step 4: Underwriting
Once we receive your exam results and completed application, your application will be thoroughly reviewed. Then we will begin the underwriting process and make a final decision on your application and your rate class.
Step 5: Policy issued
If your application is approved, we’ll send your policy and a choice of convenient payment options. Your policy will be in effect upon your first premium payment.
If you have questions about the application process or any of our life insurance basics, give us a call.
1.888.630.5000



   

CompanyAbout
Strength & Ratings
Partners
Work with Us
ProductsTerm Life
Whole Life
Whole Life for Children
Annuities
SupportLearn
Sales: 1-888-630-5000
Customers: 1-800-694-7254
ConnectContact Us
Log In
Blog



SBLI and The No Nonsense Life Insurance Company are registered trademarks of The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, which is in no way affiliated with SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. Products and features may not be available in all states. © 2016 The Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts, One Linscott Road, Woburn, MA 01801. All rights reserved. NAIC Number: 70435  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy






     Whole Life for Children  








Scroll to top










Web - Great West Life Assurance Co





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Great West Life Assurance Co



great west assurance company


great west life canada claims


great west financial life insurance


great west life assurance address


great west life insurance usa


great west life wiki


great west financial group


great west family legacy
 





Ads


 


News Results



A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its Subsidiaries

Business Wire via Yahoo Finance, 7/21/2017
... (London, Ontario), The Canada Life Assurance Company (CLAC) (Toronto, Ontario), Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) (Greenwood Village, CO) and Great-West Life & Annuity…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Great-West Life Insurance for Personal, Group & Benefits ...


www.greatwestlife.com/

Great-West Life is a leader in the group retirement and benefits marketplace in Canada. With experts around the country, we are helping thousands of organizations ...



The Great-West Life Assurance Company - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/…Great-West_Life_Assurance_Company

The Great-West Life Assurance Company (also Great-West Life, French: La Great-West, compagnie d'assurance-vie) is a life insurance company. Its headquarters are in ...



Great-West Lifeco - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great-West_Lifeco

It has been suggested that The Great-West Life Assurance Company be merged into this article. Proposed since February 2015. Great-West Lifeco Inc. Type.



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $140,000 Position in ...


www.baseball-news-blog.com/…7/19/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can maintained its stake in shares of TFS Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:TFSL) during the first quarter, according to its most ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Position in LPL ...


www.baseball-news-blog.com/…7/16/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can held its stake in LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LPLA) during the first quarter, according to its most recent ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $109,000 Stake in ...


www.chaffeybreeze.com/…great-west-life-assurance...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can maintained its position in shares of Dynegy Inc. (NYSE:DYN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with ...



Great West Life Group Retirement Services - GRS Access


ssl.grsaccess.com/public/en/home.aspx

GRS Access is your one stop for group retirement services from Great-West Life, ... manage your group retirement and ... The Great-West Life Assurance Company, ...



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Holds Stake in Colfax ...


www.thestockobserver.com/…/07/14/great-west-life...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can continued to hold its position in Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent ...



How can we help you? by Great-West Life in Canada


www.greatwestlife.com/…d-your-family/need-help.html

GroupNet for Plan Members Health insurance & benefits; GRS Access Group retirement; Qtrade Investor Trades and investments; Personal Investments Personal investment ...



Great-West Life GroupNet for Plan Members


groupnet.greatwestlife.com/…signin/login.public?...

Join the more than one million plan members who have already signed up. You'll enjoy 24/7 access to benefits details and services, and you'll be going greener!



Our companies - Great-West Lifeco Inc.


www.greatwestlifeco.com/…ho-we-are/our-company.html

The Great-West Life Assurance Company Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC. . . . ... > Our companies. Our companies. Our companies; Great-West Life;



Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in ...


www.chaffeybreeze.com/…great-west-life-assurance...

Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in shares of AngioDynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANGO) by 6.6% during the first quarter, according to its most ...



Great-West Financial


www.greatwest.com/

Great-West Financial ® and Great-West ... Empower Retirement refers to the retirement products and services offered by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company ...





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













CanDoFinance
















Candofinance.com
































Web Results



Great-West Lifeco - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great-West_Lifeco
Great-West Lifeco is an insurance centered financial holding company (
corporation) that operates in North America (USA and Canada), Europe and Asia
 ...



Great-West Lifeco Inc: TSE:GWO quotes & news - Google Finance

http://www.google.com/finance?cid=665977
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) is a financial services holding company. The 
Company has interests in the life insurance, health insurance, asset 
management, ...



Great-West Lifeco

https://www.greatwestlifeco.com/
Building on our strengths. Investing in our future. Great-West Lifeco is an 
international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, 
health ...



Great-West Lifeco - Stock Quote - The Globe and Mail

https://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/markets/stocks/news/?q=GWO-T
Great-West Lifeco Inc closed lower Monday, dropping $0.25 or 0.70% to $35.53 
and crossing below its 125-day moving average. Shares have lost 0.67% over ...



Great-West Life Insurance for Personal, Group & Benefits in Canada

https://www.greatwestlife.com/
May 19, 2017. Great-West Lifeco subsidiary announces acquisition of Financial 
Horizons Group – The leading MGA in the Canadian market ...



Corporate Structure | Great-West Financial

http://www.greatwest.com/about-us/corporate-structure.shtml
Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co. is an indirect, whollly owned subsidiary 
of Great-West Lifeco Inc. and A Member of the Power Financial Corporation ...



Great-West Lifeco to lay off 13% of its Canadian workforce - CBC.ca

http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/great-west-life-layoffs-1.4084179
Apr 25, 2017 ... Insurance conglomerate Great-West Lifeco plans to lay off 1500 Canadian 
workers this year and next year as part of a cost-cutting plan.



GWO.TO : Summary for GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC - Yahoo Finance

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GWO.TO/
View the basic GWO.TO stock chart on Yahoo Finance. Change the date range, 
chart type and compare GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC against other companies.



GWO:Toronto Stock Quote - Great-West Lifeco Inc - Bloomberg ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/GWO:CN
Stock analysis for Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO:Toronto) including stock price, 
stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.



Financial reports - Great-West Lifeco Inc.

https://www.greatwestlifeco.com/investors-analysts/financial-reports.html
Easily find current and archived financial 
reports for Great-West Lifeco. Access ...























Privacy


Terms


Contact


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC





















Reference.com - What's Your Question

















www.reference.com































articles



                        How do you buy a life insurance policy with Great-West?

An individual wishing to purchase a life insurance policy from Great-West Life Assurance Co. must contact the company directly to receive a referral to a financial security adviser, according to Great-West as of 2015. Th...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance






                        How do you contact Great West Life Insurance?

Contact Great West Life Insurance by visiting the Contact Us page of its website, GreatWestLife.com, and locating the link to view forms for the appropriate department, such as health and dental claims or personal plans,...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Business Resources
› Customer Service






                        What is Great-West Life?

Great-West Life is a Canadian insurance company offering health insurance, retirement savings, life insurance and investments, according to the company website. Primarily serving Canada and Europe, the company is a membe...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance





Related Search


Hartford Insurance


Blue Cross Insurance


Globe Life Insurance


Great West Life Address for Claims


Great West Retirement Services




Great West Health Insurance


Sun Life Insurance Company


Wawanesa Insurance


Great West Healthcare


Great West Life Canada





similar articles


What are the terms and conditions of life insurance?






The terms and conditions of life insurance vary depending on the life insurance policy and the type of life insurance, according to HowStuffWorks. Life insurance is either term or permanent, and can be paid monthly, quar...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance





What is a life insurance beneficiary?

A life insurance beneficiary is a person or party named in a life insurance policy to get the death benefit, according to the Insurance Information Institute. Policyholders can designate one or more people as beneficiari...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance





How do you purchase Guardian life insurance?

The process of buying a life insurance policy from Guardian starts by contacting a financial representative of the company. On the company's website, a user can enter his ZIP code and find a local representative to commu...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance





How do you apply for an Old American life insurance policy?

Customers can apply for a life insurance policy through Old American Insurance Company by visiting the company website, reviewing available products and contacting an agent, notes the company site. Through the company si...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Insurance














Related Search


Hartford Insurance


Great West Health Insurance


Blue Cross Insurance


Sun Life Insurance Company


Globe Life Insurance


Wawanesa Insurance


Great West Life Address for Claims


Great West Healthcare





Today's Top 10 Articles in business-finance







How does life expectancy affect life insurance?









What is a flood elevation certificate?









How can you find out your insurance policy number?









When are you eligible for Medicare?









How many car accidents happen each year?
















Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC



















Insurance - Dave Molinari Farmers Insurance - San Jose - CA

































Your Trusted Insurance Agent Since 2000
Dave Molinari Farmers Insurance
Reliable Insurance Services in San Jose








 CALL US




 VISIT OURWEBSITE




 EMAIL US




 ADD TOBOOKMARK




 PRINT














Call Us to Get a Quote!
(408) 513-6421


Dave Molinari Farmers
6110 Camino Verde Drive #5
San Jose, CA 95119
Visit Website







Experienced Insurance Agent in San Jose
Looking for a home insurance policy? Contact Dave Molinari Farmers Insurance. Dave Molinari is a local insurance agent serving customers in San Jose and the surrounding areas. Dave Molinari will help you choose the right insurance coverage based on your needs. If you are planning to buy homeowners insurance, Dave Molinari will offer you the best possible deal. 

Our focus is to help our clients in making smarter insurance decisions. If you want to buy a life insurance policy, Dave Molinari will explain the process to you from start to finish. With a life insurance policy, you can provide financial support to your family. Give us a call today at (408) 513-6421 to learn more about our insurance services.

Why Choose Us?

17 Years in Business
Your Local Agent
Competitive Rates
Exceptional Customer Service





We Provide:

Life Insurance
Homeowners Insurance
Auto Insurance
Business Insurance
and More












        Call Us to Get a Quote!
(408) 513-6421


>> Map














Great West Life Assurance Co - Dogpile Web Search








































 














Advanced Search
|

Preferences





Advanced Search
close







All of these words:



The exact phrase:



Any of these words:



None of these words:





Image Color:
All Colors
Color
Black & White



Image Size:
All Image Sizes
Small
Medium
Large







Language:
Any Language
Danish
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Norwegian
Portuguese
Spanish
Swedish




Include Domain

Exclude Domain











 









Web


Images 



Video 



News 











Ads


Are you looking for?
 

Great West Life Assurance Co News


More Related News >




Great West Life Assurance Co Shopping




Great West Life Assurance Co Videos


More Related Videos >




Great West Life Assurance Co Images


More Related Images >


 



        Did you mean:
    









Ads





Great West Life Assurance Co News



Web Results









Ads







Are you looking for?




1 
|
2 
|
3 
|
4 
|
5 
|
6 
|
7 
Next











 











Search Results from:











About Infospace
|
About Dogpile
|
FAQs
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us


© 2017 InfoSpace Holdings LLC. All Rights Reserved

Comic-Con 2017
British Open
Nordstrom Anniversary Sale
Dunkirk
Frontier Airlines
John McCain
























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































