    Tay Weng | | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















SEC Info - Greater Asia Realty Holdings, LTD. - ‘8-K’ for 11/14/07










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Greater Asia Realty Holdings, LTD. – ‘8-K’ for 11/14/07On:  Friday, 11/16/07, at 7:25am ET   ·   For:  11/14/07   ·   Accession #:  1388158-7-6   ·   File #:  0-52695
Previous ‘8-K’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘8-K’ on 2/19/08 for 2/18/07   ·   Latest:  ‘8-K’ on 7/21/09 for 6/18/09



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size

11/16/07  Greater Asia Realty Holdings, LTD 8-K:3      11/14/07    1:4KF-->Current Report   —   Form 8-KFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 8-K         Form 8-K by Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.         2      8K 

D-->Document Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
2Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
P-->8-K1st Page of 2TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
 UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, DC 20549
FORM 8-K
CURRENT REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 14, 2007
  GREATER ASIA REALTY HOLDINGS, LTD.
 -----------------------------------------------
 (Exact Name of Company as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 000-52695                 
--------------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
(State or Other Jurisdiction of  (Commission File No.)       (IRS Employer  
          Incorporation)                                     Identification No.)

     c/o Tay Chong Weng, M-3-19 Plaza Damas,
    Sri Hartamas, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 50480
  ----------------------------------------------------------------
     (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Company's telephone/facsimile number             (603) 2178-4947                
Company's email address                          tcwkl@hotmail.com              

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if  the  Form  8-K  filing  is intended to 
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the 
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):                      

 [ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)                                              

   [ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)                                               

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))                            

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))                            

P-->8-KLast Page of 2TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
  GREATER ASIA REALTY HOLDINGS, LTD.

      This  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  is  filed  by  Greater Asia Realty
Holdings,  Ltd, a Delaware corporation (the "Registrant"), in  connection  with 
the item set forth below.                                                       

Item 3.02      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities                          

      On  November  14,  2007 the Registrant authorized the issuance of 25,000
shares of its Common Stock  to Gary L. Blum, Esq., for legal services rendered. 
The shares will be issued with  restrictive  legends  pursuant to Rule 144. The 
transaction  was  handled  as  a  private  sale exempt from registration  under 
Section  4(2)  of  the Securities Act of 1933 and  Rule  506  of  Regulation  D 
promulgated thereunder.                                                         

SIGNATURES  

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to  be  signed  on  its  behalf  by  the 
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                           

                GREATER ASIA REALTY HOLDINGS, LTD.
(Registrant)      

    By: /s/ TAY CHONG WENG
                             ---------------------------------------
          Name: Tay Chong Weng
                                  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: November 16, 2007                                                        
R-->Dates Referenced Herein
Referenced-On PageThis ‘8-K’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other FilingsFiled on:11/16/072None on these DatesFor Period End:11/14/0712 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001388158-07-000006   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 00:42:32.0 GMT 


Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:42 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. does not have significant operations. It intends to seek a suitable reverse acquisition candidate through acquisition, merger, or other suitable business combination method. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Midland, Texas.


3327 West WadleySuite 3-267Midland, TX 79707United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 432-685-1307








Key Executives for Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.




Mr. Ronnie L. Steinocher PE


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Chong Weng Tay


      	Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
      


Age: 80
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. Key Developments

SEC Revokes Registration Of Registered Securities Of Greater Asia Realty Holdings
Sep 14 16
An Administrative Law Judge has issued an Initial Decision of Default as to Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. The Initial Decision found that the company was issuer of securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), and the company failed to comply with Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13 by not filing required periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Initial Decision finds these allegations to be true and revokes the registration of each class of the company’s registered securities, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


SEC Orders Hearings On Registration Suspension Or Revocation Against Greater Asia Realty Holdings For Failure To Make Required Periodic Filings

Aug 10 16
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or the commission) instituted public administrative proceeding to determine whether to revoke or suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months the registration of each class of the securities of Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. for failure to make required periodic filings with the Commission. In this Order, the Division of Enforcement (Division) alleges that the company was delinquent in its required periodic filings with the Commission. In this proceeding, instituted pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(j), a hearing will be scheduled before an Administrative Law Judge. At the hearing, the judge will hear evidence from the Division and the company to determine whether the allegations of the Division contained in the Order, which the Division alleges constitute failures to comply with Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 there under, are true. The judge in the proceeding will then determine whether the registrations pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 of each class of the securities of the company should be revoked or suspended for a period not exceeding twelve months. The Commission ordered that the Administrative Law Judge in this proceeding issue an initial decision not later than 120 days from the date of service of the order instituting proceeding.



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. Announces Initial Public Offering of Securities -- Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. | PRLog


















Press Release Distribution

 

PR Home
Latest News
News Feeds
Subscribe
Submit Free Press Release
For Bloggers
PR Newswire Distribution
News By Tag* Ipo* Dpo* Initial Public Offering* Reit* Real Estate Investment Trust* Nasdaq* Stock* Otc-bb* Stock Market* Shares* More Tags...Industry News* Real Estate* Business* Finance* More Industries...News By Location* Kuala Lumpur  Kuala Lumpur  Malaysia* More Locations...Country(s)United StatesAustraliaIndiaHong KongEngland- - -More CountriesIndustry News
July 2017
FrThWeTuMoSuSa
28272625242322

Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. Announces Initial Public Offering of Securities
Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. (the "Company"), a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware, today announced that it has started an initial public offering of 500,000 Units.
 



 


Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.

Feb. 8, 2008 - PRLog -- Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd. (the "Company"), a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware USA, today announced that it has started an initial public offering of 500,000 Units, each Unit consists of one (1) share of its common stock, two (2) Class A warrants exercisable at USD$0.50 for one year from the date of the prospectus, and four (4) Class B warrants exercisable at USD$0.75 for two years from the date of the prospectus. Each warrant entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share of common stock. The Units are priced at an initial public offering price of USD$1 per Unit.The Company's registration statement was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and declared effective on January 16, 2008.This offering is being made solely by the company. A prospectus can be obtained by downloading from www.greaterasiarealty.com, by sending email to info@greaterasiarealty.com; or by calling (603) 2178-4947 (Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia).This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any State in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such State.# # #About Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.We were formed in order to create and realize value by identifying and making opportunistic real estate investments by the direct acquisition, development, rehabilitation, financing and management of real properties within Malaysia.Website: www.GreaterAsiaRealty.comEnd






Source:Greater Asia Realty Holdings, Ltd.
Email:Contact Author
Phone:(603) 2178-4947
Zip:50480
Tags:Ipo, Dpo, Initial Public Offering, Reit, Real Estate Investment Trust, Nasdaq, Stock, Otc-bb, Stock Market, Shares
Industry:Real Estate, Business, Finance
Location:Kuala Lumpur - Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia

Disclaimer     Report Abuse
Trending
New iPad App Revolutionizes User Control of EVERY Desktop App
U.S. Integrative Physicians Call For Immediate Response to Dangerous Rise in Antibiotic Resistance
SCOSCHE® Introduces the New HUDSP - Smartphone Display for HUD, Navigation and Other Apps
Veterans Affairs Still Denying Large Number of VA DIsability Claims
Convicted: OSCR360 Provides Compelling Evidence Presentation for Jurors in Rideout Murder Trial
Daily News
Ironside Human Resources Enters into Healthcare Travel Business - 581 views
United Premier Soccer League Announces Denver Metro FC as Colorado Conference Expansion Team - 396 views
SVN / Vanguard names new Southern California Retail Director - 318 views
Archstone Recovery Center of the Palm Beaches Receives JCAHO Accreditation - 229 views
Renotkil Steritech Finalizes the Merger of Connor's Termite and Pest Control - 115 views
Weekly News
Lennar Debuts World's First Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ Home Design at Olympia Ridge - 1035 views
Launch Of Strategic Sourcing Advisors Redefines Mid-Size Contact Center Advisory Market - 611 views
McCarthy Texas Division Appoints Business Development Vice President of Civil Office - 572 views
Navajo Nation Bull Riding Sensation Cody Jesus Wins Night One - Vastbinder Moves Up - 567 views
Des Plaines Office Equipment President says company is "business as usual" - 424 views

Daily News
Ironside Human Resources Enters into Healthcare Travel Business - 581 views
United Premier Soccer League Announces Denver Metro FC as Colorado Conference Expansion Team - 396 views
SVN / Vanguard names new Southern California Retail Director - 318 views
Archstone Recovery Center of the Palm Beaches Receives JCAHO Accreditation - 229 views
Renotkil Steritech Finalizes the Merger of Connor's Termite and Pest Control - 115 views
Weekly News
Lennar Debuts World's First Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ Home Design at Olympia Ridge - 1035 views
Launch Of Strategic Sourcing Advisors Redefines Mid-Size Contact Center Advisory Market - 611 views
McCarthy Texas Division Appoints Business Development Vice President of Civil Office - 572 views
Navajo Nation Bull Riding Sensation Cody Jesus Wins Night One - Vastbinder Moves Up - 567 views
Des Plaines Office Equipment President says company is "business as usual" - 424 views
PTC News
Lennar Debuts World's First Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ Home Design at Olympia Ridge - 1035 views
Lennar Debuts World's First Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ Home Design at North Creek Ridge - 758 views
Mike Grell Selected For Wizard World Hall of Legends - 575 views
Heritage Heights Grand Opens Saturday, July 22 - 373 views
Otani Gardens Coming Soon to Seattle - 328 views
Feb 08, 2008 News






SiteMap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright Notice
About
Advertise
Like PRLog?9K2K1K



Matrix Realty Holdings Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























matrix realty holdings ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Consumer Services
Sub-Industry: Non-Profit Organization
Matrix Realty Holdings Ltd is headquartered in England. The company's line of business includes subdividing real property into lots.




Corporate Information
Address:

4 Albany Road
Birmingham, B17 9JX
England


Phone:
44-1214279331


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 








Dalvey Realty Holdings Pte. Ltd. Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Dalvey Realty Holdings Pte. Ltd.     







 


 Singapore                
Dalvey Realty Holdings Pte. Ltd.
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 9.95

Industry: Real Estate
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2013

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                8 Sin Ming Road,#01-01                                
                                Singapore;                                Singapore;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 575628                                                            






 

Company Description                    




                        Dalvey Realty Holdings Pte. Ltd. is engaged in providing real estate and development services. The company is based in Singapore.
                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

 



Asia Capital Group Holdings   » About Us


























































 







About Us
Our Strategy
Our Businesses
Contact Us
 



 
 
About Us

 





Incorporated and based in Singapore, Asia Capital Group Holdings is one of Singapore’s most dynamic private equity and consultancy companies. Asia Capital prides itself on two main pillars – private equity, sourcing and structuring low risk alternative investments and consulting, providing both resources and advisory help to both MNCs and SMEs. The group currently houses a diverse and low risk portfolio of products and investments under its umbrella today.
The group is currently based in Singapore, and has branch offices in Hong Kong and China. These offices were setup to support Asia Capital’s Asia-centric focus and developmental plans in the region.
Internally, Asia Capital Group applies strict set of on-boarding checks before undertaking any project. Stringent due diligence processes, comprehensive risk management standards and sound financial management are part of a holistic evaluation process which the group has come to be known for. The group is focused on achieving good and more importantly safe returns and capital gains on its portfolio.
 
 The Team
Asia Capital Group Holdings consists of a group of like-minded individuals coming together to seek and recommend new alternative investments products. The team is made up of individuals from diverse background with expertise and experience in real estate properties, food & beverage, marketing, technology, project financing and financial assets management.
Our leaders set themselves to pioneer innovations in the landscape of investment and committed to creating paths to wealth for every individual. They are also able to bring our extensive network of industry relationships and close ties with Asian strategic investors to all of our investment projects in order to ensure maximum value creations for all investors.
 



 
 
 





Singapore Office Asia Capital Group Holdings Pte Ltd
10 Anson Road #05-17 International Plaza Singapore (079903)

Hong Kong Office Asia Capital Investment Holding Private Limited
Unit 1801-2 18/F., Jubilee Centre, Glouchester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

Connect with Us 



Search Our Site 搜寻网站






 








						Asia Capital Group Holdings  © 2012 - 2017					




 















