 



Business Solutions | Great-West Financial
































































Our commitment to partnership
For over 100 years, Great-West Financial has been committed to serving as the trusted guides whose steadying hands help clients develop and maintain a long-term investment strategy that takes them to and through retirement.
Discover more.







Our commitment to you

Strong financial ratings
Supporting your efforts
Your Great-West team











Predictable has never been more exciting

When replacing a paycheck in retirement, you are likely to need a level of predictable income. Boring? Maybe. But consider the possibilities that could come from being invested in the market for potential growth and having guaranteed1 income during your retirement.









Smart Track II — 5 Year
A flexible investment growth and guaranteed income strategy that can be tailored to meet your specific needs.


Smart Track Advisor
Tax-deferred investment growth potential and lifetime retirement income — the best of both worlds.


Smart Track and Smart Track II
Broad investment options and a retirement income guarantee.










Schwab OneSource Choice™
Growth potential and retirement income protection.


Schwab Advisor Choice™
Control how much to invest and protect, to and through retirement.


1All guarantees are subject to the claims-paying ability of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.












You leave behind far more than a legacy

Although you can’t predict what tomorrow will bring, you can help protect your family’s financial future.




Select the life insurance that’s right for you.








Family Legacy℠ Single Premium Universal Life
Simplified access to your money and wealth transfer to your beneficiaries.


Essential Whole Life℠
Simplified issuance and permanent coverage that can build cash value and create a family legacy.


Essential Term℠ Life
Lower-cost life insurance designed to help protect your family.










Summit Term® Life
Attractive rates and higher coverage amounts for longer term-lengths.












Pursue retirement readiness

Our broad array of investment products offer diversified asset allocation options ranging from risk-based funds to managed accounts and provide combinations of active and passive management to help you get to and through retirement.
Learn more about what we offer.








Great-West Lifetime Funds
Expert allocation and a choice of target-date glide paths tailored to your risk tolerance.


Great-West SecureFoundation® Funds
Asset allocation solution paired with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit.1










Great-West Profile Funds
Ready-mixed asset allocation portfolios designed to suit individual levels of risk tolerance.


Advisory Services2
Investment advisory services designed to meet the needs of individuals and institutions.


1Guaranteed income benefit is subject to the claims-paying ability of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.


2 Offered by Advised Assets Group, LLC, a federally registered investment advisor.












Building the future of retirement

Empower points the way forward with a singular focus on helping to guide people on a successful retirement journey. We offer personalized, meaningful retirement services to people, employers, and partners across all plan types, of every size, in every market segment.




Explore Empower








Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI)
Finance a bank’s employee and executive benefits.


Corporate Owned Life Insurance (COLI)
Finance a corporation’s executive benefits.


Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plans
Attract, retain, and reward valuable executives.


162 Bonus Plans
Provide tax-advantaged growth while saving for retirement.










Group Retirement Plans
Innovative, focused workplace savings plans.


Empower Institutional
Private label retirement plan recordkeeping and administrative services.















Home / Business solutions



Business Solutions



Providing financial solutions to complex business needs
Current U.S. tax code and ERISA regulations restrict the ability of high-income executives and professionals to accumulate significant wealth for retirement using qualified plans as a sole means to fund retirement. In addition, highly compensated professionals may find themselves challenged to manage and distribute wealth efficiently if it is held in conventional taxable accounts. Other organizations may seek greater flexibility in how they attract, retain, and reward highly valued employees and business partners.
Our institutionally priced products include universal life and variable universal life policies that offer opportunity for unlimited contributions, liquidity, tax-deferred growth, tax-free access to cash values, and beneficiary protection in the form of a tax-free death benefit.
What can financial solutions from Great-West Financial® do for my business?
Great-West Financial partners with financial professionals nationwide to offer a specialized line of products to help meet a broad range of personal and professional goals. Financial professionals — whether retirement-focused advisors and consultants, or wealth management specialists who meet our criteria for selling and servicing our products — who work with high-income executives, corporations, banks, partnerships, and retirement organizations are able to leverage our products in ways that serve the highly customized needs of their clients. 
Our commitment to collaborating with and serving the needs of financial professionals and our distribution partners in the Business Solutions space is unparalleled. 

Clients first — We work with financial professionals across the country to create innovative, highly customized, and individualized financial solutions for their clients.
High-touch service — Advisors and their clients can depend on receiving high-quality, personalized service from Great-West Financial. Our dedicated team of over 40 associates works on placing cases at the front end, and answers questions financial advisors or their clients have after contract issuance. Since 1986, underwriting for the vast majority of cases in the BOLI/COLI segment has relied on highly streamlined, technology-driven, guaranteed issue processing. Our commitment to responsive, client-focused service has helped us remain a leading Business Solutions provider for nearly three decades.
An insurance leader — Great-West Financial is the No. 3 insurer by total premium of bank-owned life insurance sold to U.S. banks (as of December 31, 2014, IBIS Report, Fourth Quarter 2014).
Voted top provider — Great-West Financial was named the top recommended provider in the Executive Benefits Brand Survey in 2014 and 2015, leading the pack in wholesaler, administrative and new business support. 





Bank-Owned Life Insurance
Great-West Financial offers two bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) products designed to help community banks finance the cost of executive benefits on a tax-free basis. The Single Premium Universal Life product offers a bank a stable interest-crediting rate where the premium is invested by Great-West Financial professionals in our General Account. The Hybrid Single Premium Universal Life product combines the key features of a separate account BOLI product with those of a general account BOLI product, allowing clients to better customize their investment portfolios and pursue their investment goals.




Corporate Owned Life Insurance
Great-West Financial’s Corporate Owned Life insurance products are highly customized, comprehensive accumulation and distribution solutions designed to help high-income executives and businesses address a range of personal and professional financial goals. In addition to investment opportunities, COLI offers a number of advantages, such as tax-free growth, tax management and control, and tax-free distributions and death benefits. The Registered Variable Universal Life product offers over 80 insurance dedicated funds to choose from and can be purchased by a corporation of any size. The Private Placement Variable Universal Life product offers over 240 insurance dedicated funds and complete flexibility in product design. This product is only offered to accredited investors.






Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
Compensation can be a critical element to attract and retain valuable employees. For highly compensated earners, however, qualified plans place an annual compensation limit of $265,000 for the purposes of making contributions to a plan. One option that can give you and your key employees greater flexibility is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan from Empower.




162 Bonus Plan
The 162 Bonus Plan from Great-West Financial provides tax-advantaged retirement income through an individual variable universal life policy. This plan can be used as an after-tax non-qualified savings tool for business owners or can be offered as an employee benefit where the employer may pay all or part of the premium. 
To learn more about how Business Solutions from Great-West Financial can help solve your corporate clients’ most complex financial challenges, visit our Business Solutions Group.






Group Retirement Plans
Empower’s goal is to make this dream possible for everyone by harnessing the potential of new technologies, continually innovating plan designs and investment products, and providing the highest-quality service in the industry. Group retirement plans from Empower serve participants, employers, and our distribution partners.




Business Solutions
The Business Solutions Group is a dedicated staff of professionals with an average of over 10 years of experience in the life insurance and executive benefits business. We have created a specialized line of products to meet the personal and professional goals of high-net-worth executives. Our solutions include bank, corporate, and retirement markets, including the sale and in-house servicing of universal life and variable universal life policies that offer tax-efficient asset accumulation, asset management, and distribution strategies.
 Learn More






Empower Institutional
For more than 20 years, Empower Institutional has helped institutions build their brands and expand their retirement service offerings by providing them retirement plan recordkeeping services along with customizable, flexible and scalable solutions. As a behind-the-scenes extension of your organization, we empower institutions to:
							
Focus their energy and investments on their core competencies.
Remain on the leading edge of technology and innovations.
Create efficiencies that can add to their bottom line.
Maintain their autonomy and grow their client relationships.

 Learn More
























Great-West Funds, Inc.






























 




 


About Great-West Funds
Great-West Funds, Inc. offers over 60 mutual funds (each a "Fund"). Each Fund operates as a separate mutual fund and has its own investment objectives and strategies. Great-West Capital Management, LLC (GWCM) serves as the investment adviser to Great-West Funds. Great-West Funds and GWCM have entered into sub-advisory agreements with sub-advisers with respect to the investment and reinvestment of the assets of certain of the Funds.







      Highlights

Great-West Funds has launched a whole suite of institutional share classes. For more insight, check out this flier.
Great-West Financial® receives Lipper Fund Awards. Read press release.
Great-West Financial Senior Portfolio Manager Jonathan Kreider talks about the Great-West Aggressive Profile II Fund's strategy and what makes it stand out in the marketplace. Watch video.


 
Past performance is not a guarantee or prediction of future results. Results will vary for other time periods. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that, when redeemed, shares/units may be worth more or less than their original cost.
When information is obtained from Morningstar: ©2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. 
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses carefully before investing. For this and other important information, you may obtain a fund prospectus from your registered representative. Read it carefully before investing.





Shares of the Funds of Great-West Funds, Inc. (Great-West Funds) are sold only through their currently effective prospectuses.  Shares of certain Funds are not available to the general public but are offered only to insurance company separate accounts for certain variable annuity contracts and variable life policies, to individual retirement account (IRA) custodians or trustees, and to plan sponsors of certain qualified retirement plans.  Certain Funds are also available to college savings programs and to asset allocation funds that are series of Great-West Funds.  For those Funds that are not available to the general public, an individual investor cannot purchase shares of the Funds directly; rather, he or she must own a variable annuity contract, variable life insurance policy or IRA, or participate in a qualified retirement plan or college savings program that makes one or more of the Funds available for investment.

The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is GWFS Equities, Inc., an affiliate of Great-West Funds, Inc. GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.
            

            Great-West Financial® refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) and its subsidiaries and affiliates including Great-West Funds, Inc. and Great-West Capital Management, LLC (GWCM). Unless otherwise indicated, the trademarks, logos, service marks, and design elements used are owned by GWL&A. © 2009-2016, Great-West Funds, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Contact Us | Legal | Privacy Statement

 










Great-West Funds, Inc.




























 







The Great-West Funds Featured Solutions
At Great-West Financial, our heritage of offering funds to retirement investors for over 30 years has helped us create a process and philosophy to fund construction and management that gives us us the expertise and knowledge to provide innovative funds with  features not widely available to today's retirement  investor.
While differing in approach and targeted investor, the asset allocation process is consistent across our series of funds, whether you choose target date funds or risk based funds, the fund of fund construction, usage of sub-advised funds, and active and passive management remain consistent while focusing on the strategy of each individual series. 


Our Featured Funds

The Great-West Lifetime Funds
An innovative asset allocation solution that seeks to help investors improve retirement readiness.

                Learn more »


Great-West SecureFoundation® Funds
A solution that addresses the growing need for guaranteed retirement income.



                Learn more »


The Great-West Profile Funds
A convenient ready-made solution designed for investors who seek to invest based on their level of risk tolerance as they prepare for retirement.

Learn more »



In the area of asset allocation Great-West Funds has partnered with Morningstar Investment Management LLC1, an expert in asset allocation, for glidepath construction services.  This relationship exemplifies our approach to partnering with industry leaders when developing innovative asset allocation solutions for our investors.  







Asset Allocation Solutions
Great-West Funds' innovative solutions help investors build retirement readiness.
More » 






Asset Allocation Philosophy
Great-West Funds draw on the complementary expertise of Morningstar Investment Management LLC in asset allocation.
More » 






1 Morningstar Investment Management LLC is a registered investment adviser and a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Investment Management LLC and Morningstar are not affiliated with Great-West Funds, Inc., its parent company Great-West Life
  & Annuity Insurance Company, or any other affiliated companies and/or subsidiaries.            

  Shares of the Funds of Great-West Funds, Inc. (Great-West Funds) are sold only through their currently effective prospectuses.  Shares of certain Funds are not available to the general public but are offered only to insurance company separate accounts for certain variable annuity contracts and variable life policies, to individual retirement account (IRA) custodians or trustees, and to plan sponsors of certain qualified retirement plans.  Certain Funds are also available to college savings programs and to asset allocation funds that are series of Great-West Funds.  For those Funds that are not available to the general public, an individual investor cannot purchase shares of the Funds directly; rather, he or she must own a variable annuity contract, variable life insurance policy or IRA, or participate in a qualified retirement plan or college savings program that makes one or more of the Funds available for investment.

The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is GWFS Equities, Inc., an affiliate of Great-West Funds, Inc. GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.
  

            Great-West Financial® refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) and its subsidiaries and affiliates including Great-West Funds, Inc. and Great-West Capital Management, LLC (GWCM). Unless otherwise indicated, the trademarks, logos, service marks, and design elements used are owned by GWL&A. © 2009-2016, Great-West Funds, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Contact Us | Legal | Privacy Statement












Great-West Funds, Inc.




























 






Great-West Government Money Market Fund




Holdings
N-MFP
Daily Fund Information






Holdings Date
Download / Resource



 
Great-West Government Money Market Fund Holdings




Portfolio holdings as of June 30, 2017



Portfolio holdings as of May 31, 2017



Portfolio holdings as of April 28, 2017



Portfolio holdings as of March 31, 2017



Portfolio holdings as of February 28, 2017



Portfolio holdings as of January 31, 2017










 
Great-West Government Money Market Fund



N-MFP
Download / Resource



Form N-MFP filings for the Great-West Government Money Market Fund.










Date
Percentage of daily liquid assets
Percentage of weekly liquid assets
Net Inflows / (Outflows) 
                      Investor Class
Net Inflows / (Outflows) Institutional Class
NAV Investor Class
NAV Institutional Class























Asset Allocation Solutions
Great-West Funds' innovative solutions help investors build retirement readiness.
More » 





You could lose money by investing in the Great-West Government Money Market Fund (the “Fund”). Although the Fund seeks to preserve the
      value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed
      by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide
      financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

      Shares of the Funds of Great-West Funds, Inc. (Great-West Funds) are sold only through their currently effective prospectuses.  Shares of certain Funds are not available to the general public but are offered only to insurance company separate accounts for certain variable annuity contracts and variable life policies, to individual retirement account (IRA) custodians or trustees, and to plan sponsors of certain qualified retirement plans.  Certain Funds are also available to college savings programs and to asset allocation funds that are series of Great-West Funds.  For those Funds that are not available to the general public, an individual investor cannot purchase shares of the Funds directly; rather, he or she must own a variable annuity contract, variable life insurance policy or IRA, or participate in a qualified retirement plan or college savings program that makes one or more of the Funds available for investment.

      The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is GWFS Equities, Inc., an affiliate of Great-West Funds, Inc. GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company. 

      Great-West Financial® refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company of New York, White Plains, New York, and their subsidiaries and affiliates. 

Contact Us | Legal | Privacy Statement 
















Great-West Funds, Inc.




























 






Prospectuses & Fund Documents





FUNDS


FUND FACT SHEETS
(Initial Class Only)

PROSPECTUSES, SAI & REPORTS




International



Great-West International Index Fund 




Great-West MFS International Growth Fund 




Great-West MFS International Value Fund 




 
Small Cap




Great-West S&P Small Cap 600® Index   Fund 






Great-West Loomis Sayles Small Cap Value Fund 







Great-West Invesco Small Cap Value Fund 






Great-West Multi-Manager Small Cap Growth Fund







Mid Cap
                        

 


Great-West Ariel Mid Cap Value Fund 




Great-West Goldman Sachs Mid Cap Value Fund




Great-West S&P Mid Cap 400® Index Fund 




Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth   Fund





Large Cap
 



Great-West Multi-Manager Large Cap Growth   Fund




Great-West Putnam Equity Income Fund 




Great-West S&P 500® Index Fund 




Great-West Stock Index Fund 




Great-West T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund 




Real Estate
 


Great-West Real Estate Index Fund 





Bond 


Great-West Bond Index Fund 




Great-West Core Bond Fund 




Great-West Templeton Global Bond Fund 




Great-West Putnam High Yield Bond Fund




Great-West Loomis Sayles Bond Fund 




Great-West Short Duration Bond Fund 




Great-West U.S. Government Securities Fund 




 Money Market


Great-West Government Money Market Fund 






Profile Funds
 


Great-West Conservative Profile Fund




Great-West Moderately Conservative Profile Fund




Great-West Moderate Profile Fund




Great-West Moderately Aggressive Profile Fund




Great-West Aggressive Profile Fund




 
                        Lifetime Funds


Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2015 Fund 




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2020 Fund 




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2025 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2030 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2035 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2040 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2045 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2050 Fund




Great-West Lifetime Conservative 2055 Fund





Great-West Lifetime 2015 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2020 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2025 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2030 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2035 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2040 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2045 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2050 Fund




Great-West Lifetime 2055 Fund 




 

                        Great-West SecureFoundation® Funds



Great-West SecureFoundation® Balanced Fund 




Great-West SecureFoundation® Balanced ETF   Fund




Great-West   SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2015 Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2020   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2025   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2030   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2035   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2040   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2045   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2050   Fund




Great-West SecureFoundation® Lifetime 2055   Fund




 

                        Statements of Additional Information



Statement of Additional Information 
 


Statement of Additional Information for the Great-West
SecureFoundation® Balanced ETF Fund
 


 

                        XBRL



Great-West   Funds XBRL Data 





                        Glossary of Terms

 



Please consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses carefully before investing. For this and other important information, you may obtain mutual fund prospectuses from your registered representative. Read them carefully before investing.





Asset Allocation Solutions
Great-West Funds' innovative solutions help investors build retirement readiness.
More Âť 





 Shares of the Funds of Great-West Funds, Inc. (Great-West Funds) are sold only through their currently effective prospectuses.  Shares of certain Funds are not available to the general public but are offered only to insurance company separate accounts for certain variable annuity contracts and variable life policies, to individual retirement account (IRA) custodians or trustees, and to plan sponsors of certain qualified retirement plans.  Certain Funds are also available to college savings programs and to asset allocation funds that are series of Great-West Funds.  For those Funds that are not available to the general public, an individual investor cannot purchase shares of the Funds directly; rather, he or she must own a variable annuity contract, variable life insurance policy or IRA, or participate in a qualified retirement plan or college savings program that makes one or more of the Funds available for investment.

            The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is GWFS Equities, Inc., an affiliate of Great-West Funds, Inc. GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.


            Great-West Financial® refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company of New York, White Plains, New York, and their subsidiaries and affiliates. 

Contact Us | Legal | Privacy Statement 











Great-West Funds, Inc.




























 






Contact Us
By Phone
(866) 831-7129
By Mail
8515 E. Orchard Road
                Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111
            
By Email
GreatWestFunds@greatwest.com*


*Please do not put any confidential or personal information in an email request.





Asset Allocation Solutions
Great-West Funds' innovative solutions help investors build retirement readiness.
More Âť 






Asset Allocation Philosophy
Great-West Funds draw on the complementary expertise of Morningstar Investment Management LLC in asset allocation.
More Âť 




 Shares of the Funds of Great-West Funds, Inc. (Great-West Funds) are sold only through their currently effective prospectuses.  Shares of certain Funds are not available to the general public but are offered only to insurance company separate accounts for certain variable annuity contracts and variable life policies, to individual retirement account (IRA) custodians or trustees, and to plan sponsors of certain qualified retirement plans.  Certain Funds are also available to college savings programs and to asset allocation funds that are series of Great-West Funds.  For those Funds that are not available to the general public, an individual investor cannot purchase shares of the Funds directly; rather, he or she must own a variable annuity contract, variable life insurance policy or IRA, or participate in a qualified retirement plan or college savings program that makes one or more of the Funds available for investment.

The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is GWFS Equities, Inc., an affiliate of Great-West Funds, Inc. GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company.


            Great-West Financial® refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) and its subsidiaries and affiliates including Great-West Funds, Inc. and Great-West Capital Management, LLC (GWCM). Unless otherwise indicated, the trademarks, logos, service marks, and design elements used are owned by GWL&A. © 2009-2016, Great-West Funds, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Contact Us | Legal | Privacy Statement 
























Empower Retirement IRAThis Logo is a linkHomeContact UsAAA


IRACenter

GreatWest

Empower Retirement Advisory Services
Fees and Minimums
Investment Options
Great-West Profile Funds
Great-West Lifetime Funds
Open an IRA



IRAeducation

Roth IRA vs. Traditional IRA
Funding an IRA
Withdrawals
Glossary
Consolidating Accounts
Calculators


Thought Leadership

Executive Summary
White Paper


RetirementIncome



Product Documents
About Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company
Product  Terminology
Apply Today




Access Your Account





UsernamePIN:Forgot Username or PIN?

First Time Visiting?Let's Get Started!



 Empower Retirement IRA
 / Great-West Profile Funds
 Great-West Profile Funds
The risk-based Great-West Profile Funds1, 2 can be selected to correlate with your investor style. The options available to you range from conservative to aggressive. When you choose one of these options, you get instant diversification and automatic rebalancing, which means that the fund's asset allocation is rebalanced periodically to ensure market forces don't cause it to get off track from its intended investment objective.* 


In addition to the instant diversification and automatic rebalancing, there are two additional benefits you get when you select a risk-based Great-West Profile Fund:
        
      


Professional Management – The Great-West Profile Funds are professionally managed by portfolio managers who monitor the fund performance, analyze the underlying funds in each asset class quarterly, and adjust the mix at least once annually. 
        
Convenience – The Great-West Profile Funds are ready-made investments. You choose the investment fund that matches your risk comfort, ranging from conservative to aggressive. 
        


While you can invest in any of Empower Retirement IRA's other investment options at the same time, selecting just one risk-based Great-West Profile Funds may be all you really need—or want.
        
      

        If you choose a risk-based Great-West Profile Fund, you should still regularly review your investment options, risk tolerance and goals, and make adjustments if your personal circumstances change. 
        
      

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses carefully before investing. For this and other important information, you may obtain mutual fund prospectuses and/or disclosure documents from your registered representative. Read them carefully before investing. 

  Need help making your investment selection? Learn more about Empower Retirement Advisory Services. 
 
Open an IRA –  Empower Retirement IRA  
 
NEED HELP?
        Please consult with your financial advisor,   call (877) 804-6257 to speak to a retirement consultant, or 
      email us at RetirementSolutionsCenter@empower-retirement.com.
 

1 Asset allocation funds may be subject to a fund operating expense at the fund level, as well as prorated fund operating expenses of each underlying fund in which they invest. For more information, please refer to the fund prospectus. 
2 The principal underwriter of Great-West Funds, Inc. is its affiliate GWFS Equities, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC. The Great-West Profile Funds are managed by Great-West Capital Management, LLC (GWCM) and may invest in other funds advised by GWCM, funds that are sub-advised by affiliated and unaffiliated sub-advisers retained by GWCM, funds that are advised by affiliated and unaffiliated investment advisers of GWCM, and in a fixed interest contract issued and guaranteed by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A). Great-West Funds, Inc. and GWCM are subsidiaries of GWL&A.
* Diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit and do not protect against loss in declining markets.








System Req. menu level 1 item 1 of 8Security menu level 1 item 2 of 8Privacy menu level 1 item 3 of 8Business Continuity Plan menu level 1 item 4 of 8Contact Us menu level 1 item 5 of 8Broker Check Notification menu level 1 item 6 of 8Market Timing & Excessive Trading Policies menu level 1 item 7 of 8About Us menu level 1 item 8 of 8
 Find Us Here:   

Securities available through Empower Brokerage are offered by GWFS Equities, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, member FINRA/SIPC.  Clearing, settlement, custody, and other brokerage services are provided by Pershing LLC, member FINRA/NYSE/SIPC. Pershing LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation.  Additional information may be obtained by calling 800-338-4015.  GWFS Equities, Inc. and Pershing, LLC are separate and unaffiliated brokerage firms.  Accounts are subject to review and approval of GWFS Equities, Inc.

Representatives of GWFS Equities, Inc. are not registered investment advisors and cannot offer financial, legal or tax advice. Please consult with your financial planner, attorney and/or tax advisor as needed.

  Empower Retirement refers to products and services provided by Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) and its subsidiaries, including GWFS Equities, Inc. and Great-West Trust Company, LLC. The trademarks, logos, service marks, and design elements used are owned by GWL&A. 

  ©2016 Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company. All rights reserved. 
  

  Unless otherwise noted: NOT FDIC, NCUA/NCUSIF INSURED | NOT A DEPOSIT | NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK OR CREDIT UNION | NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY | FUNDS MAY LOSE VALUE | NOT A CONDITION OF ANY BANKING OR CREDIT UNION ACTIVITY

  Access to any website may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrades/maintenance or other reasons.

  Use of this site constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
 

Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by Great-West Capital Management, LLC. It is co-managed by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in growth stocks of mid-cap companies, within the market capitalization range of the S&P MidCap 400 Index or the Russell MidCap Growth Index. It employs fundamental analysis with a focus on factors such as companies that offer proven products or services, have a historical record of above-average...
Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by Great-West Capital Management, LLC. It is co-managed by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in growth stocks of mid-cap companies, within the market capitalization range of the S&P MidCap 400 Index or the Russell MidCap Growth Index. It employs fundamental analysis with a focus on factors such as companies that offer proven products or services, have a historical record of above-average earnings growth, demonstrate potential for sustained earnings growth, have a connection to industries experiencing increasing demand, or have stock prices that appear to undervalue their growth prospects, demand for the company’s products or services, production costs, financial market conditions, changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, and company’s financial condition to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P MidCap 400 Index and Russell MidCap Growth Index. It was formerly known as Maxim Series Fund, Inc. - Maxim T. Rowe Price MidCap Growth Portfolio. Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund was formed on July 1, 1997 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


8525 East Orchard RoadGreenwood Village, CO 80111United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 303-737-6010

Fax: 303-737-3827








Key Executives for Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund




Mr. Mitchell Thomas Grenfell Graye


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Graham Richard McDonald


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. Ryan L. Logsdon


      	Assistant Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 43
        







Mr. Brian W. H. Berghuis CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 59
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Great-West Funds, Inc. - Great-West T. Rowe Price Mid Cap Growth Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Great-West Funds Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























great-west funds inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Great-West Funds Inc is an investment management firm. The Company offers mutual funds and asset management solutions for retirement markets.




Corporate Information
Address:

8515 East Orchard Road
Greenwood  Village, CO 80111
United States


Phone:
1-866-831-7129


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.greatwestfunds.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Stephen McConahey
Sgm Capital




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









