










 




Go Green 











Go Green 









Go Green America Recycling, LLC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Go Green America Recycling, LLCGGo Green America Recycling, LLCEDITLocationWeirton, WVRevenue$–Total Funding$–Founded2012Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitegogreencmr.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Go Green America Recycling, LLCGo Green America RecyclingKeywordsbuilding materials,industrial,recycling,green,americaGo Green America Recycling, LLC CompetitorsCrystal Window & Door SystemsBuy vinyl windows and aluminum windows for residential, commercial...SSOPREMA CanadaExperts de l’innovation au service des bâtisseursGGolden State Lumber, IncGolden State Lumber has been serving bay area homeowners and...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Go Green America Recycling, LLCNo recent news on Go Green America Recycling, LLC could be found.Submit recent news for Go Green America Recycling, LLCBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service



Green America Recycling  Llc in Hannibal, MO 63401 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Missouri
» Hannibal
» Trash Hauling Companies
» Green America Recycling  Llc













Green America Recycling  Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





10107 Highway 79  Hannibal, Missouri 63401


(573) 248-0730
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Green America Recycling  Llc is located at the address 10107 Highway 79 in Hannibal, Missouri 63401.  They can be contacted via phone at (573) 248-0730 for pricing, hours and directions.  Green America Recycling  Llc specializes in Yards, Steel, Solid Waste.  Green America Recycling  Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Matt  Nelson, Plant Manager or  go to www.greenamericarecycling.comGreen America Recycling  Llc provides Tree Work, Consultations, Estimates to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Green America Recycling  Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Green America Recycling  Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Cans
, Compactors
, Trailers
, Loaders
, Containers



SERVICES


Commercial Services
, Hauling
, Commercial Projects
, Tree Work
, Sodding
, Estimates
, Repairs
, Excavating
, Transfers
, Consultations


 SPECIALTIES


Stainless Steel
, Solid Waste
, Appliances
, Steel
, Garages
, Houses / Homes
, Sand
, Cans
, Yards
, Municipal Projects



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (573) 248-0730
Website: www.greenamericarecycling.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 110000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Trash Hauling Companies
Waste Hauling & Removal
Waste Management & Cleanup Services



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Matt  Nelson
PLANT MANAGER
Phone: (573) 248-0730 
 



Ray  Howard
DIRECTOR OF SALES
Phone: (573) 248-0730 
 



Angela  Dillman
OFFICE MANAGER
Phone: (573) 248-0730 
 



Leonard  Rosenkrans
ENVIRONMENTAL SPECIALIST
Phone: (573) 248-0730 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM




























| Green America












      Skip to main content
    




Close window

Let us inspire you!
Take action against corporate greed, learn new ways to reduce your impact on the planet, and learn about green products you never knew existed.












 Optional Member Code 



Green America never gives out your email.






















                            
                            Growing the Green Economy for People and Planet
            



















About UsOur MissionFinancial and Annual ReportOur StaffBoard of DirectorsJobs and InternshipsPrivacy and PolicyVictoriesGet InvolvedTake ActionBecome A MemberConnectOther Ways to GiveFor Green BusinessesNews & Media








DONATEJoinMonthly GivingRenewLeader Gift





Search


Search









ClimateFoodFinanceLaborSocial JusticeGreen Living





















 







65,000 Trees Are Cut Down Every Year for Smithsonian Magazine





 Take Action 











 







Amazon: Build A Cleaner Cloud





 Take Action 











 







Nano is a no-no. Don't use babies as lab rats.





 Take Action 













Previous


Pause


Next






    65,000 Trees Cut Every Year for Smithsonian Magazine
  





    Amazon: Build A Cleaner Cloud
  





    Nano is a no-no. Don't use babies as lab rats.
  




















Our MissionOur mission is to harness economic power—the strength of consumers, investors, businesses, and the marketplace—to create a socially just and environmentally sustainable society.




Green Your Life Green Your Business












 
Climate


 
Food
















 
Finance


 
Labor


 
Social Justice


 
Green Living















Highlights












  
 


 What Does It Mean to Vote With Your Dollars? 

















  
 

 













  
 


 Green Wedding Gift Ideas from Our Staff 



















  
 

 
 
 

















  
 

 
 

















Latest News












 


 Take Action for Resistance Summer: Week 2 
 

















 




Getting Scrappy: A New Life for Food Waste





















Green American Magazine






Special Issue: Guide to Social Investing and Better Banking

You don’t have to be rich to be a social investor. All you need is the will to use your money to support your values—and the kind of world you want to see for the future. People who bank and invest in a socially responsible manner arguably have never been more important to the health of humanity and the Earth.


Featured Articles
 You Can Invest in Change: Pick an IssueVote with Your Investments for a Better WorldDoes Social Investing Affect Performance?Social Investing at Every AgeHow Karen and Joe Greened Their InvestmentsAnatomy of a Proxy BallotDivestment: A Powerful Tool for ChangeBreak Up with Your Megabank in 10 Easy StepsFive Cool (and Free) Tools for Financial Wellness 



 
 






Read the Magazine Past Issues






















 



Together, we can protect the world's most vulnerable people and our precious planet.
Become a monthly donor!


$7 $10 $15 $20 OTHER

GIVE





Move forward. Push back.
Use your voice for people and planet.

























 
©2017 Green America








Take ActionGet UpdatesBlogSupport UsPrivacy PolicyContact Us



Affiliated Sites

Center for Sustainability SolutionsGreen Business NetworkGreen PagesGMO InsideGreen Festival



1612 K Street NW, Suite 600, Washington DC 20006
Phone: (800) 584-7336      Fax: (202) 331-8166



Green America's website is sponsored by Green America members and 
 




Terms and ConditionsSite Credits







Connect With Us

























Log in

























Green America Recycling LLC | Hannibal, MO



























Green America Recycling LLC
Green America Recycling LLC
10107 Highway 79, Hannibal, MO 63401 • 573-248-0730






                  Website
                




                Directions
              






Continental Cement is one of only 12 cement manufacturers permitted to handle federally-regulated hazardous waste materials as a fuel source, and one of only two cement manufacturers permitted to handle federally-regulated solid hazardous waste materials.
These materials include a wide range of recycled industrial by-products and waste materials.
All material that we recycle undergoes an extensive pre-qualification process as dictated by federal and state regulations.
Waste materials account for nearly 50 % of our annual fuel requirements, compared to the industry average of 10 %.
Listed below are examples of the waste materials recycled by Green America Recycling on an annual basis and some of the impact they have on the environment.

Liquid hazardous waste – 78,000,000 pounds of material such as chlorinated and non-chlorinated solvents, flammable paints, refinery liquids and oils are burned for energy recovery.
Solid hazardous waste – 40,000,000 pounds of material such as solvent contaminated rags, debris, spill clean up media and refinery wastes are burned for energy recovery.
Metals – 1,000,000 pounds of metal are properly recycled and prevented from going to landfills.
Pallets – 3,000 delivery pallets are recycled for reuse.
Used motor oil and used paint / paint-related materials are collected periodically as part of a local community recycling program.
On average, over 110,000,000 pounds of hazardous materials are burned for energy recovery and thus excluded from landfills or non-productive incineration. This equates to over 100,000,000 pounds of coal resources that are preserved.



Acceptable Materials

mixed media/debris/devices
inorganic liquids
organic liquids
inorganic solids
organic solids
organic sludges



Contact Details


Street Address


                  10107 Highway 79Hannibal, MO 63401
                                  


Phone                  &                  Fax              


                P: 573-248-0730                F: (573) 221-8487              




Hours of Operation
24/7















 

×
 Request Pricing


Fill out the form below to request pricing for your waste and we will get back to you with more information. Thank you!
    
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required


Your Name *



Company Name *



Email *



Phone Number *



Address Line 1 *



Address Line 2





City *





State / Province







Zip / Postal Code *





Country *

Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint LUCIA
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe






Source Generating this Waste *

  Residential
      
  Commercial
      
  Industrial/Remedial
    

Common Name of Waste *



How was this waste generated? *



One-time shipment or ongoing? *

  One-Time
      
  Ongoing
    

How much do you have accumulated for disposal? *



How is the waste being stored? *



Where is the waste going now? *



How Urgent is This Request? (Not urgent, needs removed now, etc.) *





























Green America Recycling LLC Locations | Facility Locator

























Green America Recycling LLC
Visit Website 


Green America Recycling operates a Part B permitted RCRA Treatment, Storage and Disposal (TSD) facility adjacent to the cement plant in Hannibal, Missouri. GAR’s full-service capability includes waste stream pre-qualification, unloading and processing of RCRA hazardous and non-hazardous solids and liquids.

GAR can accept a wide variation of waste materials, to include, but not limited to: refinery still bottoms, paint solids, tars, solvents, degreasers, off-spec chemicals, dry powders, debris and etc. Acceptable waste containers include: drums, end dumps, totes, roll-offs, sludge/vacuum boxes, tank trucks, cubic yard boxes and bags, rail intermodels, rail tankers, rail gondolas. Processing systems center around totally enclosed blending and processing buildings that vent organic vapors to the burning zone of the kiln.
Processing facilities operate 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Deliveries are typically accepted Monday through Friday and delivery times are established in accordance with a pre-arranged scheduling, including the flexibility of “drop and swap”. GAR operates a fully capable waste fuel laboratory, offering on-site analytical services to meet facility processing and regulatory analytical requirements.


Locations





Green America Recycling LLC

                    10107 Highway 79Hannibal, MO 63401
                  

View Details




















Home | Continental Cement





















































































ESTABLISHED LEADER IN ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP

Learn More
 


























WELCOME TO CONTINENTAL CEMENT COMPANY, LLC
A wholly-owned subsidiary of Summit Materials (NYSE: SUM). We have two manufacturing facilities located in Davenport, Iowa, and Hannibal, Missouri, with distribution facilities in Des Moines, Iowa, and along the Mississippi River from Minneapolis, Minnesota, to New Orleans, Louisiana.
Our corporate office is located in Chesterfield, Missouri.
About Us










Latest NewsMore









July 28, 2014by IT Help Desk
Cement Plant earns EPA’s Energy Star Certification
Continental Cement has earned the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) ENERGY STAR certification, which signifies that the facility performs in the top 25 percent of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency and meets strict energy efficiency performance levels set by the EPA. Continental Cement improved its energy performance by managing energy strategically across the entire […]
Continue Reading







March 31, 2014by admin
Continental Cement Unveils New Website
Chesterfield, MO – In partnership with Liberty Programming LLC, Continental Cement is proud to announce the unveiling of its new corporate website (http://www.continentalcement.com/). This fresh and remodeled website contains many new features including a fully integrated responsive design (compatible with mobile devices), newsletter sign up feature, and new updated content. We look forward to hearing […]
Continue Reading







March 31, 2014by admin
Continental Cement – Regular Loading Hours
To Our Hannibal Plant Customers:  Regular Loading Hours will go back into effect on Monday, March 24, 2014. Throughout the main shipping season (staffed) loading hours will be: 12:01 a.m. Monday – 4:00 p.m. Saturday (continuous 24-hour loading)  Hannibal’s Self-Service Loading (SSL) system is available on a 24-hour, 7-day per week basis. Should you require special loading […]
Continue Reading











Sales Contacts
For any other location not listed on the map, please contact our Corporate Office located in Chesterfield, MO.(636) 532-7440 or (800) 625-1144

Read More
 




Technical Services
Continental Cement is committed to providing consistent quality and superior service to our customers. Our technical services engineer can provide a wide range of services...

Read More
 




Green America Recycling
Since 1986, Green America Recycling has safely and effectively utilized waste materials to supplement coal as a fuel for the cement manufacturing process. 

Read More
 







CONTINENTAL CEMENT COMPANY, LLCCONSISTENT QUALITY, SUPERIOR SERVICE

Cement Loading Hours









TestimonialsMore









Bridget Bleigh
Bleigh Ready Mix
General Manager




"In 1977 when our family construction company ventured out to start a ready mix division Continental Cement Company was there to provide cement to us. Now in our 3rd generation of ready mix, Continental Cement Company is still providing quality controlled cement to us." (...)










Craig Albrecht
Metro Ready Mix
Vice President 




"Continental Cement is a very good supplier that treats us right with a sales staff that is always friendly and helpful.  Their terminal and plant are very clean and safe; they load our trucks quickly so we can get back on the road.  Continental always has the material when we need it, and I like their cement as well any product that I've ever used." (...)











Subscribe to Blog via Email















































Green America Recycling






















































































PERMITTED COMMERCIAL HAZARDOUS WASTE STORAGE AND TREATMENT

Learn More
 


























WELCOME TO GREEN AMERICA RECYCLING

Since 1986, Green America Recycling has safely utilized waste materials to supplement coal as a fuel for the cement manufacturing process. These alternative fuels (waste materials) are an effective source of fuel that provides the needed energy to produce a quality cement product. Green America Recycling operates a Part B permitted RCRA treatment, storage, and disposal (TSD) facility adjacent to Continental Cement in Hannibal, Missouri. 
About Us










Latest News+ More










January 5, 2015by admin
Green America Recycling Unveils New Website
Hannibal, MO – In partnership with Liberty Programming LLC, Green America Recycling is proud to announce the unveiling of its new website (http://www.greenamericarecycling.com/). This fresh and remodeled website contains many new features including a fully integrated responsive design (compatible with mobile devices), a newsletter sign up feature and much more. We look forward to hearing […]
Continue Reading







January 3, 2015by admin
Community Collection Days
Hannibal, MO – Dates for Community Collection events are to be determined. We’ll post them to the website once they have been determined.
Continue Reading







November 5, 2014by admin
Hannibal Regional Hospital Charity Clay Shoot
Hannibal, MO – U.S. Bank, Continental Cement, Green America Recycling, along with Tom Boland Ford as the Platinum Sponsor, present a $8,357.33 check to the Hannibal Regional Hospital Foundation. Accepting the check is Foundation President/CEO Wendy Harrington. Proceeds from the 1st Annual Sporting Charity Clay Shoot, coordinated by U.S. Bank, Continental Cement, and Green America […]
Continue Reading











Sales
For any other location not listed on the map, please contact our Corporate Office located in Chesterfield, MO. (636) 532-7440 or (800) 625-1144.

Read More
 




Environment
We are an stablished leader in environmental stewardship. We provide important voluntary services to the community.

Read More
 




Continental Cement
A privately held, American-owned cement manufacturer. Parent Company 

Read More
 







BUILDING ONA SOLID REPUTATION

CAREERS










Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.



































