

	Green Bonds (GRNB) - Income with Impact Explained- VanEck





















































 




 Corporate Home    



VanEck 



Home 

Choose Your ETF 

About VanEck   
   

















   




Green Bonds – Income with Impact 



 Print   





























 
Green bonds are issued to fund projects or activities that have a positive impact on the environment. Supranational organizations, banks, corporations and governments have increasingly recognized green bonds as an essential tool to finance climate-related and other environmental projects. Most green bonds are structurally identical to “plain vanilla” conventional bonds, but are distinguished by a clearly disclosed “green” use of proceeds.



Energy
Information technology  


Buildings
Waste and pollution  


Industry
Agriculture and forestry  


Transport
Adaptation   
   













Fund Summary

Access bonds issued to finance projects that have a positive impact on the environment
An ESG solution for a core global bond portfolio
Index includes only bonds flagged as “green” by the Climate Bonds Initiative

















 
Green Bond Issuance has Surged
 

 
Source: Climate Bonds Initiative. As of 12/31/2016. Not intended to be a forecast of future results, a guarantee of future results or investment advice. Current market conditions may not continue.   















Fund Resources

 
 Fund Profile 
 
 Fund Overview   

Contact Us to Learn More

 (800) 826-2333   
















Videos and Podcasts



    
 Introduction to Green Bonds (8:00) 
            Fran Rodilosso, Head of Fixed Income ETF Portfolio Management,  and Ed Lopez, Head of ETF Product Management



    
 ETF Store Interview (17:55) 
            William Sokol, ETFs Product Manager explains the idea behind green bonds and spotlights the VanEck Vectors Green Bond ETF (GRNB)



 


 



    
 Green Bonds: Income with Impact (8:57) 
            Tim Edwards, Senior Director, Index Investment Strategy, S&P Dow Jones Indices and Martina Macpherson, Senior Director, Global Head of Sustainability Indices, S&P Dow Jones Indices


    
 Tackle Climate Risk with Green Bonds (12:44) 
            William Sokol, ETFs Product Manager, and Justine Leigh-Bell, Director of Market Development, Climate Bonds Initiative



 





















Fund Details



Ticker

GRNB              


Management Fee
0.35% 

Other Expenses
0.12% 

Gross Expense Ratio
0.47% 

Fee Waivers and Expenses                                                                                                                                                                          
                Reimbursement
-0.07% 

Net Expenses Ratio*
0.40%   
*Expenses for GRNB are capped contractually at 0.40% until 09/01/18. Cap excludes certain expenses, such as interest.






























Receive Your Guide to Green Bonds Now
Complete the form below to receive your guide.   















































Important Disclosure
An investment in the Fund may be subject to risks which include, among others, credit rating downgrades, issuers that may be unable and/or unwilling to make timely interest payments and/or repay the principal on its debt, high yield securities risk, call risk, and interest rate risk, all of which may adversely affect the Fund. International investing involves additional risks which include greater market volatility, the availability of less reliable financial information, higher transactional and custody costs, taxation by foreign governments, decreased market liquidity and political instability. Changes in currency exchange rates may negatively impact the Fund's return. The Fund's assets may be concentrated in a particular sector and may be subject to more risk than investments in a diverse group of sectors.
The S&P Green Bond Select Index (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates ("SPDJI").  Standard & Poor's® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"). VanEck Vectors Green Bond ETF (the "Fund") is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, any of their respective affiliates (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices"). Neither S&P Dow Jones Indices make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Fund or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Fund particularly or the ability of the Index to track general market performance.  S&P Dow Jones Indices only relationship to Van Eck Associates Corporation ("VanEck") with respect to the Index is the licensing of the Index and certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its licensors.  The Index is determined, composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices without regard to VanEck or the Fund. S&P Dow Jones Indices has no obligation to take the needs of VanEck or the owners of the Fund into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index. S&P Dow Jones Indices is not responsible for and has not participated in the determination of the prices, and amount of the Fund or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Fund or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Fund is to be converted into cash, surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be. S&P Dow Jones Indices have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Fund. There is no assurance that investment products based on the Index will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns.  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an investment advisor.  Inclusion of a security within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.
S&P DOW JONES INDICES DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES INDICES MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY VANECK, OWNERS OF THE FUND, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND VANECK, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.
Index returns are not Fund returns and do not reflect any management fees or brokerage expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in the Index. Returns for actual Fund investors may differ from what is shown because of differences in timing, the amount invested and fees and expenses. Index returns assume that dividends have been reinvested.
The "Net Asset Value" (NAV) of a VanEck Vectors exchange-traded fund (ETF) is determined at the close of each business day, and represents the dollar value of one share of the fund; it is calculated by taking the total assets of the fund, subtracting total liabilities, and dividing by the total number of shares outstanding. The NAV is not necessarily the same as the ETF's intraday trading value.  VanEck Vectors ETF investors should not expect to buy or sell shares at NAV.
Fund shares are not individually redeemable and will be issued and redeemed at their NAV only through certain authorized broker-dealers in large, specified blocks of shares called creation units and otherwise can be bought and sold only through exchange trading. Shares may trade at a premium or discount to their NAV in the secondary market.
Investing involves substantial risk and high volatility, including possible loss of principal. Bonds and bond funds will generally decrease in value as interest rates rise. An investor should consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses of a Fund carefully before investing. To obtain a prospectus and summary prospectus, which contains this and other information, call 800.826.2333 or visit www.vaneck.com. Please read the prospectus and summary prospectus carefully before investing.  

              Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor 
              666 Third Avenue 
              New York, NY 10017 800.826.2333©  VanEck.




  

















































Contact Details
Corporate Home Offices
(212) 293-2000  
 666 Third Avenue 
          New York, NY 10017 


Follow Us
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 YouTube  






 ©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.  


  


































×













Air Products and Chemicals Inc. (APD) Shares Sold by Green Valley Investors LLC


























































 




















Agriculture

Recent News
Chemical Usage Reports
Fertilizers & Chemicals
Major Land Usage


Air

Recent News
Air Quality Index Report


Climate

Recent News
CO2 Emissions by Fuel
CO2 Emissions by Sector
CO2 Emissions by Year
Emissions Breakdown Reports
Emissions by Type of Gas


Compliance/Enforcement

Recent News
EPA Fugitives


Emergency Response

Recent News
Response Readiness
Response (Haz. Substances)
Response (Oil Spills)


Energy

Recent News
Alternative Fuels Glossary
Energy Generation Methods
Green Power Locator
Official State Energy Statistics


Government Committees

All Committee News
Energy Ind/Global Warming
Environment and Public Works
Natural Resources


Grants and Awards

Recent News


Hazardous Waste

Recent News


International

Recent News


Pesticides/Toxic Chemicals

Recent News
Fertilizers & Chemicals
PCB Facility Reports
Pesticide Regulatory Agencies


Radiation/Nuclear

Recent News
Nuclear Testing by Country
Nuclear Testing Locations


Research

Recent News


Speeches

Environmental Speeches


Trash and Recycling

Recent News
By Material
By Durable Goods
By Non-Durable Goods
By Type of Packaging


Water

Recent News
Ground vs Surface
Water Systems
Water Quality Reports


Wildlife

Recent News
















Air Products and Chemicals Inc. (APD) Shares Sold by Green Valley Investors LLC
Provided by Sports Perspectives
            [ View all News Headlines ]
    
            




    
            Citigroup Inc. upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $139.00 to $165.00 in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Monness Crespi & Hardt upgraded Air ...            Read Complete Story








 
Green Tips
 






        Take advantage of carpools and ride-share programs. You can cut your weekly fuel costs in half and save wear on your car if you take turns driving with other commuters. Many urban areas allow vehicles with multiple passengers to use High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lanes which are typically less congested, further improving your fuel economy.        
        






 
Featured Report
 





CO2 Emissions by Sector
        See the sectors that are most responsible for carbon dioxide emission        
View Report >>







 
Green Building
 





Sustainable Building Advisor Program- The Next Great Step
        Beyond LEED - check out The Sustainable Building Advisor Program....Read Complete Article >>

All Green Building Articles








 
Related Headlines
 





Bowling Green Recycling Center not accepting glass - Toledo News ...

The Bowling Green Recycling Center is no longer accepting glass because of a lack of funds.

Green Square Capital LLC Has $163000 Stake in Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (HLX)

Cowen and Company raised Helix Energy Solutions Group from a "market perform" rating to an "outperform" rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $8.00 to $10.00 in a research note on Monday, June 5th. Finally, Morgan Stanley ...

Global Packaged Coconut Water Market 2017 - Green Coco Europe, Coco Cola, Mac Foods, PepsiCo, Amy & Brian ...

Packaged Coconut Water Market Supported by comprehensive primary as well as secondary research, the report Global Packaged Coconut Water Industry 2017 presents profitable market insights. This market research report has deployed suggestions from ...
















Home |
    Contact Us |
    News |
    Green Jobs |
    Privacy |
    
RSS FEEDS






















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















		
		
		Green Valley Investors Lowered Wal (WMT) Holding, SS&C Technologies Holdings Has 1.54 Sentiment - Key Gazette
		
		
		
		

 


















 














































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News
Contact






Green Valley Investors Lowered Wal (WMT) Holding, SS&C Technologies Holdings Has 1.54 Sentiment


					

						July 28, 2017 - By Marie Mckinney

SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. is a holding company. The company has market cap of $8.06 billion. The Firm is a well-known provider of software products and software-enabled services that allow financial services providers to automate complex business processes and manage their information processing requirements. It has a 47.47 P/E ratio. The Company’s portfolio of software products and software-enabled services allows its clients to automate and integrate front-office functions, such as trading and modeling, middle-office functions, such as portfolio management and reporting, and back-office functions, such as accounting, performance measurement, reconciliation, reporting, processing and clearing.
Green Valley Investors Llc decreased Wal (WMT) stake by 2.85% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Green Valley Investors Llc sold 38,717 shares as Wal (WMT)’s stock rose 13.55%. The Green Valley Investors Llc holds 1.32 million shares with $91.10M value, down from 1.36 million last quarter. Wal now has $241.19B valuation. The stock declined 0.28% or $0.22 reaching $79.56 per share. About 2.98M shares traded. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has risen 13.83% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 2.87% the S&P500.






 About 725,803 shares traded. SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) has risen 26.42% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 9.72% the S&P500.
Ratings analysis reveals 100% of SS&C Techs’s analysts are positive. Out of 3 Wall Street analysts rating SS&C Techs, 3 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 0 recommend “Hold”. SSNC was included in 4 notes of analysts from July 30, 2015. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Macquarie Research given on Friday, August 28. The firm has “Buy” rating by Needham given on Thursday, July 30. Macquarie Research upgraded the shares of SSNC in report on Thursday, February 16 to “Outperform” rating. As per Tuesday, September 27, the company rating was upgraded by Morgan Stanley.
Turtle Creek Asset Management Inc. holds 7.66% of its portfolio in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. for 1.45 million shares. Park Presidio Capital Llc owns 1.44 million shares or 6.28% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Incline Global Management Llc has 5.56% invested in the company for 1.39 million shares. The New York-based Southpoint Capital Advisors Lp has invested 5.35% in the stock. Msd Partners L.P., a New York-based fund reported 2.85 million shares.
Among 33 analysts covering Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), 15 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 17 Hold. Therefore 45% are positive. Wal-Mart Stores Inc had 91 analyst reports since August 14, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Thursday, March 31 the stock rating was maintained by Barclays Capital with “Equal-Weight”. The stock of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) earned “Hold” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Friday, January 20. The company was maintained on Friday, August 19 by Telsey Advisory Group. The firm earned “Neutral” rating on Wednesday, November 18 by M Partners. The stock of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) earned “Overweight” rating by JP Morgan on Friday, January 8. The firm earned “Market Perform” rating on Friday, November 18 by Telsey Advisory Group. As per Monday, August 22, the company rating was maintained by BMO Capital Markets. As per Tuesday, May 3, the company rating was initiated by RBC Capital Markets. The stock of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has “Buy” rating given on Friday, September 30 by Guggenheim. The company was maintained on Sunday, August 23 by Deutsche Bank.
Since February 22, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 35 selling transactions for $7.18 billion activity. WALTON JIM C also sold $264.02 million worth of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) shares. $314.12M worth of stock was sold by WALTON S ROBSON on Wednesday, February 22. $90.35 million worth of stock was sold by WALTON ALICE L on Friday, May 26. Canney Jacqueline P had sold 1,322 shares worth $104,113 on Tuesday, May 23. 5,142 shares valued at $408,070 were sold by Chojnowski David on Friday, May 19. On Wednesday, May 24 the insider Gearhart Jeffrey J sold $868,299.
Analysts await Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) to report earnings on August, 17 before the open. They expect $1.06 earnings per share, down 0.93% or $0.01 from last year’s $1.07 per share. WMT’s profit will be $3.21 billion for 18.76 P/E if the $1.06 EPS becomes a reality. After $1.00 actual earnings per share reported by Wal-Mart Stores Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 6.00% EPS growth. 



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Uss Investment Management LTD Has Cut Public Svc Enterprise Group (PEG) Holding


Leerink Swann Reaffirms $199.0000 Target Price On Align Tech (ALGN), Reaffirms Buy Rating, Profile of 6 Analysts Covering Hecla Mining Company (HL)


Fidelity National Financial (FNFV) Reaches $17.05 High on Jul, 28; 4 Analysts Are Bullish Silver Standard Resources Inc. (USA) (SSRI) Last Week


Dodge & Cox Has Cut Fedex (FDX) Holding By $1.15 Million, Muhlenkamp & Co Has Lifted Mckesson Com (MCK) Position By $3.64 Million


Leavell Investment Management Trimmed By $385,940 Its Apple (AAPL) Position, AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Had 0 Bullish Analysts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Lowered Liberty Global Plc (Call) (LBTYA) Stake By $867,510; Telefonica Brasil SA (ADR) (VIV) Had 1 Bulls


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Cut Its Superior Energy Svcs (SPN) Holding, BIOHITECH GLOBAL (BHTG) Sellers Increased By 10.95% Their Shorts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Has Boosted Turquoise Hill Res LTD (TRQ) Position; Baker Hughes (BHI) SI Decreased By 2.41%


Westwood Holdings Group Has Boosted Markel (MKL) Stake, Biglari Holdings (BH) Shorts Increased By 12.62%


Shelton Capital Management Lowered Southwest Airls Co (LUV) Position By $372,400; Veritas Software (VRTS)’s Sentiment Is 1.04






© Copyright 2017 KEY GAZETTE
				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Green Valley Investors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























green valley investors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Green Valley Investors, LLC operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

2711 Centerville Road
Suite 400
Wilmington, DE 19808
United States


Phone:
1-302-351-4514


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











AMERIMAX INVESTORS LLC - GREEN VALLEY, AZ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AZ



GREEN VALLEY



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            AMERIMAX INVESTORS LLC
                                    



 





















A 


AMERIMAX INVESTORS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4121 S EMELITA DR GREEN VALLEY, AZ 85622
Get Directions



(520) 648-2868





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated AZ
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts PATRICIA M MILLER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Amerimax Investors Llc is located at 4121 S Emelita Dr in Green Valley and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2004. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB of Southwest Missouri




















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




04/19/17


BBB Offers Tips For Earth Day & Every Day



04/10/17


BBB Tip: Plan Wisely for Safe Vacation Travels



04/03/17


BBB SWMO Announces 2017 Torch Awards Finalists & Winners



01/03/17


New Gym Membership Tips for Your New Year's Resolution



 More Local News »


















File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 BBB Programs








2017 Torch Awards Presenting Sponsor:  Cove Logistics







April 22, 2017: Find Out More Information







Get your Small Business Tip of the week HERE!







Read & Submit Customer Reviews







2017 Torch Awards Presenting Sponsor:  Walnut Lawn Funeral Home







Does your business have what it takes?







2017 Torch Awards Presenting Sponsor:  Walnut Lawn Funeral Home







BBB Scam Tracker




















Sponsored By:
NOTE: This block contains the script for the fading ads (ads_block_left).


 







MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.











Sponsored By:
NOTE: This block contains the script for the fading ads (ads_block_right). Please do not delete this section.








































GREEN VALLEY INVESTORS LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






GREEN VALLEY INVESTORS LLC






2711 CENTERVILLE ROAD, WILMINGTON,  Delaware, 19808, (302) 351-4514


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
29


New Positions
1


Increased Positions
15


Decreased Positions
14


Positions with Activity
29


Sold Out Positions
0


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
2,131



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials
5.4%


Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals
31.37%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
20.27%


Financials



Healthcare
42.97%


Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






29 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



EXPRESS SCRIPTS HLDG CO
COM
254,646
-61,001
(19.33)
4,085,445


CELGENE CORP
COM
201,430
343
.17
1,501,525


AMAZON COM INC
COM
168,566
144
.09
161,153


LKQ CORP
COM
125,250
28
.02
3,693,587


ABBOTT LABS
COM
113,234
32,907
40.97
2,259,718


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
110,183
151
.14
842,181


WAL-MART STORES INC
COM
105,197
42
.04
1,318,586


DANAHER CORP DEL
COM
103,952
68
.07
1,280,828


DISNEY WALT CO
COM DISNEY
102,448
91
.09
931,344


STRYKER CORP
COM
87,494
60
.07
607,386


HOME DEPOT INC
COM
78,754
-3
(0)
533,092


MARRIOTT INTL INC NEW
CL A
71,858
48
.07
690,544


UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
COM
70,150
70,150
New
371,300


SCHEIN HENRY INC
COM
56,557
-167
(0.3)
309,340


ALLERGAN PLC
SHS
52,989
-186
(0.35)
208,487


INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS&FRAGRANC
COM
48,669
-44
(0.09)
364,340


NIKE INC
CL B
46,302
11,104
31.55
796,258


TJX COS INC NEW
COM
45,908
12
.03
659,220


AIR PRODS & CHEMS INC
COM
45,026
-138
(0.31)
313,444


PRAXAIR INC
COM
42,230
-87
(0.21)
318,214




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh MetLife appeal against "too big to fail" label
                        



	                     5:49PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Toshiba to give Western Digital notice on closing memory sale
                        



	                     5:43PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            AT&T executives to run combined company after Time Warner deal
                        



	                     5:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            ANALYSIS-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     5:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































