    Yvonne Greenstreet | GlaxoSmithKline plc | ZoomInfo.com 



Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Joins Pfizer As Senior Vice President And Head Of Medicines Development, Specialty Care Business Unit | Business Wire


























































Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Joins Pfizer As Senior Vice President And Head 
      Of Medicines Development, Specialty Care Business Unit












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














January 31, 2011 09:10 AM Eastern Standard Time



COLLEGEVILLE, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pfizer Inc. today announced that Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet has been 
      appointed Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development for 
      the Specialty Care Business Unit, effective February 1 2011.
    


      Upon her arrival, she will assume global responsibility for leading the 
      advancement of the development portfolio, ensuring its alignment with 
      Specialty Care’s strategic objectives.
    

      “Yvonne has a strong track record of leadership and outstanding results 
      during her career in the biopharmaceutical industry,” said Geno Germano, 
      president and general manager of Pfizer’s Specialty Care Business Unit. 
      “Her experience in delivering medicines in challenging markets is 
      noteworthy, and she will play an important role in advancing Specialty 
      Care’s commitment to the eradication, remission and relief of serious 
      diseases.”
    

      Dr. Greenstreet takes over for Dr. Michael Berelowitz, who is retiring 
      after a distinguished 14-year career at Pfizer. She will report directly 
      to Germano, and join his leadership team.
    

      Dr. Greenstreet joins Pfizer after an 18-year career with 
      GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), where she most recently was Senior Vice president 
      and Chief of Strategy, Research and Development. Her work spans the R&D 
      continuum, including clinical development, medical affairs, health 
      economics, outcomes research, regulatory affairs and portfolio 
      management. At GSK, she was responsible for leading the development of 
      small molecules and biologics in several therapeutic areas, including 
      musculoskeletal, immunology/inflammation, gastrointestinal, urology, 
      ophthalmology and anti-infectives. She had also been responsible for 
      clinical development and medical affairs for GSK’s European business.
    

      Before joining GSK, Dr. Greenstreet practiced medicine in the United 
      Kingdom National Health Service and gained experience in medicine at a 
      number of leading teaching hospitals in London. She holds a degree in 
      medicine from the University of Leeds, UK, and an MBA from INSEAD, 
      Fountainbleau, France.
    

Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world™


      At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to improve health 
      and well-being at every stage of life. We strive to set the standard for 
      quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and 
      manufacturing of medicines for people and animals. Our diversified 
      global health care portfolio includes human and animal biologic and 
      small molecule medicines and vaccines, as well as nutritional products 
      and many of the world's best-known consumer products. Every day, Pfizer 
      colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance 
      wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most 
      feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as the 
      world's leading biopharmaceutical company, we also collaborate with 
      health care providers, governments and local communities to support and 
      expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For 
      more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who 
      rely on us. To learn more about our commitments, please visit us at www.pfizer.com.
    

      Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6591235&lang=en





Contacts

      Pfizer Inc.Victoria Davis, 212-733-3227
    
















Contacts

      Pfizer Inc.Victoria Davis, 212-733-3227
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Check out Yvonne Greenstreet, one of Fast Company's Most Creative People











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementMost Creative PeopleYvonne GreenstreetSVP and Head of Medicines Development, Specialty CareDr. Yvonne Greenstreet oversees late-stage development of some of the most innovative drug research on the planet, such as Xeljanz, a rheumatoid arthritis medication taken orally; analysts project that it could be worth $2.3 billion to Pfizer by 2018. She is also passionate about "personalized medicine," targeted therapies for carriers of particular genes.Read MoreadvertisementadvertisementIdeasIdeasNight Out For Safety and Liberation Asks How To Go Beyond Policing To Keep Communities SafeIdeasThis App Lets You Request Mental Health Help For A Homeless Person In DistressIdeasHow Sweden Is Fast Tracking Refugees Into The WorkforceEntertainmentEntertainmentNew Absolut Campaign Celebrates The Ongoing Fight For LGBTQ RightsEntertainment7 Times Obama’s Official Photographer Was Trump’s Classiest TrollEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekCo.DesignCitiesThis Woman’s Travel Photos Are Better Than Yours — And She Never Leaves The HouseProductThis Airbnb For Great Architecture Is Curated By Two ArchitectsGraphicsThis Photo Captures Every Color In A Single Twinkling StarFast CompanyIdeasNight Out For Safety and Liberation Asks How To Go Beyond Policing To Keep Communities SafeIdeasThis App Lets You Request Mental Health Help For A Homeless Person In DistressTechnologyInside The ICO Bubble: Why Initial Coin Offerings Have Raised More Than $1 Billion Since January









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Appointed As An Independent Member Of The Moelis & Company Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Appointed As An Independent Member Of The Moelis & Company Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Feb 19, 2015 4:15 PM EST













 




























































  Moelis & Company (NYSE: MC), a leading global independent investment bank, today announced the appointment of Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet as an independent member of the Board of Directors.  Dr. Greenstreet has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and has held senior roles in research and development, strategy, commercial development and portfolio management. She was formerly Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development for Pfizer where she was a member of the Specialty Business global executive team. Dr. Greenstreet also spent 18 years at GlaxoSmithKline, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief of Strategy for Research and Development and a member of the corporate portfolio management board. She held a variety of positions at GlaxoSmithKline prior to this, including Chief Medical Officer for Europe.  Ken Moelis, Chairman and CEO of Moelis & Company, said, "Yvonne's wealth of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and her proven track record as a highly regarded business leader will greatly benefit our Firm and our clients. We are delighted to welcome her as Moelis & Company's newest Board member."  Dr. Greenstreet currently serves on the Board of Directors of Pacira Pharmaceuticals, a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development of products for postsurgical pain control, the Board of Directors of Advanced Accelerator Applications, a radiopharmaceutical company that develops diagnostic and therapeutic products, and the Board of Directors of Indivior, a pharmaceutical company that develops products to treat addiction. She is also a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.  Dr. Greenstreet holds a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery from the University of Leeds, United Kingdom, and an M.B.A. from INSEAD, France.  About Moelis & Company  Moelis & Company is a leading global independent investment bank that provides innovative strategic advice and solutions to a diverse client base, including corporations, governments and financial sponsors. The Firm assists its clients in achieving their strategic goals by offering comprehensive integrated financial advisory services across all major industry sectors. Moelis & Company's experienced professionals advise clients on their most critical decisions, including mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations and restructurings and other corporate finance matters. The Firm serves its clients with 550 employees based in 17 offices in North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. For further information, please visit: www.moelis.com.   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Cramer: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Selloff
This market has diverged from some of its usual patterns.



Jim Cramer

Jun 13, 2017 4:37 PM EDT
























French Billionaire Buys Christian Dior for a Whopping $13B
French billionaire Bernard Arnault will buy out fashion company Christian Dior CDI for $13.16 billion.



TheStreet Staff

Apr 25, 2017 2:56 PM EDT
























Desire to Add Exposure Leads Indices Higher
The fact that many traders weren't well-positioned for Monday's move up is helping to create one-way action this morning.



Rev Shark

Apr 25, 2017 10:33 AM EDT
























HSBC Wins Formal Mandate for Saudi Aramco IPO - Report
HSBC will advise on Saudi Aramco's multi-billion dollar IPO, according to media reports Monday, potentially increasing chances London could earn a piece of the world's biggest stock listing.



Martin Baccardax

Apr 24, 2017 9:14 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products


Can Apple Show Amazon What Earnings Should Look Like?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Industry Expert Yvonne Greenstreet To Its Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Industry Expert Yvonne Greenstreet To Its Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Mar 6, 2014 6:30 AM EST













 




























































  Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) today announced the appointment of Yvonne Greenstreet, MBChB, MBA, to its board of directors.  “We are delighted to have Yvonne join as our newest board member,” said Dave Stack, president, chief executive officer and chairman of Pacira. “We believe that her vast experience working across a diverse range of critical functions at some of the most established names in the industry will support our business activities as we look to expand additional indications for EXPAREL ® and pursue our next DepoFoam-based opportunities.”  Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet has more than 20 years of global experience in the pharmaceutical industry, where she has a proven track record as a business leader and drug developer. Over the course of her career, she has successfully obtained approval from the FDA and the equivalent regulatory bodies in the UK and EU with respect to ten New Drug Applications and/or Marketing Authorization Applications and has led numerous product launches.  As senior vice president and head of medicines development at Pfizer, Dr. Greenstreet was on the global executive team for the $16 billion Specialty Business, with accountability for a portfolio which included the immuno-inflammation, vaccine, specialty neuroscience and rare disease areas. She led the approval of the JAK inhibitor Xeljanz, bringing to market the first of a new class of medicines for patients with rheumatoid arthritis. She was also instrumental in growing Pfizer’s presence in rare diseases by driving strategy, delivering product approvals and securing in-licensed opportunities.  Dr. Greenstreet was at GlaxoSmithKine (GSK) for 18 years, where she was senior vice president and chief of strategy for research and development, serving on the corporate executive investment committee. She was responsible for enabling strategy development and execution to achieve GSK’s goal of delivering five to seven new medicines per year with increasing returns on investment. Previously, Dr. Greenstreet served in various positions of increasing responsibility at GSK, including senior vice president for medicine development, where she led the creation of a new global unit that had responsibility for GSK’s musculoskeletal, endocrine, gastrointestinal, ophthalmology and urological disease areas. She spearheaded GSK’s entry into immune-inflammation and biologics with the in-licensing of Benlysta for patients with lupus and Arzerra for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Prior to this role, she was chief medical officer for GSK Europe, with responsibility for development and medical affairs of GSK’s entire pipeline and product portfolio in the region.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Biotech Premarket Movers: Editas, Amphastar, Aratana, Pacira
Editas Medicine, Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Aratana Therapeutics and Pacira Pharmaceuticals were among the biotech stock movers in premarket trading on Tuesday.



Armie Margaret Lee

Mar 14, 2017 9:26 AM EDT
























Pacira Pharmaceuticals Tops 4Q Earnings Expectations
Pacira (PCRX) reported mixed fourth quarter results.



Tony Owusu

Mar 1, 2017 8:22 AM EST
























Biotech Premarket Movers: Pacira, Clearside Biomedical and Organovo
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Clearside Biomedical and Organovo Holdings are among the premarket biotech movers on Wednesday.



Armie Margaret Lee

Jan 25, 2017 9:21 AM EST
























Bullish and Bearish Reversals in the Market
These companies show signs of a change of direction.



Guy Ortmann

Jan 9, 2017 1:33 PM EST








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 


















Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. - Alnylam Expands and Strengthens Management Team as it Plans for Commercialization
















 










Alnylam





About Alnylam
About RNAi
Delivery of RNAi Therapeutics
Scientific Leadership
Strategic Alliances
Intellectual Property








Alnylam 5×15
TTR Amyloidosis (FAP)
TTR Amyloidosis (FAC)
Hemophilia
Complement-Mediated Disease
Porphyria
Cardio-Metabolic Disease
Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency
Hepatitis B Virus Infection
Beta-Thalassemia and Iron Overload Disorders
Other Pipeline Programs








Our Story
Our Culture
Careers
Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board











 
				          
				       
				       
				       
				         
				           
				          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?






Alnylam Expands and Strengthens Management Team as it Plans for Commercialization

09.19.2016


- Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet and Dr. Emmanuel Dulac Join Alnylam,

      Bringing Significant Product Strategy, Portfolio Management, and

      Commercialization Experience -

 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Alnylam

      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:ALNY), the leading RNAi therapeutics

      company, announced today two key appointments to its senior leadership

      team, expanding the breadth of talent and experience as the company

      prepares for commercialization of its pipeline and global expansion. Dr.

      Yvonne Greenstreet has joined as Executive Vice President, Chief

      Operating Officer, and Dr. Emmanuel Dulac as Senior Vice President,

      Chief Commercial Officer. Both Drs. Greenstreet and Dulac offer decades

      of life science experience in drug development and successfully

      launching medicines to the market in areas of unmet needs. In addition,

      both have worked in global capacities and have supported execution on

      strategies involving substantial organizational growth. Barry Greene

      will continue to serve as the Company's President.

    


      "With our rapid pipeline growth and maturity toward commercial stages,

      we're focused on building our team to achieve our Alnylam 2020

      goals. In this regard, the appointments of Yvonne and Emmanuel

      significantly bolster the depth of product experience and commercial

      expertise in our growing organization," said John Maraganore, Ph.D.,

      Chief Executive Officer of Alnylam. "I'm confident that their insight

      and leadership will help us realize our mission of building a top-tier

      biopharmaceutical company founded on RNAi and speed the path of bringing

      potentially life changing new therapies to patients through innovative

      drug development, commercial, and patient access strategies."

    

Dr. Greenstreet will report to John Maraganore, and will have

      responsibility for leading the company's multi-disciplinary product

      teams from early development through and during commercialization. In

      this capacity Yvonne will have responsibility for the global General

      Managers (currently in place for ATTR programs, fitusiran, and ALN-CC5),

      Program Leaders, and the Program Management team, which are all focused

      on progressing development pipeline programs through to launch and

      commercialization. Additionally, she will be responsible for leading the

      Alliance Management team primarily focused on our partnership with

      Sanofi Genzyme.

    


      "It's a pleasure to join the team at Alnylam at such an important time

      in the company's evolution, where RNAi therapeutics are advancing toward

      commercial stages," said Dr. Greenstreet. "Alnylam's pipeline is one of

      the most exciting in the industry, and I'm thrilled to be part of a team

      pioneering new medicines to meet unmet needs for patients. This is a

      vitally important mission where I believe I can add significant value."

    

Dr. Greenstreet brings 25 years of global experience in the

      pharmaceutical industry, where she has been in senior roles in research

      and development, strategy, and portfolio management, and has

      successfully led product development and commercialization teams in a

      wide range of therapy areas, bringing new medicines to patients. Dr.

      Greenstreet was previously Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines

      Development at Pfizer, with accountability for a portfolio that included

      the immuno-inflammation, vaccines, specialty neuroscience, and rare

      disease areas. Prior to Pfizer, she held roles of increasing

      responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline, including Senior Vice President and

      Chief of Strategy for Research and Development, Senior Vice President

      for Medicines Development, and Chief Medical Officer for Europe. Dr.

      Greenstreet holds a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery from the

      University of Leeds, UK and Master of Business Administration (MBA) from

      INSEAD, France. She serves as an advisor and board member for several

      public companies and also serves on the Scientific Advisory Committee

      for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

    

Dr. Dulac will report to Barry Greene, and will be responsible for

      establishing Alnylam's global commercial footprint. He will lead the

      development of the global commercial expertise area, building global

      commercial capabilities, including support of patients post product

      launch, and building the U.S. commercial operations.

    


      "I feel fortunate to be joining Alnylam at a time when we have the

      opportunity to develop and shape our commercial strategies for a ground

      breaking new approach to treating disease. RNAi therapeutics have now

      passed the proof of concept stage and have the potential to profoundly

      transform patients' lives. It gives us the potential to target many

      unserved diseases with an extremely precise medicine and an uncommonly

      long duration of activity. I feel privileged to have been entrusted to

      build and lead a top-tier organization that will attract the best talent

      in the industry and bring these truly differentiated medicines to

      patients," said Dr. Dulac.

    

Dr. Dulac brings to Alnylam more than 20 years of international

      experience in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. He joins the

      company from Shire, where he was Senior Vice President, Head of the Rare

      Disease Business Unit. Prior to Shire, Emmanuel held various roles of

      increasing responsibility at Sanofi, Abbott, and Novartis in global,

      regional and local functions. During his career, he successfully

      launched six brands, led two blockbuster drugs globally, and built large

      sales organizations, innovative patient services, and strong marketing

      and market access teams. He graduated from the University of Paris XI

      with a Doctorate in Pharmacology (PharmD, Ph.D.) and completed an MBA

      from the ESSEC School in Paris.

    

About RNAi



      RNAi (RNA interference) is a revolution in biology, representing a

      breakthrough in understanding how genes are turned on and off in cells,

      and a completely new approach to drug discovery and development. Its

      discovery has been heralded as "a major scientific breakthrough that

      happens once every decade or so," and represents one of the most

      promising and rapidly advancing frontiers in biology and drug discovery

      today which was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine.

      RNAi is a natural process of gene silencing that occurs in organisms

      ranging from plants to mammals. By harnessing the natural biological

      process of RNAi occurring in our cells, the creation of a major new

      class of medicines, known as RNAi therapeutics, is on the horizon. Small

      interfering RNA (siRNA), the molecules that mediate RNAi and comprise

      Alnylam's RNAi therapeutic platform, target the cause of diseases by

      potently silencing specific mRNAs, thereby preventing disease-causing

      proteins from being made. RNAi therapeutics have the potential to treat

      disease and help patients in a fundamentally new way.

    

About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals



      Alnylam is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics

      based on RNA interference, or RNAi. The company is leading the

      translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines. Alnylam's

      pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics is focused in 3 Strategic

      Therapeutic Areas (STArs): Genetic Medicines, with a broad pipeline of

      RNAi therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases; Cardio-Metabolic

      Disease, with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics toward genetically

      validated, liver-expressed disease targets for unmet needs in

      cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; and Hepatic Infectious Disease,

      with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics that address the major global

      health challenges of hepatic infectious diseases. In early 2015, Alnylam

      launched its "Alnylam 2020" guidance for the advancement and

      commercialization of RNAi therapeutics as a whole new class of

      innovative medicines. Specifically, by the end of 2020, Alnylam expects

      to achieve a company profile with 3 marketed products, 10 RNAi

      therapeutic clinical programs - including 4 in late stages of

      development - across its 3 STArs. The company's demonstrated commitment

      to RNAi therapeutics has enabled it to form major alliances with leading

      companies including Ionis, Novartis, Roche, Takeda, Merck, Monsanto, The

      Medicines Company, and Sanofi Genzyme. In addition, Alnylam holds an

      equity position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc., a company focused on

      discovery, development, and commercialization of microRNA therapeutics.

      Alnylam scientists and collaborators have published their research on

      RNAi therapeutics in over 200 peer-reviewed papers, including many in

      the world's top scientific journals such as Nature, Nature Medicine,

      Nature Biotechnology, Cell, New England Journal of Medicine, and The

      Lancet. Founded in 2002, Alnylam maintains headquarters in

      Cambridge, Massachusetts. For more information about Alnylam's pipeline

      of investigational RNAi therapeutics, please visit www.alnylam.com.

    

Alnylam Forward-Looking Statements



      Various statements in this release concerning Alnylam's future

      expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation,

      Alnylam's views with respect to the potential for RNAi therapeutics, its

      expectations regarding its STAr pipeline growth strategy, and its

      "Alnylam 2020" guidance for the advancement and commercialization of

      RNAi therapeutics, constitute forward-looking statements for the

      purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities

      Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and future plans may

      differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking

      statements as a result of various important risks, uncertainties and

      other factors, including, without limitation, Alnylam's ability to

      discover and develop novel drug candidates and delivery approaches,

      successfully demonstrate the efficacy and safety of its product

      candidates, the pre-clinical and clinical results for its product

      candidates, which may not be replicated or continue to occur in other

      subjects or in additional studies or otherwise support further

      development of product candidates for a specified indication or at all,

      actions or advice of regulatory agencies, which may affect the design,

      initiation, timing, continuation and/or progress of clinical trials or

      result in the need for additional pre-clinical and/or clinical testing,

      delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of our

      product candidates, obtaining, maintaining and protecting intellectual

      property, Alnylam's ability to enforce its intellectual property rights

      against third parties and defend its patent portfolio against challenges

      from third parties, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval,

      pricing and reimbursement for products, progress in establishing a

      commercial and ex-United States infrastructure, competition from others

      using technology similar to Alnylam's and others developing products for

      similar uses, Alnylam's ability to manage its growth and operating

      expenses, obtain additional funding to support its business activities,

      and establish and maintain strategic business alliances and new business

      initiatives, Alnylam's dependence on third parties for development,

      manufacture and distribution of products, the outcome of litigation, the

      risk of government investigations, and unexpected expenditures, as well

      as those risks more fully discussed in the "Risk Factors" filed with

      Alnylam's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the

      Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in other filings that

      Alnylam makes with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements

      represent Alnylam's views only as of today and should not be relied upon

      as representing its views as of any subsequent date. Alnylam explicitly

      disclaims any obligation, except to the extent required by law, to

      update any forward-looking statements.

    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160919005684/en/

Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Investors and MediaChristine

      Regan Lindenboom, 617-682-4340orInvestorsJosh Brodsky,

      617-551-8276

    


Source: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media





Search


Search



Recent Press Releases

07.27.2017
Alnylam to Host Fourth Annual "RNAi Roundtable" Webcast Series


07.10.2017
Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme Report Positive Results from Ongoing Phase 2 Open-Label Extension Study with Investigational RNAi Therapeutic Fitusiran in Patients with Hemophilia A and B With or Without Inhibitors


07.07.2017
Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme Initiate ATLAS Phase 3 Program with Investigational RNAi Therapeutic Fitusiran in Patients with Hemophilia A and B with or without Inhibitors

View all releases
NASDAQ: ALNY (Common)


Price:
$82.63


Change (%):
+2.93 (+3.68%)


Volume:
532,080


Data as of 4:00 PM ET on 07.28.2017Minimum 20 Minute Delay


Learn More
 



















Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Joins Pfizer As Senior Vice President And Head Of Medicines Development, Specialty Care Business Unit | Pfizer: One of the world's premier biopharmaceutical companies



























        Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
      














CareersWorking HereMission & Purpose
Culture
Diversity & Inclusion
Career Growth & Colleague Development
Compensation & Benefits
Ensuring Corporate Responsibility

Search Jobs
Student & Early CareerPostdoctoral Program
US Summer Student Worker Program
Opportunities for Veterans

Pfizer365.com
Our Hiring & Recruiting ProcessFrequently Asked Questions
Tips for Interviewing at Pfizer

Connect With Us

InvestorsInvestors OverviewWhy Invest / Our Story
Prospective Investors
Fact Sheet

Events & Presentations
FinancialsQuarterly Reports
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Interactive Data Filings

Investor News
Stock InformationHistorical Stock Chart & Data
Investment Calculator
Historical Price Lookup
Dividend & Split History
Stock FAQs

GovernanceBoard Committees and Charters
The Pfizer Board Policies
Corporate Governance FAQs
Contact Our Directors

Shareholder ServicesStock FAQs
Cost Basis Calculator
Advisory Information


NewsPress Release Archive
Press Statements
Company Press Kit
Vaccines Press Kit
Get Old Press Kit
Pfizer Oncology Press Kit
RA NarRAtive
Frequently Requested Info
Contact Media Relations

PartnersPartnership Highlights
Contacts
Events Pfizer is Attending
Submit Your Opportunities
Biopharmaceuticals
Consumer Healthcare
Core Therapeutic Areas
Innovation
Research & Development
Venture InvestmentsOur portfolio





Health Professionals
Connect with UsEmail
FAQ
Privacy Policy
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram






En




Argentina

Australia

Austria

Belgium

Brazil

Canada

China

Colombia

Czech Republic

Denmark

Finland



France

Germany

Greece

Hong Kong

Hungary

India

Indonesia

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Japan



Korea

Malaysia/Singapore

Mexico

Netherlands

New Zealand

Norway

Pakistan

Philippines

Poland

Portugal

Romania



Russia

Slovakia

South Africa

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Taiwan

Thailand

Turkey

United Kingdom

Ukraine






















                  Your Health                  








                  Healthy Living                  








                  Brain & Nervous System                  



                  Cardiovascular Health                  



                  Digestive Health                  



                  Healthier Aging                  



                  Living Tobacco Free                  



                  Men’s Health                  



                  Mental Health                  



                  Nutrition & Fitness                  



                  Pediatric Health                  



                  Respiratory Health                  



                  Skin Health                  



                  Vaccines & Prevention                  



                  Women’s Health                  
















                  Disease & conditions                  








                  Cancer                  



                  Cardiovascular Diseases & Conditions                  



                  Diabetes & Metabolic Disorders                  



                  Immune System Diseases & Conditions                  



                  Infections & Infectious Diseases                  



                  Neurological Diseases & Conditions                  



                  Rare Disease                  



                  Skin Diseases & Condition                  



                  Vaccine-Related Conditions                  
















                  Managing your health                  








                  Caregiving                  



                  Evaluating Health Information                  



                  Tracking Your Health                  



                  Your Medicines                  










                  Hot Topics                  








Hot Topics




The Smoking Epidemic: A Snapshot 




















                  Our Science                  








                  Therapeutic Areas                  








                  Metabolic Disease & Cardiovascular Risk                  



                  Inflammation & Immunology                  



                  Neuroscience & Pain                  



                  Oncology                  



                  Rare Disease                  



                  Vaccines                  










                  Product Pipeline                  



                  Clinical Trials                  








                  What are Clinical Trials?                  



                  How Clinical Trials are Conducted                  



                  Clinical Innovation                  



                  Find a Trial                  



                  Trial Data & Results                  



                  Post Marketing Commitments                  
















                  R&D Platforms                  








                  Biosimilars                  



                  Gene Therapy                  



                  Medicinal Sciences                  



                  Precision Medicine                  










                  Collaboration                  








                  Collaboration Ecosystem                  



                  Centers for Therapeutic Innovation                  



                  Competitive Grants                  



                  Compound Transfer Program                  



                  Investigator-Initiated Research                  



                  R&D Collaborations                  










                  Research sites                  









                  Hot Topics                  












Learn more 


Vaccines to Fight Sugar-Coated Bacteria 




















                  Our People                  








                  Meet The Experts                  








                  Scientists                  



                  Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease                  



                  Immunology & Inflammation                  



                  Neuroscience & Pain                  



                  Oncology                  



                  Rare Disease                  



                  Vaccines                  



                  Medical Professionals                  
















                  The Journey                  



                  Leadership                  








                  Executives                  



                  Board Members                  



                  Company Fact Sheet                  










                  Diverse Perspectives                  








                  Diversity & Inclusion                  



                  Supplier Diversity                  
















                  Hot Topics                  












Aspen Ideas Scholar: Austin Huang 


Aspen Ideas Scholar: Jackie Conde 




















                  Our Purpose                  








                  Responsibility                  








                  Individual Voices                  



                  Building Healthcare Capacity                  



                  Expanding Access to Medicine                  



                  Corporate Citizenship                  



                  Global Institutions and Partnerships                  



                  Reporting Trends and Progress                  










                  Protecting the Environment                  








                  Pfizer’s Green Journey                  



                  Environment, Health, & Safety                  



                  Product Stewardship                  










                  Positions on Health Policies                  








                  Ready for Cures                  



                  Value of Medicines                  



                  How does Pfizer price medicines?                  



                  Policy Positions                  
















                  Transparency                  








                  Working with Health Care Professionals                  



                  Sales and Marketing Compliance                  



                  Corporate Compliance                  



                  Code of Conduct                  










                  Patient Assistance Programs                  








                  Pfizer Rx Pathways                  



                  Goverment Programs                  










                  Grants                  








                  Independent Grants                  



                  Transparency in Grants                  
















                  Contributions & Partnerships                  








                  Healthcare Charitable Contributions                  



                  Special Charity Events                  



                  Lobbying & Political Contributions                  










                  Hot Topics                  












Read more 




















                  Our Products                  








                  Product listing                  



                  How drugs are made                  








                  Branded vs. Generic                  



                  Biologics & Biosimilars                  



                  Commitment to Quality                  










                  Distributors                  








                  Pfizer Distributors                  



                  Greenstone Distributors                  
















                  Medicine and safety                  








                  Medicine Safety                  



                  Medicine Safety Education                  



                  Reporting Adverse Events                  



                  Unused Medicines                  



                  Sharps Disposal                  



                  Counterfeiting                  










                  Safety Data Sheets                  



                  Medical Information Contacts                  









                  Hot Topics                  












The End of Smallpox 


Before it Became a Medicine 





























 









You are hereNews / Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Joins Pfizer As Senior Vice President And Head Of Medicines Development, Specialty Care Business Unit Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet Joins Pfizer As Senior Vice President And Head Of Medicines Development, Specialty Care Business Unit









Sunday, January 30, 2011 - 10:40pmEST"Her experience in delivering medicines in challenging markets is noteworthy, and she will play an important role in advancing Specialty Care’s commitment to the eradication, remission and relief of serious diseases."
(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pfizer Inc. today announced that Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet has been appointed Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development for the Specialty Care Business Unit, effective February 1 2011.
Upon her arrival, she will assume global responsibility for leading the advancement of the development portfolio, ensuring its alignment with Specialty Care’s strategic objectives.
“Yvonne has a strong track record of leadership and outstanding results during her career in the biopharmaceutical industry,” said Geno Germano, president and general manager of Pfizer’s Specialty Care Business Unit. “Her experience in delivering medicines in challenging markets is noteworthy, and she will play an important role in advancing Specialty Care’s commitment to the eradication, remission and relief of serious diseases.”
Dr. Greenstreet takes over for Dr. Michael Berelowitz, who is retiring after a distinguished 14-year career at Pfizer. She will report directly to Germano, and join his leadership team.
Dr. Greenstreet joins Pfizer after an 18-year career with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), where she most recently was Senior Vice president and Chief of Strategy, Research and Development. Her work spans the R&D continuum, including clinical development, medical affairs, health economics, outcomes research, regulatory affairs and portfolio management. At GSK, she was responsible for leading the development of small molecules and biologics in several therapeutic areas, including musculoskeletal, immunology/inflammation, gastrointestinal, urology, ophthalmology and anti-infectives. She had also been responsible for clinical development and medical affairs for GSK’s European business.
Before joining GSK, Dr. Greenstreet practiced medicine in the United Kingdom National Health Service and gained experience in medicine at a number of leading teaching hospitals in London. She holds a degree in medicine from the University of Leeds, UK, and an MBA from INSEAD, Fountainbleau, France.
Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world™
At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to improve health and well-being at every stage of life. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacturing of medicines for people and animals. Our diversified global health care portfolio includes human and animal biologic and small molecule medicines and vaccines, as well as nutritional products and many of the world's best-known consumer products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as the world's leading biopharmaceutical company, we also collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. To learn more about our commitments, please visit us at www.pfizer.com.
Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6591235&lang=en
 





					Multimedia Files:

Download All Files




						Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet (Photo: Business Wire)


							Download:

Download ViewImage (8.31 KB)

Download High Resolution (1.8 MB)

Download Thumbnail (3.14 KB)

Download Web Ready (27.12 KB)






 
Contact: 



Pfizer Inc.
					Victoria Davis, 212-733-3227
 
 




 








      Share    
































 




Yvonne Greenstreet | Board of Directors | Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc. 



















10578 Science Center DriveSuite 125San Diego, CA 92121(858) 625 2424
5 Sylvan WayParsippany, NJ 07054(973) 254 3560




ABOUT PACIRA

Overview
Management
Board of Directors


|

PRODUCTS & PIPELINE


EXPAREL®

About EXPAREL®
Partnering


DepoCyt(e)®

About DepoCyt(e)®
Strategic Partnering

Clinical Trials



|
PLATFORM

About DepoFoam® 
How it Works
Applications 
Partnership Opportunities 
Grants


|
INVESTORS & MEDIA

Company Overview
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Research Coverage
Press Releases

SEC Filings

Legal Resolution Overview
Event Calendar
Online Investor Kit
E-mail Alerts
Information Request


|
CAREERS

Why Pacira?
Opportunities




 



Overview
Management
Board of Directors
 
 
Board of Directors 
Yvonne Greenstreet, MBChB, MBAAlnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Yvonne Greenstreet has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, a leading RNAi therapeutics company, since September 2016.
Prior to joining Alnylam, Dr. Greenstreet was Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development at Pfizer.
Dr. Greenstreet was also at GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) for 18 years as Senior Vice President and Chief of Strategy for Research and Development. Dr. Greenstreet previously served in various positions of increasing responsibility at GSK, including Senior Vice President for Medicine Development, in which she led the creation of a new global unit which had responsibility for GSK's musculoskeletal, endocrine, gastrointestinal, ophthalmology and urological disease areas. Prior to this role, she was Chief Medical Officer for GSK Europe, with responsibility for development and medical affairs of GSK’s entire pipeline and product portfolio in the region.
Dr. Greenstreet currently serves on the Boards of Indivior PLC and Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A., as well as on the Scientific Advisory Board of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Dr. Greenstreet trained as a physician and earned her medical degree from Leeds University in the UK and her MBA from INSEAD, France.


Quick Links
Corporate Presentation
News
EXPAREL
About Management
Grants
Clinical Trials



Legal Resolution Overview




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
David StackPacira Pharmaceuticals
Paul Hastings, Lead DirectorOncoMed Pharmaceuticals
Laura BregeFormer CEO of Nodality, Inc.
Yvonne Greenstreet, MBChB, MBAAlnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc
Mark Kronenfeld, MDMaimonides Medical Center
John P. Longenecker, PhD 
Gary W. Pace, PhD 
Andreas Wicki, PhDHBM Healthcare Investments AG
Dennis L. WingerFormer CFO of Applera CorporationAccuray IncorporatedNektar Therapeutics

 

Contact Us
Legal
Site Map

© 2017 Pacira Pharmaceuticals









Yvonne Greenstreet - Indivior -









































This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site without disabling them, you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more about the types of cookies we use, please view our cookie policy.
Continue using the site

















About >
History
Executive Committee
The Board
Grants








Yvonne Greenstreet
Non-Executive Director


Yvonne is currently Chief Operating Officer at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics based on RNA interference, or RNAi.  Yvonne has more than 20 years of global experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning research and development, strategy and commercial development. Yvonne serves on the boards of directors of Pacira Pharmaceuticals and Advanced Accelerator Applications. She is also on the advisory board of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Between 2011 and 2013, Yvonne was Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development at Pfizer and a member of the global executive team for the $16 billion Specialty Business with accountability for a portfolio that included the immuno-inflammation, vaccine, specialty neuroscience, and rare disease areas. Prior to Pfizer, she was at Glaxo SmithKline plc for 18 years, where she was Senior Vice President and Chief of Strategy for Research and Development, serving on the corporate executive investment committee. She was responsible for enabling strategy development and execution to achieve GSK’s goal of delivering five to seven new medicines per year while reducing research and development spend. Yvonne had previously been in various positions of increasing responsibility at GSK, including Senior Vice President for Medicine Development and Chief Medical Officer for Europe.
Yvonne trained as a physician and earned her medical degree from Leeds University in the UK and her M.B.A. from INSEAD, France.
Chair of the Science & Policy Committee
Member of the Audit Committee












You are now leaving Indivior.com to visit Suboxone.com a US product site intended for US residents and healthcare professionals.
Continue
			  
			Return






You are now leaving Indivior.com.
Continue
			  
			Return










