










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Geoffrey D. Greenwade: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:52 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Green Bancorp, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Geoffrey D. Greenwade  President, CEO of Green Bank NA, President of Green Bank NA and Director of Green Bank NA, Green Bancorp, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships56$588,241As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Geoffrey D. Greenwade, also known as Geoff, has been the President at Green Bancorp, Inc. since 2013. Mr. Greenwade has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Green Bank, National Association (AKA: Redstone Bank, N.A). since April 2008. He moves over to the Houston-based community bank from financial services giant Wells Fargo Bank. He joined Wells Fargo in 1997, where he has been Houston Regional Manager for Business Banking since 1999. Prior to his stint ... at Wells Fargo, He had a lengthy career with Bank of America in several Texas locations. He serves as a Director of Green Bank, National Association. Mr. Greenwade received his M.B.A. from Baylor University and his B.B.A. in Finance from Texas A&M University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
4000 GreenbriarHouston, Texas 77098United StatesPhone: 713-275-8220Fax: 713-275-8371
Board Members Memberships
Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorGreen Bank, National Association
Education
BBA Texas A&M UniversityMBA Baylor University
Other Affiliations
Texas A&M UniversityGreen Bank, National AssociationBaylor University


Annual Compensation
Salary$413,000Bonus$108,413Total Annual Compensation$521,413
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$37,588Exercisable Options$168,911Total Number of Options$488,919
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$588,241Total Short Term Compensation$521,413Other Long Term Compensation$37,588Total Calculated Compensation$588,241




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBrian T. Moynihan Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & PresidentBank of America Corporation$1.5MJames D. Rollins IIIChairman, CEO, Chairman of BancorpSouth Bank and CEO of BancorpSouth BankBancorpSouth, Inc.$840.0KChristopher  Oddleifson Chief Executive Officer, President & Director Independent Bank Corp.$677.7KTimothy J. Sloan Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWells Fargo & Company$2.3MRalph W. Babb Jr.Chairman, CEO, Chairman of Comerica Bank and CEO of Comerica BankComerica Incorporated$1.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Green Bancorp, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























GNBC Geoffrey D. Greenwade Insider Trades for Green Bancorp Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Green Bancorp Inc.

                  NASDAQ: GNBC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Green Bancorp Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:56 p.m.


GNBC

/quotes/zigman/37008963/composite


$
22.15




Change

-0.15
-0.67%

Volume
Volume 18,310
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/37008963/composite
Today's close

$
			21.00
		


$
				22.30
			
Change

+1.30
+6.19%





Day low
Day high
$21.50
$24.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.12
        

            $24.10
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Geoffrey D. Greenwade



Mr. Geoffrey D. Greenwade is President & Chief Executive Officer at Green Bancorp, Inc. and President & Chief Executive Officer at Green Bank, NA (Houston, Texas). He is on the Board of Directors at SP Bancorp, Inc. Mr. Greenwade was previously employed as a Trustee by Houston Ballet Foundation. He received his undergraduate degree from Texas A&M University and an MBA from Baylor University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/13/2016
38,000


 
Acquisition at $8.86 per share.


336,680


06/13/2016
38,000


 
Acquisition at $8.86 per share.


336,680


02/02/2016
14,465


 
Acquisition at $6.92 per share.


100,097


12/04/2014
7,041


 
Acquisition at $14.28 per share.


100,545


08/13/2014
8,000


 
Acquisition at $15 per share.


120,000


08/07/2014
20,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Manuel J. Mehos 
Chairman




Mr. Geoffrey D. Greenwade 
President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Terry S. Earley 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Donald S. Perschbacher 
Chief Credit Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. W. Don Ellis 
Vice Chairman




Mr. Elizabeth  Vandervoort 
Chief Accounting Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Mike  Barone 
Media Contact




Mr. Cas A. Schneller 
Independent Director




Ms. Stefanie L. Shelley 
Independent Director




Mr. Steven D. Lerner 
Independent Director




Mr. Steve  Eisenstein 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert B. B. Smith 
Independent Director




Mr. Scott  Schaen 
Independent Director




Mr. Alan M. Silberstein 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:52 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Geoffrey D. Greenwade - President at Green Bancorp, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Geoffrey D. Greenwade
President at Green Bancorp, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments Public Holdings Transactions 


Geoffrey D. Greenwade
President at Green Bancorp, Inc.



 Overview



Age



56
                                  (Born 1961)
                                              




Notable Companies


Green Bancorp, Inc.

Green Bank NA - Houston, Texas




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 411 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
March 17, 2017





                        Green Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Terry Earley Chief Financial Officer                    





American Banker
December 30, 2016





                        Good Riddance to Energy Loans: A Texas Bank's Survival Plan                    





American Banker
May 2, 2016





                        Bank's Oil Exit Creates New Questions for Energy Lenders                    





SNL Financial
March 10, 2016





                        Wednesday's Bank Stocks: 'Slow, steady pace'                    





SNL Financial
March 9, 2016





                        Green Bancorp president refutes sale rumor                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Manuel J. Mehos

Founder at Green Bancorp, Inc.




John P. Durie

Chief Executive Officer at Redstone Group





W. Don Ellis

Founder at Velocity Bank Advisors




Peter H. Currie

Former Investment Manager at Huddleston-Steele Engineering, Inc.





Jeff Weaver

President & Chief Executive Officer at SharePlus Federal Bank




Cas Andrew Schneller

Partner at Friedman Fleischer & Lowe LLC





Terry S. Earley

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Green Bancorp, Inc.




Terrance J. Tangen

Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer at Patriot Bank (Houston, Texas)





Dan F. Platt, Jr.

Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Lending Officer at Patriot Bank (Houston, Texas)




Donald S. Perschbacher

Executive Vice President & Corporate Chief Credit Officer at Green Bancorp, Inc.







See 401 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 401 More 


 


 Paths to Geoffrey D. Greenwade



            Geoffrey D. Greenwade          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Geoffrey D. Greenwade






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Geoffrey D. Greenwade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Baylor University

                  Baylor University, a private Christian university and a nationally ranked research institution, provides a vibrant campus community for more than 15,000 students by blending interdisciplinary research with an international reputation for educational excellence and a faculty commitment to teaching and scholarship.                




 


Texas A&M University

                  Texas A&M University (A&M or TAMU) is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship institution of the Texas A&M University System, the fourth-largest university in the United States and the largest university in Texas.Texas A&M's designation as a land, sea, and space grant institution reflects a broad range of research with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research. The school ranks in the top 20 American research institutes in terms of funding and has made notable contributions to such fields as animal cloning and petroleum engineering.                





 Career History



President

                                    2008 - Current                


Green Bancorp, Inc.


                  Green Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company. It operates through its subsidiary Green Bank, which provides commercial and private banking services primarily to Texas based customers. The firm offers online banking solutions including access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, as well as extended drive-through hours, ATMs, Bank at Work and banking by telephone, mail and personal appointment. Also, it offers debit cards, night depository, direct deposit, cashier's checks and letters of credit, as well as treasury management services, wire transfer services and automated clearing house services. The company was founded by Manuel J. Mehos on October 20, 2004 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Green Bank NA - Houston, Texas


                  Part of Green Bancorp, Inc., Green Bank, NA (Houston, Texas) is an American company located in Houston, TX, involved in state commercial banks. Geoffrey D. Greenwade is currently the CEO of the firm. On 02 Jan 07 Green Bancorp, Inc. acquired Green Bank, NA (Houston, Texas) .                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Patriot Bancshares, Inc.

                    Patriot Bancshares, Inc. operates as a bank holding company. The company is headquartered in Houston, TX.                  




Director

                    Current                  


SP Bancorp, Inc.

                    SP Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company. It provides services that include the acceptance of checking and savings deposits, mortgage warehouse, commercial real estate, commercial business, home equity, automobile and personal loans. The firm also provides telephone banking, direct deposit, account alerts, safe deposit boxes, and overdraft protection. The company provides services to individuals, families and businesses. The comapny was founded on October 27, 2010 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Trustee

                    Prior                  


Houston Ballet Foundation

                    Houston Ballet Foundation operates as a ballet company. It provides training services to its dancers throughout the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia, and Canada. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                  




Trustee

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Texas Bankers Association

                    THE MISSION OF THE TEXAS BANKERS ASSOCIATION IS TO MEET THE GROWING NEEDS OF OUR MEMBERS WITH EDUCATION, INFORMATION, AND ADVOCACY.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Green Bancorp, Inc.

                  Green Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company. It operates through its subsidiary Green Bank, which provides commercial and private banking services primarily to Texas based customers. The firm offers online banking solutions including access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, as well as extended drive-through hours, ATMs, Bank at Work and banking by telephone, mail and personal appointment. Also, it offers debit cards, night depository, direct deposit, cashier's checks and letters of credit, as well as treasury management services, wire transfer services and automated clearing house services. The company was founded by Manuel J. Mehos on October 20, 2004 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Green Bancorp, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Green Bancorp, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Geoffrey D. Greenwade is affiliated with
                            Green Bancorp, Inc., Green Bank NA - Houston, Texas, Patriot Bancshares, Inc., SP Bancorp, Inc., Houston Ballet Foundation, Texas Bankers Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















GEOFFREY D GREENWADE - SPRING, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



SPRING



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            GEOFFREY D GREENWADE
                                    



 





















G 


GEOFFREY D GREENWADE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



90 WOOD MANOR PL SPRING, TX 77381
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts GEOFFREY D GREENWADE






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Geoffrey D Greenwade was founded in 2010, and is located at 90 Wood Manor Pl in Spring. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Geoffrey D. Greenwade - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Geoffrey D. Greenwade
President; Chief Executive Officer, Green Bank, N.A. at Green Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Geoffrey D. Greenwade? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Geoffrey D. Greenwade's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Geoffrey D. Greenwade's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Geoffrey D. Greenwade's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Geoffrey D. Greenwade through your network of contacts.
												








Geoffrey D. Greenwade's Executive Work History


Current


President; Chief Executive Officer, Green Bank, N.A., 
Green Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view Geoffrey D. Greenwade's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Geoffrey D. Greenwade's Biography




			Mr. Greenwade has served as the President of the Company since 2013, and currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Greenwade served as Executive Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining the Company in 2008, Mr. Greenwade served as regional Manager of the Business Banking Department and Executive Vice President of the Commercial Banking Department of Wells Fargo. He has also served as Market President, Lending Manager and Commercial Loan Officer of Bank of America. Mr. Greenwade received his M.B.A. from Baylor University and his B.B.A. in Finance from Texas A&M University.
		
Source: Green Bancorp, Inc. on 04/14/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Geoffrey D. Greenwade's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Geoffrey D. Greenwade. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Geoffrey D. Greenwade's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Geoffrey D. Greenwade's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Geoffrey D. Greenwade through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Geoffrey D. Greenwade


















Geoffrey D. Greenwade's Connections (14)





Sign up now to view Geoffrey D. Greenwade's 14 connections »









Alan M. Silberstein
Board Member, Global Payments Inc.









John P. Durie
Board Member, Green Bancorp, Inc.









Donald S. Perschbacher
Former Executive Vice President and Corporate Chief Credit Officer; Senior Executive Vice President, Green Bank, N.A., Green Bancorp, Inc.









Manuel J. Mehos
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Green Bancorp, Inc.









William L. Spiegel
Former Board Member, Essent Group Ltd.









Robert B. Smith
Former Board Member, Green Bancorp, Inc.









Stephen Eisenstein
Former Board Member, Green Bancorp, Inc.









William D. Ellis
Former Vice Chairman of the Board, Green Bancorp, Inc.









Steven D. Lerner
Board Member, Green Bancorp, Inc.









Stefanie L. Shelley
Former Board Member, Green Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













