Zeecol International, Inc. 8-K Feb.  2, 2017  8:42 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Zeecol International, Inc. (AMOO)FORM 8-K | Current reportFeb.  2, 2017  8:42 PM|About: Zeecol International, Inc. (AMOO)View as PDF

 GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (Form: 8-K, Received: 02/03/2017 06:04:29) 









	 





	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	FORM 8-K



	 



	CURRENT REPORT




	 




	Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)
	of the




	Securities Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date of Report (Date of earliest event
	reported): February 3, 2017 (February 2, 2017)





	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.




	(Exact name of registrant as specified
	in its charter)



	 






	Florida






	000-53379






	26-1133266








	(State or other jurisdiction






	(Commission






	(IRS Employer








	of incorporation)






	File Number)






	Identification No.)






	 



	Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre




	9 Science Museum Road





	Kowloon, Hong Kong




	 



	(Address of Principal Executive Offices)




	 




	Registrant’s telephone number: 

	+852-2482-5168





	 




	 







	 





	 (Former name or former address,
	if changed since last report)



	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
	to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (

	see

	 General
	Instruction A.2. below):


	 





	¨




	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)





	 





	¨




	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)





	 





	¨




	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))





	 





	¨




	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))





	 






	 





	 






	 







	Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement










	Item 7.01 Regulation FD



	 


	On February
	2, 2017, Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation (the “ 

	Company

	”), entered into
	an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “

	Merger Agreement

	”) with Zeecol Limited, a New Zealand
	corporation (“

	Zeecol

	”), the shareholders of Zeecol and Zeecol Acquisition Limited, a New Zealand
	corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “

	Merger Sub

	”), providing for the merger of
	Merger Sub with and into Zeecol (the “

	Merger

	”), with Zeecol surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
	subsidiary of the Company. In consideration for the Merger, the Zeecol Shareholders will exchange all of the issued and
	outstanding shares of Zeecol to the Company, and the Company will issue 116,561,667 shares of Company common stock, par value
	$0.001 (“Common Stock”) to the Zeecol Shareholders. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	board of directors (the “

	Board

	”) and the board of directors of Zeecol and the Merger Sub.


	 


	As a condition to closing
	the Merger, Kwok Leung Lee (“Mr. Lee”), the majority shareholder and Chief Executive Officer of the Company will enter
	into a Return Of Equity To Authorized Capital Agreement wherein he agrees to return 20,120,000 of his shares of Common Stock, representing
	all of his Common Stock holdings, to the Company (“

	Return to Treasury Agreement

	”).


	 


	As a condition to closing
	the Merger, the Company will file Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the “Articles of Amendment”)
	with the State of Florida. The Articles of Amendment will modify the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company,
	the only holder of such shares being Mr. Lee (the “Holder”). Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall exist until
	the date that is six (6) months from the date of filing the Articles of Amendment (the “Expiration Date”), unless extended
	in certain circumstances as set forth therein. On or prior to the Expiration Date, the Company has the option to cause the Holder
	to redeem all of the 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Holder to the Company in exchange for the business
	(including all of the assets and the liabilities) of the Company that existed just prior to February 2, 2017, (the “Existing
	Green Dragon Business”) (the “Mandatory Redemption”). Additionally, on or prior to the Expiration Date, the Holder
	may redeem his shares of Series A Preferred Stock by redeeming all of his shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company in
	exchange for the Existing Green Dragon Business (the “Holder Optional Redemption”), or prior to the Expiration Date,
	the Holder has the option to convert all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock he owns into a number of shares of Common Stock
	to be mutually agreed upon by and between the Holder and the Corporation at the time of conversion; provided, however, that the
	Holder shall be entitled to receive at least a minimum of $500,000 worth of shares of Common Stock, based on the fair market value
	of such Common Stock on the date of conversion.


	 


	Consummation of the
	Merger is subject to conditions, including without limitation: (i) the delivery to the Company of certain closing deliverables,
	including consents to the consummation of the Merger, the execution of the Return to Treasury Agreement, the filing of the Articles
	of Amendment with Florida and the execution of the Note (as defined below); and (ii) the absence of any law, injunction, judgment
	or ruling that prohibits, restrains or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger.


	 


	Moreover, each party’s
	obligation to consummate the Merger is subject to certain other conditions, including without limitation: (i) the accuracy of the
	other party’s representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to materiality qualifiers) and (ii)
	the other party’s performance of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects.


	 


	The representations
	and warranties of the Company contained in the Merger Agreement have been made solely for the benefit of the Zeecol and the Merger
	Sub. In addition, such representations and warranties (a) have been made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement, (b) are subject
	to materiality qualifications contained in the Merger Agreement which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors,
	(c) were made only as of the date of the Merger Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Merger Agreement and (d) have
	been included in the Merger Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the contracting parties rather than establishing
	matters as facts. Accordingly, the Merger Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding
	the terms of the Merger Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its
	business. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the
	actual state of facts or condition of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the
	subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information
	may or may not be fully reflected in the Company’s public disclosures. The Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but
	should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding the Company that has been, is or will be contained in,
	or incorporated by reference into, the Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q, Forms 8-K, and other documents that the Company files with the SEC.


	 


	As soon
	as practicable after the closing of the Merger, the Company will undertake the steps necessary to change its name to
	“Zeecol International, Inc.”


	 






	 


	-

	2

	-


	 







	 




	 


	The foregoing description
	of the Merger Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit
	2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 


	 



	Description of Business




	 



	Zeecol provides
	environmentally low-impact farming integration solutions. Zeecol’s plan is to incorporate proven farming technology with
	its own proprietary processes to eliminate the carbon foot-print of its client farmers, while substantially reducing its client’s
	operating costs and easing regulatory scrutiny.


	 


	The primary Zeecol system will take low
	value products derived from animals, including all waste streams on a dairy farm or feed lot, and efficiently produces/converts
	them into high value products such as energy and animal feed that are sold back to the farmer on long term contracts. The objective
	is to reduce both environmental costs and dollar costs of farming. 


	Zeecol has not earned any revenues to date.



	 



	The process will utilize an anaerobic digester
	that makes waste suitable for use by plants, and a photo bioreactor that supports colonies of highly efficient single celled plants
	called micro algae.  The cows and steers will essentially “feed” the digester, and the digester feeds the photo
	bioreactor. Finally, the photo bioreactor will feed the cows and steers in a closed cycle.  Throughout the process, fuel,
	electricity and fertilizer will be produced as saleable byproducts. In this way, the Zeecol eliminates all waste while supercharging
	what happens naturally.



	 




	A High Level Mass Flow Schematic of a Zeecol Digester




	 




Click to enlarge
	 




	 







	 


	-

	3

	-


	 







	 





	 




	Zeecol is Addressing an Unmet Need in the Marketplace



	 


	Zeecol is uniquely qualified to address a virtually untapped
	need in the dairy farming market.


	 






	•


	Dairy farms in New Zealand and in most countries are currently required to develop an acceptable sewage management plan or
	face shutdown.




	 






	•


	Equipment dealers currently require farmers to arrange financing of all purchases which represents a substantial capital investment
	that many farmers are unable or unwilling to do. Equipment dealers are becoming increasingly receptive to alternative means for
	equipment financing.




	 






	•


	Financial downturns cause a large amount of financial pressure on farms. Equipment dealers need a quick solution which Zeecol
	can provide.




	 






	•


	Zeecol has a solid management team that is both knowledgeable in farm waste treatment, and also is familiar with working with
	distressed equipment dealers.




	 






	•


	Through its team’s expertise, Zeecol has developed systems for purchasing, managing, and selling products from waste
	treatment equipment.




	 






	•


	Zeecol has been active with various dairy groups and
	our management team is 	known in the dairy 	community.




	 






	•


	Zeecol works with vendors that provide it with engineering,
	digesters, and a cryogenic process.




	 


	Zeecol also intends to make acquisitions
	of distressed farms in 2017 that have become weakened primarily by the drop in milk solid sales, or by other inefficiencies. Management
	has candidates in the short term pipeline and the timing of these acquisitions will coincide with Zeecol’s ability to obtain
	acquisition financing.


	 



	Continuing Efforts of Zeecol with Green Dragon Wood Products




	 



	In its many discussions with Mr.
	Lee, Zeecol intends work closely with Mr. Lee to optimize its assets and grow its operations. A primary initiative in this regard
	will involve applying Zeecol’s process that builds efficiencies into dairy farming to the development of specialty wood products.
	The science behind such a process has been well documented, but testing must be done before mass production of any kind will be
	executed. The leaves of trees supply sugars to make sap that flow in the xylem, which is the region that forms rings and builds
	up the tree’s every cell. For many years, scientists have described how xylem cells can be grown in a test tube filled with
	synthetic sap and all the things that can be done with those cells.


	 


	The process being tested in this capacity
	would create specialty wood or veneer products by using algae instead of leaves to produce high quality tree sap to grow wood in
	test tubes. A culture of cells found in the tree xylem will be applied back to the trees to encourage rapid growth, and the residual
	substance is then mixed with natural plant hormones that cause the cells to exude lignin, thereby binding the cells of the material
	together.  As the lignin hardens, the residual substance is formed first into fibers and then pressed into sheets, with an
	appropriate amount of air.  The resulting products that Zeecol hopes to develop from this process will range from a fine sheet
	of paper, to a veneer or even a stick of lumber.  Beyond mass production of quality veneers (theoretically from test tubes
	instead of forests) Zeecol can seek to supply the market demand for hardwoods and leave nature only as a source of natural cells
	for the required culture. Zeecol intends to create many variations of this “wood ink”’ of natural cells that
	would then be assembled by a 3D wood printer to print hardwoods on demand in any shape needed. Zeecol does not process leaves
	into algae.  Zeecol uses algae instead of leaves to produce high quality tree sap to grow wood in test tubes. In this way
	Zeecol produces the wood equal to millions of trees from one tree, saving our timber for nature.


	 






	 


	-

	4

	-


	 







	 




	 



	Management Team




	 




	William Mook

	Chief Executive Officer

	:

	Mr. Mook, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, will serve as Chief Executive Officer of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.
	In 2011, Mr. Mook founded Zeecol Limited and was its President and Chief Executive Officer. He has over 18 years of experience
	in manufacturing industry as an OEM, and technology investor. He has over 20 years of experience as President/CEO of various companies
	including MokEnergy, Sugico Mok and Rapi-Serv Cash Systems. He holds a number of patents in a wide range of fields. In addition
	to his management and motivational skills he is an accomplished speaker and team builder. Educational background: Mr. Mook served
	as a remote teaching associate in the Physics and Energy course taught in the physics department at Stanford in 2015. William is
	worked under Dr. Robert Laughlin at Stanford. Robert received a Nobel Prize in 1998 for discovery of the Fractional Quantum Hall
	Effect.


	 



	Tony Baxter

	Chief Operating Officer

	:

	At the Closing of the Merger, Mr, Baxter will become the Chief Operating Officer for Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.. Prior to
	this, Mr. Baxter served in that capacity for Zeecol Limited beginning in 2016. He holds a New Zealand Certificate of Engineering
	in Electrical and Electronic Engineering. He has over 30 years of experience as senior executive for major electronic firms in
	the region such as Tait Electronics, Cray Communications, Motorola and Raytheon. His last position prior to taking early retirement
	six years ago was as General Manager of Alan J Brown & Associates specialized in Security & Communications Systems.


	 



	Russell Covarrubia

	Chief Financial Officer

	:

	At
	the Closing of the Merger, Mr. Covarrubia will become the Chief Financial Officer for Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., Mr. Covarrubia
	served in that capacity for Zeecol Limited beginning in 2015. He specializes in financial structuring and investing, and prior
	to joining Zeecol Limited, Mr. Covarrubia served as Vice President of Universe Capital Partners LLC, where he helped structure
	and fund Turkish private and public companies, and he also served as Chief Executive Officer of UCP Holdings INC. (UCPH) structuring
	financial acquisitions and running day to day operations. Prior to that, from Executive Vice President AFLG Investments, at AFLG
	Mr. Covarrubia help structure funds and the advisory services side of AFLG, raised capital, brought in advisory clients for merger
	and acquisition needs. Chief Investment Officer of Universe Capital Partners LLC, advise and approved investment strategy and structure
	for investments made by UCP.


	 



	Kwok Leung Lee:

	VP of Wood Products

	and Director.

	At the Closing of the Merger, Mr. Lee will become VP of Wood Products. Prior to this, Mr. Lee served as the Company’s
	President/Chairman of the Board of Directors beginning in September 1998. Mr. Lee, also known as Stephen Lee, is a graduate of
	Michigan State University with a Bachelor Degree in Social Sciences.  He received a Master of Science in Management from Shiga
	University in Japan in 1993 with a specialization in management and economics.  Mr. Lee is fluent in Chinese, Japanese and
	English. Mr. Lee has traveled extensively worldwide for Green Dragon handling purchasing, negotiations with client companies, logistics,
	and administration and finance.  He has more than thirteen (13) years of diverse product knowledge and global experience in
	wood products ranging from softwood to hardwood, log to lumber to veneer.  His experience extends to furniture, flooring,
	interior decoration, musical instruments, and sports equipment.





	 








	Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an
	Obligation under an Off Balance sheet Arrangement of a Registrant




	 



	As a condition to closing the Merger , the Company will enter
	into a convertible promissory note (the “Note”) with Mr. Lee in the principal sum of $300,000 (the “Principal
	Amount”). The Note bears no interest and has a term of six (6) months (the “Termination Date”). Prior to the
	Termination Date, the Principal Amount is convertible into a number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to three percent
	(3%) of the number of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding on the date of such conversion.




	 







	Item 9.01   Financial Statement and Exhibits.



	 


	(d)  Exhibits


	 





	Exhibit

	No.



	 



	Description






	2.1



	 



	Merger Agreement between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., Zeecol Acquisition Limited, Zeecol Limited and the shareholders of Zeecol Limited,  dated February 2, 2017





	 






	 


	-

	5

	-


	 









	 




	 





	SIGNATURES




	 



	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.






	 


	 





	Date: February 3, 2017



	 




	 


	 




	 



	/s/ Kwok Leung Lee





	 



	Name: Kwok Leung Lee





	 



	Title: Chief Executive Officer





	 






	 


	-

	6

	-


	 















	 



	Exhibit 2.1



	 


	AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


	 


	THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

	is made as of the 2

	nd

	day of February

	, 2017




	 



	AMONG:




	 




	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC

	.
	a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Florida, with offices located at Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre,
	9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong ("

	Green Dragon

	")



	 




	AND:




	 




	ZEECOL ACQUISITION LIMITED

	,
	a corporation formed pursuant to the laws of New Zealand and a wholly owned subsidiary of Green Dragon (the "

	Acquirer

	")


	 



	AND:



	 



	ZEECOL LIMITED

	, a New Zealand
	Corporation which was incorporated under the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand) (on September 12, 2011) ("

	Zeecol

	")



	 




	AND:



	 


	Coeus Limited (“

	Coeus

	”),
	Mildred Ann Olivet (“

	Olivet

	”), Russell Pearl Covarrubia ("

	Covarrubia

	"), Shirley Marshall ("

	Marshall

	"),
	Anthony Channon Baxter (“

	Baxter

	”) and Jennifer Catherine Campbell (“

	Campbell

	”), being the
	owners of 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Zeecol (Coeus, Olivet, Covarrubia, Marshall and Baxter are hereinafter
	referred to as the "

	Zeecol Shareholders

	").


	 


	WHEREAS:


	 


	A.           The
	Zeecol Shareholders own 1,000,000 shares of Zeecol, being 100% of the presently issued and outstanding shares of Zeecol ("

	Zeecol
	Shares

	");


	 



	B.           

	Green
	Dragon is a reporting company whose common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets under the following symbol


	“GDWP”;


	 



	C.           

	The
	respective Boards of Directors of Green Dragon, Zeecol and the Acquirer deem it advisable and in the best interests of Green Dragon,
	Zeecol and the Acquirer that the Acquirer merge with and into Zeecol (by way of a short form amalgamation under section 222(2)
	of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ)) (the "

	Merger

	") pursuant to this Agreement and the Articles of Merger (being an
	amalgamation proposal for the purposes of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ)), and the applicable provisions of the laws of New Zealand
	(the Companies Act 1993 (NZ));


	 



	D.           

	It
	is intended that the Merger shall qualify for United States federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning
	of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and


	 






	 



	1



	 







	 




	 


	E.           Contemporaneously
	with the Merger, Green Dragon will acquire 100% of the shares in Zeecol from the Zeecol Shareholders in exchange and in consideration
	for the issue of 116,561,667 shares of common stock in Green Dragon, par value $0.001 per share of Green Dragon common stock, to
	the Zeecol Shareholders as set out in this Agreement.


	 



	NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH
	THAT

	in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained herein,
	and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby
	agree as follows:


	 



	ARTICLE I




	THE MERGER




	 



	1.1           At
	the Closing, the Acquirer shall be merged with and amalgamated into Zeecol pursuant to this Agreement and the separate corporate
	existence of the Acquirer shall cease and Zeecol, as it exists from and after the Closing, shall be the surviving company (the
	“

	Surviving Company

	”).


	 



	Effect of the Merger



	 


	1.2           At
	Closing (i) all the rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises, of a public as well as of a private nature, and all
	property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due on whatever account, including without limitation subscriptions to shares,
	and all other choses in action, and all and every other interest of or belonging to or due to Zeecol or the Acquirer, as a group,
	subject to the terms hereof, shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to, and vested in, the Surviving Company without further
	act or deed; and all property, rights and privileges, immunities, powers and franchises and all and every other interest shall
	be thereafter as effectually the property of the Surviving Company, as they were of Zeecol and the Acquirer, as a group, and (ii)
	all debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of Zeecol and the Acquirer, as a group, subject to the terms hereof, shall become
	the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Company and the Surviving Company shall thenceforth be responsible and liable
	for all debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of Zeecol and the Acquirer, as a group, and neither the rights of creditors
	nor any liens upon the property of Zeecol or the Acquirer, as a group, shall be impaired by the Merger, and may be enforced against
	the Surviving Company.


	 



	Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors
	and Officers



	 


	1.3           The
	constitution of the Surviving Company from and after the Closing shall be the Constitution of Zeecol until thereafter amended in
	accordance with the provisions therein and as provided by the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand). The
	Directors of the Surviving Company shall continue to be the Directors of Zeecol as in effect immediately prior to the Closing,
	continuing until thereafter amended in accordance with their terms, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Company and
	as provided by the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand).


	 



	Exchange of Securities



	 






	1.4


	Green Dragon and the Zeecol Shareholders agree that, at
	the Closing and contemporaneously with the Merger, all of the Zeecol Shares will be acquired by Green Dragon in exchange for a
	total of 116,561,667 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Green Dragon ("

	Acquisition Shares

	")
	to be issued at Closing at an exchange rate of 116.561667 Green Dragon shares for each Zeecol Share (116.561667:1) as set out
	in the table in Article I, paragraph 1.4(c) below and as follows:




	 






	 



	2



	 







	 




	 






	(a)



	Delivery of Zeecol Shares

	. At the Closing and contemporaneously
	with the Merger and the issue of the Acquisition Shares as set out in Article I, paragraph 1.4(b) below, each Zeecol Shareholder
	shall deliver a duly executed transfer of all of the issued and outstanding Zeecol Shares owned by such shareholder so as to make
	Green Dragon the sole owner thereof, free and clear of all claims and encumbrances.




	 






	(b)



	Issue of Green Dragon Shares

	. At the Closing and
	contemporaneously with the Merger and the transfer of Zeecol Shares to Green Dragon as set out in Article I, paragraph 1.4(a)
	above, Green Dragon shall issue and deliver to the Zeecol Shareholders certificates representing all of the Acquisition Shares
	to be issued in exchange for the Zeecol Shares, as set out in the table in Article I, paragraph 1.4(c) below. In the alternative,
	Green Dragon may deliver to the Zeecol Shareholders duly executed instructions to its transfer agent for the immediate issuance
	of the Acquisition Shares.




	 






	(c)


	The following numbers of Green Dragon shares will, at Closing
	and as described in Article I, paragraphs 1.4(a) and (b), be delivered to the Zeecol Shareholders in exchange for the Zeecol Shares:




	 






	Shareholder


	 


	Number of Zeecol Shares


	 


	 


	Percentage


	 


	 


	Number of Acquisition Shares


	 


	 


	Percentage


	 




	Coeus


	 


	 


	980,000


	 


	 


	 


	98.00


	%


	 


	 


	114,230,434


	 


	 


	 


	98.00


	%




	Olivet


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%


	 


	 


	582,808


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%




	Covarrubia


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%


	 


	 


	582,808


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%




	Marshall


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%


	 


	 


	582,808


	 


	 


	 


	0.50


	%




	Baxter


	 


	 


	2,500


	 


	 


	 


	0.25


	%


	 


	 


	291,404


	 


	 


	 


	0.25


	%




	Campbell


	 


	 


	2,500


	 


	 


	 


	0.25


	%


	 


	 


	291,404


	 


	 


	 


	0.25


	%




	Total


	 


	 


	1,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	100.00


	%


	 


	 


	116,561,667


	 


	 


	 


	100.00


	%






	 



	Adherence with Applicable Securities Laws




	 



	1.5           The
	Zeecol Shareholders agree that they are acquiring the Acquisition Shares for investment purposes and will not offer, sell or otherwise
	transfer, pledge or hypothecate any of the Acquisition Shares issued to them (other than pursuant to an effective registration
	statement under the

	Securities Act of 1933

	, as amended) directly or indirectly unless:


	 






	(a)


	the sale is to Green Dragon;




	 






	(b)


	the sale is made pursuant to the exemption from registration
	under the

	Securities Act of 1933,as amended,

	provided by Rule 144 thereunder; or




	 






	(c)


	the Acquisition Shares are sold in a transaction that does
	not require registration under the

	Securities Act of 1933, as amended,

	or any applicable United States state laws and regulations
	governing the offer and sale of securities, and the vendor has furnished to Green Dragon an opinion of counsel to that effect
	or such other written opinion as may be reasonably required by Green Dragon.




	 


	The Zeecol Shareholders acknowledge that the
	certificates representing the Acquisition Shares shall bear the following legend:


	 






	 



	3



	 







	 




	 


	NO SALE, OFFER TO SELL, OR TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED
	BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE MADE UNLESS A REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE FEDERAL SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, IN RESPECT
	OF SUCH SHARES IS THEN IN EFFECT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT IS THEN IN FACT APPLICABLE TO SAID
	SHARES.


	 



	1.6 CLOSING.



	 


	(a) Closing shall take place on or before February 10, 2017 (unless
	such date is extended by the mutual agreement between Green Dragon and the Zeecol Shareholders) at the offices of Sheppard Mullin,
	Richter & Hampton LLP, or at such other place as the parties may mutually select, including via the electronic exchange of
	signatures.


	 


	(b) In addition to the share transfers to be delivered to Green
	Dragon pursuant to Article I, paragraph 1.4(a) above, Zeecol shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Green Dragon the following
	documents at or before Closing:


	 


	(1) Certified copy of the Minutes of the Meeting
	of the Board of Directors of Zeecol ratifying and approving this Agreement, the Merger and the Closing thereof;


	 


	(2) Certificate of good standing reflecting
	that Zeecol is a corporation in good standing under the Laws of New Zealand;


	 


	(3) Any and all other documents which may be
	reasonably requested by Green Dragon to effect and close this transaction.


	 


	(c) The Acquirer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Green
	Dragon the following documents at or before Closing:


	 


	(1) Certified copy of the Minutes of the Meeting
	of the Board of Directors of the Acquirer ratifying and approving this Agreement, the Merger and the Closing thereof;


	 


	(2) Certificate of good standing reflecting
	that the Acquirer is a corporation in good standing under the Laws of New Zealand;


	 


	(3) Any and all other documents which may be
	reasonably requested by Green Dragon to effect and close this transaction.


	 


	(d) The Acquirer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Zeecol
	the following documents at or before Closing:


	 






	(1)


	director's resolution signed by the Acquirer's director
	approving the Merger as required by section 222(2)(a) of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ);








	(2)


	director's certificate signed by the Acquirer's director
	that Zeecol will satisfy the solvency test immediately after the Merger has become effective plus the ground for the director's
	belief that this will be the case as required by section 222(5) of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ);




	 






	 



	4



	 







	 




	 






	(3)


	director's certificate signed by the Acquirer's director
	that the Merger has been approved in accordance with the Companies Act 1993 (NZ) and with the Acquirer's constitution as required
	by section 223(c) of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ); and








	(4)


	any and all other documents which may be reasonably requested
	by Zeecol to effect and close this transaction.




	 


	(e) In addition to the share certificates or transfer agent instructions
	to be delivered to the selling Zeecol Shareholders pursuant to Article I, paragraph 1.4(b) above, Green Dragon shall deliver to
	Zeecol the following documents at or before Closing:


	 


	(1) The executed agreement, a form of which
	is attached hereto as Exhibit “A”, wherein Kwok Leung “Stephen” Lee (“

	Mr. Lee

	”) returns
	20,120,000 shares of common stock of Green Dragon which he owned back to Green Dragon’s authorized capital (the “

	Return
	of Equity to Authorized Capital Agreement

	”);


	 


	(2) Certified resolutions of the Board of Directors
	of Green Dragon ratifying and approving this Agreement (and all transactions contemplated by it), the Merger and the Closing thereof
	and expressly authorizing the issuance of the Acquisition Shares as required by this Agreement;


	 


	(3) A certificate of good standing of Green
	Dragon reflecting that Green Dragon is in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation;


	 


	(4) A copy of the Articles of Amendment of
	the Series A Preferred Stock (the


	"

	Articles of Amendment

	"), a form of which is attached hereto as “Exhibit
	B”, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State, wherein the Articles of Amendment will modify the rights of the holders
	of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, the only holder of such shares being Mr. Lee (the “

	Holder

	”). Each
	share of Series A Preferred Stock shall exist until the date that is six (6) months from the date of filing the Articles of Amendment
	(the “Expiration Date”), unless extended in certain circumstances as set forth therein. On or prior to the Expiration
	Date, Green Dragon has the option to cause the Holder to redeem all of the 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by
	the Holder to Green Dragon in exchange for the business (including all of the assets and the liabilities) of Green Dragon that
	existed just prior to February 2, 2017, (the “

	Existing Green Dragon Business

	”) (the “

	Mandatory Redemption

	”).
	Additionally, on or prior to the Expiration Date, the Holder may redeem his shares of Series A Preferred Stock by redeeming all
	of his shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Green Dragon in exchange for the Existing Green Dragon Business (the “

	Holder
	Optional Redemption

	”). or prior to the Expiration Date, the Holder has the option to convert all of the shares of Series
	A Preferred Stock he owns into a number of shares of Common Stock to be mutually agreed upon by and between the Holder and Green
	Dragon at the time of conversion; provided, however, that the Holder shall be entitled to receive at least a minimum of $500,000
	worth of shares of Common Stock, based on the fair market value of such Common Stock on the date of conversion;


	 


	(5) Any and all other documents as may be reasonably
	required by the Zeecol Shareholders to close this Agreement.


	 


	(f) Green Dragon shall deliver the executed
	Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $300,000 issued to Mr. Lee (the “

	Lee Note

	”), a form of which is
	attached hereto as “Exhibit C.”


	 






	 



	5



	 







	 




	 



	1.7. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.



	 


	It is the intent of the parties that immediately after the Closing,
	as soon as practicable, Green Dragon shall cause the current officers and directors of Green Dragon to resign and to be replaced
	by designees of Zeecol. Green Dragon shall undertake the steps necessary to elect or appoint the Zeecol designees, including the
	filing of a proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Immediately after the Closing, Green Dragon shall have
	a Board of Directors consisting of Messrs. William Mook and Stephen Lee. Mr. Lee has committed to serve on the board of the public
	company for a minimum of 90 days following the Closing.


	 



	1.8 CORPORATE NAME CHANGE.



	 


	It is the intent of the parties that after the Closing, as soon
	as practicable, Green Dragon shall undertake the steps necessary (including the filing of a proxy statement with the Securities
	and Exchange Commission and all steps required by the Secretary of State of Florida) to change its corporate name to "

	Zeecol
	International, Inc.

	”


	 



	1.9 CURRENT REPORT DISCLOSURE.



	 


	Within four (4) business days of the execution of this Agreement,
	Green Dragon shall file a current report on Form 8-K disclosing the execution of this Agreement.


	 



	ARTICLE III




	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES




	OF




	GREEN DRAGON



	 


	Green Dragon, intending the Zeecol Shareholders to rely thereon,
	represents, warrants and agrees as follows:


	 


	3.1. Green Dragon is, as of the date of this Agreement, a validly
	existing corporation in good standing, duly organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida, with all legal and corporate
	authority and power to conduct its business as now being conducted and to own its properties and to the best of its


	knowledge it possesses all necessary permits and licenses required
	in connection with the conduct of its business.


	 


	3.2. The conduct of Green Dragon's present business is, to the best
	of its knowledge, in material compliance with all applicable, federal, state and local governmental statutes, rules, regulations,
	ordinances and decrees.


	 


	3.3. Pursuant to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, Green
	Dragon is authorized to issue 450,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 23,725,000 shares are presently issued and outstanding.
	Green Dragon is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 2,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares are presently
	issued and outstanding; There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants or other agreements or commitments obligating
	Green Dragon to issue or to sell any additional shares of its stock or any options or rights with respect thereto, or any securities
	convertible into any shares of stock of any class.


	 






	 



	6



	 







	 




	 


	3.4. Upon issuance of the Acquisition Shares to the Zeecol Shareholders,
	the Zeecol Shareholders will become the owners of a total of 116,561,667 shares of Green Dragon's authorized, issued and outstanding
	Common Stock.


	 


	3.5. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation
	of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not result in a breach of any of the
	terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Green Dragon; any indenture,
	other agreement or instrument to which the corporation is a party or by which it or its assets are bound; or any applicable regulation,
	judgment, order or decree of any governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the corporation,
	its securities or its properties.


	 


	3.6. Green Dragon is not a party to any written or oral agreement
	which grants an option or right of first refusal or other arrangement to acquire any of its stock or to any agreement that affects
	the voting rights of any of its stock, nor has such company made any commitment of any kind relating to the issuance of shares
	of any of its stock, whether by subscription, right of conversion, option or otherwise.


	 


	3.7. Green Dragon, to the best of its knowledge, has filed with
	the appropriate governmental agencies all tax returns and tax reports required to be filed, in correct form; federal, state and
	local income, franchise, sales, use, occupation or other taxes due have been fully paid or adequately reserved for; to the extent
	that tax liabilities have accrued, but have not become payable, they are adequately reflected as liabilities on the books of the
	company; and Green Dragon is not a party to any action or proceeding by any governmental authority for assessment or collection
	of taxes, nor has any claim for assessments been asserted against Green Dragon.


	 


	3.8. There are presently no contingent liabilities, factual circumstances,
	threatened or pending litigation, contractually assumed obligations or unasserted possible claims which are known to Green Dragon,
	which might result in a material adverse change in the future financial condition or operations of Green Dragon other than as previously
	disclosed to Zeecol or reflected in Green Dragon's audited financial statements provided to Zeecol.


	 


	3.9. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
	the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent, authority or approval of any other person or entity except such
	as have been obtained.


	 


	3.10. No transactions have been entered into either by or on behalf
	of Green Dragon, other than in the ordinary course of business, nor have any acts been performed (including within the definition
	of the term "performed" the failure to perform any required acts) which would adversely affect the goodwill of Green
	Dragon.


	 


	3.11. The entering into this Agreement and the performance thereof
	has been duly and validly authorized by all required corporate action.


	 


	3.12. At Closing, Green Dragon shall not have any debt or liability
	nor any contract or commitment, which will require the payment of any sum, other than as described in Green Dragon’s public
	filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC Filings”).


	 


	3.13. The Audited Financial Statements for Green Dragon (all available
	on EDGAR) were prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied during the periods, and
	present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and changes in financial position, of Green Dragon.


	 






	 



	7



	 







	 




	 


	3.14. Except as set forth in the Audited Financial Statements of
	Green Dragon, Green Dragon is the owner, free and clear of any liens, pledges, or encumbrances, of all of the property and assets
	set forth in its balance sheets;


	 


	3.15. Green Dragon has no material liabilities or obligations except
	those disclosed in the Audited Financial Statements of Green Dragon and does not have any knowledge of facts, which would require
	the setting up of additional reserves with respect thereto;


	 


	3.16. Green Dragon is not in default under or in breach of the provisions
	of any debt, security, mortgage, indebtedness, material contract, or agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound,
	which default or breach would materially adversely affect its business or properties or condition, financial or otherwise, or would
	result in the creation of a lien or charge upon any of the properties or assets of Green Dragon;


	 


	3.17. No waiver, indulgence or postponement of any of the obligations
	of Green Dragon has been granted by any obligee;


	 


	3.18. There exists no event, current condition, or act which, with
	the giving of notice of the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or condition, would become a default under or breach
	of any such debt, security, mortgage, indebtedness, or material contract, or would result in the creation of a lien or charge upon
	the properties or assets of Green Dragon as reflected in its Audited Financial Statements. None of the terms of any debt, security,
	mortgage indebtedness or other material contract or any other contract agreement would prevent the consummation of the Closing
	of this Agreement;


	 


	3.19. There has been no adverse material change in the business
	or financial position and no event, condition or state of facts which materially and adversely affects, or threatens to materially
	and adversely affect, the business or results of operations or financial condition of Green Dragon;


	 


	3.20. There are no loans, accrued obligations, liabilities, claims,
	or contractual obligations owed by Green Dragon to any of its Officers, Directors, or Stockholders other than the Lee Note;


	 


	3.21. There is no suit, action, or legal, administrative, arbitration
	or other proceeding or governmental investigation, or any change in the zoning, building, or licensing ordinances affecting the
	real property or any significant leasehold interests of Green Dragon, pending or threatened, which might affect the business, financial
	condition, or earnings of Green Dragon;


	 


	3.22. Other than as described in the SEC Filings, Green Dragon does
	not have any debts and liabilities over $10,000 nor any contracts or commitments which will require the payment of over $10,000
	which will survive the Merger.


	 


	3.23. The shares of Green Dragon being acquired by the Zeecol Shareholders
	hereby are duly and validly authorized, issued and outstanding and are fully paid and nonassessable. There are no adverse claims
	against such shares or liens and encumbrances thereon. There are no agreements between Green Dragon and any other individual or
	entity which would prevent or affect the consummation of the transaction provided for in this Agreement;


	 


	3.24. The corporate record book of Green Dragon is complete and
	contains all amendments to the Articles, Bylaws and all Minutes of meetings of its Directors and Shareholders; and


	 






	 



	8



	 







	 




	 


	3.25. This Agreement and any Exhibits to this Agreement and all
	documents delivered to Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders at the Closing in connection with this transaction are true and correct.
	The representations and warranties made by Green Dragon in this Agreement contain no untrue statements of material facts and do
	not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein not misleading. Notwithstanding any investigation
	that may be made by Zeecol and/or the Zeecol Shareholders, all representations and warranties of Green Dragon made in this Agreement
	shall be deemed to have been made both at the time of the execution of this Agreement and at the Closing and shall survive the
	Closing of this Agreement.


	 


	The foregoing representations, warranties and agreements shall be
	true and correct as of the effective date of the reorganization. Such representations, warranties and agreements shall survive
	the reorganization until July 30, 2017. None of such representations, warranties and agreements contain on the date hereof, or
	shall contain as of the effective date of the reorganization, any false or misleading statement of a material fact or omit to state
	any material fact necessary in order to make the representations, warranties and agreements that are made not misleading.


	 



	ARTICLE IV




	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES




	OF




	ZEECOL



	 


	Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders, intending
	Green Dragon to rely thereon, represents and warrants as follows:


	 


	4.1. Zeecol is, as of the date of this Agreement, a validly existing
	corporation in good standing, duly organized pursuant to the laws of New Zealand with all legal and corporate authority and power
	to conduct its business as now being conducted and to own its properties and it possesses all necessary permits and licenses required
	in connection with the conduct of its business.


	 


	4.2. The conduct of Zeecol's business is, to the best of its knowledge,
	in material compliance with all applicable, federal, state and local governmental statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and
	decrees.


	 


	4.3. Pursuant to its constitution Zeecol is authorized to issue
	1,000,000 shares of no par value, of which 1,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding. There are no other authorized or outstanding
	equity or debt securities of Zeecol of any kind or character, and there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants or
	other agreements or commitments obligating the corporation, to issue or to sell any additional shares of Zeecol's stock or any
	options or rights with respect thereto, or any securities convertible into any shares of stock of any class.


	 


	4.4. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation
	of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not result in a breach of any of the
	terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, the constitution of Zeecol; any indenture, other agreement or instrument
	to which such corporation is a party or by which it or its assets are bound; or any applicable regulation, judgment, order or decree
	of any governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the corporation, its securities or
	its properties.


	 


	4.5. Zeecol is not a party to any written or oral agreement which
	grants an option or right of first refusal or other arrangement to acquire any of the stock or to any agreement that affects the
	voting rights of any of the stock, nor is there any commitment of any kind relating to the issuance of shares of any of its stock,
	whether by subscription, right of conversion, option or otherwise.


	 






	 



	9



	 







	 




	 


	4.6. Zeecol is not a party to any agreement or understanding for
	the sale or exchange of inventory or services for consideration other than cash or at a discount in excess of normal discounts
	for quantity or for cash payment.


	 


	4.7. Zeecol has filed with the appropriate governmental agencies
	all tax returns and tax reports required to be filed in correct form; all federal, state and local income, franchise, sales, use,
	occupation or other taxes due have been fully paid or adequately reserved for; to the extent that tax liabilities have accrued,
	but have not become payable, they are adequately reflected as liabilities on the books of such company; and Zeecol is not a party
	to any action or proceeding by any governmental authority for assessment or collection of taxes, nor has any claim for assessment
	been asserted against Zeecol.


	 


	4.8. There are presently no contingent liabilities, factual circumstances,
	threatened or pending litigation, contractually assumed obligations or unasserted possible claims which are known to Zeecol, which
	might result in a material adverse change in the future financial condition or operations of Zeecol other than as previously disclosed
	to Green Dragon or reflected in Zeecol's financial statements provided to Green Dragon.


	 


	4.9. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
	the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent, authority or approval of any other person or entity except such
	as have been obtained.


	 


	4.10. No transactions have been entered into either by or on behalf
	of Zeecol, other than in the ordinary course of business nor have any acts been performed (including within the definition of the
	term "performed" the failure to perform any required acts) which would adversely affect the goodwill of Zeecol.


	 


	4.11. The entering into of this Agreement and the performance thereof
	have been duly and validly authorized by all required corporate action and do not require any consents other than such as have
	been unconditionally obtained.


	 


	4.12. Zeecol is the owner, free and clear of any liens, pledges,
	or encumbrances, of all of its property and assets;


	 


	4.13. Zeecol has no material liabilities or obligations except for
	a NZD$500,000 convertible note owned by Coeus. Zeecol does not have any knowledge of facts that would require the setting up of
	additional reserves with respect thereto;


	 


	4.14. Zeecol is not in default under or in breach of the provisions
	of any debt, security, mortgage, indebtedness, material contract, or agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound,
	which default or breach would materially adversely affect its business or properties or condition, financial or otherwise, or would
	result in the creation of a lien or charge upon any of the properties or assets of Zeecol;


	 


	4.15. No waiver, indulgence or postponement of any of the obligations
	of Zeecol has been granted by any obligee.


	 


	4.16. There exists no event, current condition, or act which, with
	the giving of notice of the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or condition, would become a default under or breach
	of any such debt, security, mortgage, indebtedness, or material contract, or would result in the creation of a lien or charge upon
	the properties or assets of Zeecol. None of the terms of any debt, security, mortgage indebtedness or other material contract or
	any other contract or agreement would prevent the consummation of the Closing of this Agreement.


	 






	 



	10



	 







	 




	 


	4.17. There has been no adverse material change in the business
	or consolidated financial position, and no event, condition or state of facts which materially and adversely affects, or threatens
	to materially and adversely affect, the business or results of operations or financial condition of Zeecol.


	 


	4.18. With the exception of NZD $500,000 in shareholder loans to
	Coeus, there are no loans, accrued obligations, liabilities, claims, or contractual obligations owed by Zeecol to any of its Officers,
	Directors, or Stockholders.


	 


	4.19. There is no suit, action, or legal, administrative, arbitration
	or other proceeding or governmental investigation, or any change in the zoning, building, or licensing ordinances affecting the
	real property or any significant leasehold interests of Zeecol and its subsidiary, pending or threatened, which might affect the
	business, financial condition, or earnings of Zeecol.


	 


	4.20. With the exception of the shareholder loans mentioned in paragraph
	18, Zeecol does not have any debts and liabilities over $5,000 nor any contracts or commitments which will require the payment
	of over $5,000 which will survive the reorganization.


	 


	4.21. The shares of Zeecol owned by the Zeecol Shareholders hereby
	are duly and validly authorized, issued and outstanding and are fully paid and nonassessable. To the best of Zeecol's knowledge,
	the Zeecol Shareholders are the legal and beneficial owners of the shares claimed to be owned by them and, to the best of Zeecol's
	knowledge, there are no adverse claims against such shares or liens and encumbrances thereon. To the best of Zeecol's knowledge,
	there are no agreements between any of the Zeecol Shareholders and any other individual or entity which would prevent or affect
	the consummation of the transaction provided for in this Agreement.


	 


	4.22. The corporate record book of Zeecol is complete and contains
	all amendments to the constitution and all Minutes of meetings of Directors and Shareholders.


	 


	4.23 Attached as Exhibit 4.23 are the financial statements of Zeecol
	for the year ended March 31, 2016, as audited by Nexia Christchurch Limited. Such financial statements present fairly the financial
	position, results of operations, and changes in financial position of Zeecol for the periods presented. As of March 31, 2016, Zeecol
	had no material liabilities or obligations except those disclosed in the financial statements presented and did not have any knowledge
	of facts, which would require the setting up of additional reserves with respect thereto.


	 


	4.24. This Agreement and any Exhibits to this Agreement and all
	documents delivered to Green Dragon by Zeecol at the Closing in connection with this transaction are true and correct. The representations
	and warranties made by Zeecol in this Agreement contain no untrue statements of material facts and do not omit to state a material
	fact necessary to make the statements contained herein not misleading.


	 


	Notwithstanding any investigation that may be made by Green Dragon,
	all representations and warranties of Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders made in this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made
	both at the time of the execution of this Agreement and at the Closing and shall survive the Closing of this Agreement.


	 


	The foregoing representations, warranties and agreements and those
	contained in Article I, Paragraph 4 above shall be true and correct as of the effective date of the reorganization. Such representations,
	warranties and agreements shall survive the reorganization until July 30, 2017.


	 






	 



	11



	 







	 




	 


	 


	None of such representations, warranties and agreements contain
	on the date hereof, or shall contain as of the effective date of the reorganization, any false or misleading statement of a material
	fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the representations, warranties and agreements contained herein
	not misleading.


	 



	ARTICLE V




	CONDUCT OF GREEN DRAGON BEFORE CLOSING



	 


	5.1. From the execution of this Agreement to Closing, Green Dragon
	shall not take any action, or enter into any agreement, that would constitute or cause any inducement, representation or warranty
	of Green Dragon contained in this Agreement to become untrue, nor take any action or enter into any agreement that would constitute
	or cause a breach of this Agreement. Specifically, but not in limitation of the foregoing, Green Dragon shall not:


	 


	(a) enter into any employment or consulting agreement or otherwise
	create any employment relationship or salary/wage/compensation/remuneration liability;


	 


	(b) amend its Articles of Incorporation and/or By-Laws, except as
	described in Article I, paragraph 1.6(e)(4) above;


	 


	(c) issue or agree to issue any stock or other securities, including
	any right, warrant or option to purchase or otherwise acquire any of its stock or securities;


	 


	(d) issue any bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness;


	 


	(e) declare or pay any dividend (whether in cash, property, or securities);


	 


	(f) purchase or redeem any of its stock, other than as set forth
	in the Return of Equity to Authorized Capital Agreement;


	 


	(g) enter into any Agreement, whether written or oral, which shall
	survive the Closing except agreements which are executed in the ordinary course of business; or


	 


	(h) sell, lease, or encumber, or enter into any agreement to do
	any of the foregoing with respect to any real or personal property owned by it except in the ordinary course of business.


	 


	Green Dragon will use its best efforts to preserve
	intact the business organization of Green Dragon, to keep available to it the services of its present officers and employees, to
	preserve its present relationships with persons having significant business relations with it, to maintain all of its properties
	in customary repair and condition and to maintain insurance policies in respect of its business and properties consistent with
	current practice.


	 






	 



	12



	 







	 




	 



	ARTICLE VI




	CONDUCT OF ZEECOL BEFORE CLOSING



	 


	6.1. From the execution of this Agreement to Closing, Zeecol shall
	not take any action, or enter into any agreement, that would constitute or cause any inducement, representation or warranty of
	Zeecol contained in this Agreement to become untrue, nor take any action or enter into any agreement that would constitute or cause
	a breach of this Agreement. Specifically, but not in limitation of the foregoing, Zeecol shall not:


	 


	(a) enter into any employment/consulting or consulting agreement
	or otherwise create any employment relationship or salary/wage/ compensation/remuneration liability;


	 


	(b) amend its constitution, except as necessary to effectuate the
	Merger;


	 


	(c) issue or agree to issue any stock or other securities, including
	any right, warrant or option to purchase or otherwise acquire any of its stock or securities;


	 


	(d) issue any bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness;


	 


	(e) declare or pay any dividend (whether in cash, property, or securities);


	 


	(f) purchase or redeem any of its stock;


	 


	(g) enter into any Agreement, whether written or oral, which shall
	survive the Closing except agreements which are executed in the ordinary course of business;


	or


	 


	(h) sell, lease, or encumber, or enter into any agreement to do
	any of the foregoing, any real or personal property owned by it except in the ordinary course of business.


	 


	Zeecol will use its best efforts to preserve
	intact the business organization of Zeecol, to keep available to it the services of its present officers and employees, to preserve
	its present relationships with persons having significant business relations with it, to maintain all of its properties in customary
	repair and condition and to maintain insurance policies in respect of its business and properties consistent with current practice.


	 



	ARTICLE VII




	CONDUCT OF PARTIES PENDING CLOSING




	 



	7.1. Green Dragon and Zeecol each agree to give to the other and
	the authorized representatives of the other full access to all the premises and books and records of it and to furnish the other
	with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of it as the other shall
	from time to time request; provided, however, that any such investigation shall not affect any of the representations and warranties
	hereunder; and provided further, that any such investigation shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably
	with the operation of the business of the other.


	 


	In the event of termination of this agreement, Zeecol and Green
	Dragon will each return to the other all documents, work papers and other material obtained from the other in connection with the
	transactions contemplated hereby and will use all reasonable efforts to keep confidential any information obtained pursuant to
	this agreement unless such information is readily ascertainable from public or published information or trade sources.


	 


	7.2. Each of Zeecol and Green Dragon shall use its best efforts
	to obtain the consent or approval of each person whose consent or approval shall be required in order to permit the Zeecol Shareholders
	or Green Dragon, as the case may be, to consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement (including the Merger).


	 






	 



	13



	 







	 




	 



	ARTICLE VIII




	CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF GREEN DRAGON




	 



	The obligations of Green Dragon to consummate
	the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, at or before the Closing date, of the following
	conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by Green Dragon in its sole discretion:


	 


	8.1. All representations and warranties made by Zeecol and the Zeecol
	Shareholders in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing date as if again made
	by Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders on and as of such date, and, if the Closing date is other than the date hereof, Green Dragon
	shall have received a certificate dated the Closing date and signed by Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders to that effect.


	 


	8.2. Zeecol, the Acquirer and the Zeecol Shareholders shall have
	performed in all material respects all obligations required under this Agreement to be performed by them on or before the Closing
	date.


	 


	8.3. No preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued
	by any court or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, nor any statute, rule, regulation, decree or executive
	order promulgated or enacted by any government or governmental or regulatory authority, which declares this Agreement invalid in
	any respect or prevents the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or which materially and adversely affects the
	assets, properties, operations, prospects, net income or financial condition of Zeecol shall be in effect; and no action or proceeding
	before any court or


	governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, shall
	have been instituted by any government or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, or by any other person or
	entity, which seeks to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which challenges
	the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.


	 


	8.4. During the period from the date hereof to the Closing date,
	there shall not have been any event, development, occurrence or change that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material
	adverse effect on the financial position of Zeecol.


	 


	8.5. Green Dragon shall have received such other duly executed certificates,
	instruments and documents in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as Green Dragon or its counsel may
	reasonably request.


	 


	8.6. All certificates, instruments and other documents required
	to be executed or delivered by or on behalf of Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders under the provisions of this Agreement, and all
	other actions and proceedings required to be taken by or on behalf of Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders in furtherance of the
	transactions contemplated hereby, shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for Green Dragon.


	 






	 



	14



	 







	 




	 



	ARTICLE IX




	CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS




	OF ZEECOL AND THE SELLING




	ZEECOL SHAREHOLDERS



	 


	The obligations of Zeecol, the Acquirer and the Zeecol Shareholders
	to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, at or before the Closing date, of
	the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by Zeecol and the Zeecol Shareholders.


	 


	9.1. All representations and warranties made by Green Dragon in
	this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing date as if again made by Green Dragon
	on and as of such date, and if the Closing date is other than the date hereof, Zeecol shall have received a certificate dated the
	Closing date and signed by the President of Green Dragon to that effect.


	 


	9.2. Green Dragon and the Acquirer shall have performed in all material
	respects all obligations required under this Agreement to be performed by them on or before the Closing date, and Zeecol shall
	have received a certificate dated the Closing date and signed by the President of Green Dragon to that effect.


	 


	9.3. All consents, waivers, authorizations and approvals required
	in order for Green Dragon to deliver its shares as required hereunder shall have been duly obtained and shall be in full force
	and effect on the Closing date.


	 


	9.4. No preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued
	by any court or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, nor any statute, rule, regulation, decree or executive
	order promulgated or enacted by any government or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, that declares this
	Agreement invalid or unenforceable in any respect or which prevents the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall
	be in effect; and no action or proceeding before any court or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, shall
	have been instituted by any


	government or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or
	foreign, or by any other person or entity, which seeks to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
	this Agreement or which challenges the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.


	 


	9.5. During the period from the date hereof to the Closing date,
	there shall not have been any event, development, occurrence or change that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material
	adverse effect on the financial position of Green Dragon.


	 


	9.6. Zeecol shall have received such other duly executed certificates,
	instruments and documents in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by this agreement as Zeecol or its counsel may reasonably
	request.


	 


	9.7. All certificates, instruments, opinions and other documents
	required to be executed or delivered by or on behalf of Green Dragon and the Acquirer under the provisions of this Agreement, and
	all other actions and proceedings required to be taken by or on behalf of Green Dragon and the Acquirer in furtherance of the transactions
	contemplated hereby, shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for Zeecol.


	 


	9.8. Each of the officers and directors of Green Dragon, other than
	Mr. Lee, shall have tendered his or her resignations as officers and directors of Green Dragon on or before the date set for closing.


	 



	ARTICLE X




	TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT



	 


	10.1. This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated
	hereby may be abandoned at any time before the Closing:


	 






	 



	15



	 







	 




	 


	(a) by the mutual written consent of Green Dragon and Zeecol;


	 


	(b) by Green Dragon if all the conditions set forth in Article VIII
	of this Agreement shall not have been satisfied or waived on or before the Closing date;


	 


	(c) by the Zeecol Shareholders, if all the conditions set forth
	in Article IX of this Agreement shall not have been satisfied or waived on or before the Closing date;


	 


	(d) by the Zeecol Shareholders or Green Dragon if the other party
	or parties hereto fail to comply in any material respect with any of its or their covenants or agreements contained herein, or
	breaches its or their representations and warranties in any material way; by the Zeecol Shareholders or by Green Dragon if a court
	of competent jurisdiction or governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or commission shall have issued an order, decree
	or taken any other action (which order, decree or ruling the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to lift), which permanently
	restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (e) By the Zeecol Shareholders or
	Green Dragon at any time after February 10, 2017 if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to such date, and the Zeecol Shareholders
	and Green Dragon have not mutually agreed to extend such date.


	 


	10.2. In the event of termination and abandonment of this Agreement
	pursuant to Section 1 of this Article X, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party or parties and this
	Agreement shall terminate and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned, without further action by Zeecol, the Zeecol
	Shareholders or Green Dragon. If this Agreement is terminated as provided herein, no party to this Agreement shall have any liability
	or further obligation to any other party to this Agreement; provided, however, that no termination of this Agreement pursuant to
	this Article XI shall relieve any party of liability for breach of any provision of this Agreement occurring before such termination.


	 



	ARTICLE XI




	POST-CLOSING COVENANT OF THE ZEECOL SHAREHOLDERS




	 



	11.1 The Zeecol Shareholders covenant that in n the event that the
	Holder of the Series A Preferred Stock elects to redeem his shares of Series A Preferred Stock by exercising his right to a Holder
	Optional Redemption (as such term is defined above and in the Articles of Amendment), and shareholder approval is required to effectuate
	the Holder Optional Redemption pursuant to applicable state or federal law, the Zeecol Shareholders covenant to vote in favor of
	the transaction contemplated by the Holder Optional Redemption, in order to ensure that such Holder Optional Redemption is effectuated.



	 




	ARTICLE XII




	MISCELLANEOUS



	 



	12.1. NOTICES

	. All notices to a party shall be deemed given
	when mailed by registered or certified mail to the address set forth below or such other address as may be substituted therefore
	by notice:


	 


	To the Zeecol Shareholders:


	 


	Coeus Limited c/- Nexia Christchurch Limited- Russley


	30 Sir William Pickering Drive


	Burnside, Christchurch, 8053


	New Zealand


	 






	 



	16



	 







	 




	 


	With a copy to:


	 


	Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP


	30 Rockefeller Plaza, 39

	th

	Floor


	New York, NY 10012


	Attention: Andrea Cataneo


	 


	TO: Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.


	 


	Mr. Stephen Lee


	Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre


	9 Science Museum Road


	Kowloon, Hong Kong


	 


	With a copy to:


	 


	Sichenzia Ross Ference Kesner, LLP


	61 Broadway, 32

	nd

	Floor


	New York, NY 10006


	Attention: Benjamin Tan


	 



	12.2. INTEGRATION.

	This Agreement is the entire Agreement
	among the parties and supersedes any other prior agreement(s) among the parties with respect thereto except as herein specified.
	There are no representations, warranties or other agreements except as expressed in this Agreement. No alteration, modification,
	or waiver of term or condition hereof shall be binding unless in writing and signed by all parties.


	 



	12.3. AMENDMENTS.

	This Agreement may be amended only with
	the written approval of both parties to the Agreement; provided, however, that no such amendment may be made that would cause a
	breach of any warranty or representation herein.


	 



	12.4. NO ASSIGNMENT.

	This agreement may not be assigned by
	any party or by operation of law or otherwise.


	 



	12.5. CONSTRUCTION.

	Whenever required by the context hereof,
	the masculine gender shall be deemed to include the feminine and neuter; and the singular member shall be deemed to include the
	plural. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been mutually prepared by all parties and shall not be construed against any particular
	party as the draftsman.


	 



	12.6. INTERPRETATION.

	It is the intent of the parties that
	this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted, and that all questions arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with
	the provisions of the laws of the State of Florida.


	 



	12.7. BINDING EFFECT.

	This Agreement shall be binding upon
	and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.


	 



	12.8. VENUE.

	Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out
	of or resulting from this Agreement, or the breach thereof, that cannot be resolved by negotiation, shall be resolved in accordance
	with the laws of the State of Florida. Venue for any dispute involving this controversy shall be proper in the Courts of Florida
	or the United States District Court in Florida. The prevailing party in any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be entitled
	to costs and attorney fees.


	 






	 



	17



	 







	 




	 



	12.9. COUNTERPARTS.

	This Agreement may be executed in two
	or more counterparts, any one of which shall be deemed to be an original.


	 



	12.10. BROKERS' OR FINDERS' FEES.

	No agent, broker, person,
	or firm acting on behalf of either party or any of their subsidiaries or under the authority of any of them is or will be entitled
	to any commission or broker's or finder's fee or financial advisory fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
	herein.


	 



	12.11. EXHIBITS.

	All Exhibits described herein which are
	not attached to the Agreement at execution shall be attached within three calendar days thereafter, but not later than the Closing
	date. Each agreement shall be mutually agreed to by all parties and shall bear the signature of the party submitting same.


	 






	 



	18



	 







	 





	 




	IN WITNESS WHEREOF

	, and intending to be legally bound, the
	parties have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year first above written.


	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.




	 






	By:



	/s/

	Kwok Leung Lee



	 




	 



	Kwok Leung “Stephen” Lee, President



	 




	 



	ZEECOL LIMITED



	 





	By:



	/s/ William Mook


	 




	 



	William Mook, Director



	 




	 



	ZEECOL ACQUISITION LIMITED



	 





	By:



	/s/ William Mook


	 




	 



	William Mook, Director



	 






	ZEECOL SHAREHOLDERS:






	 



	COEUS LIMITED



	 





	By:



	/s/ William Mook


	 




	 



	William Mook, Director



	 




	 






	MILDRED ANN OLIVET




	 




	/s/ Mildred Ann Olivet


	 





	 







	RUSSELL PEARL COVARRUBIA




	 




	/s/ Russell Pearl Covarrubia


	 




	 






	SHIRLEY MARSHALL




	 




	/s/ Shirley Marshall


	 





	 







	ANTHONY CHANNON BAXTER




	 




	/s/ Anthony Channon Baxter


	 





	 







	JENNIFER CATHERINE CAMPBELL




	 




	/s/ Jennifer Catherine Campbell


	 




	 






	 



	19



	 







	 





	 





	Exhibit A 




	 




	RETURN OF EQUITY TO AUTHORIZED CAPITAL
	AGREEMENT


	 


	THIS AGREEMENT

	is
	made as of the [  ] day of February

	, 2017.




	 



	BETWEEN:




	 





	Green
	dragon wood products, inc



	.,

	a corporation formed pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida (the “

	Company

	”).


	 



	AND:



	 



	KWOK LEUNG LEE

	(the “Shareholder”).


	 



	WHEREAS:



	 



	A.           

	The
	Shareholder is the registered and beneficial owner of twenty million and one hundred and twenty thousand (20,120,000) shares of
	the Company’s common stock.


	 



	B.           

	The
	Company is a party to the certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Zeecol Limited, a New Zealand Corporation
	(“

	Zeecol

	”), Zeecol Acquisition Limited, a New Zealand Corporation and the shareholders of Zeecol (the “

	Merger


	Agreement

	”).


	 



	C.           

	In
	connection with the aforementioned Merger Agreement, the Shareholder has agreed to return an aggregate of twenty million and one
	hundred and twenty thousand (20,120,000) shares of the Company’s common stock (the “

	Surrendered Shares

	”)
	to the treasury of the Company for the sole purpose of the Company retiring the Surrendered Shares.


	 



	NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH
	THAT

	in consideration of the premises and sum of $10.00 now paid by the Company to the Shareholder, the receipt and sufficiency
	whereof is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:


	 



	Surrender of Shares



	 


	1.          The
	Shareholder hereby surrenders to the Company the Surrendered Shares by delivering to the Company herewith a share certificate or
	certificates representing the Surrendered Shares, duly endorsed for transfer in blank, signatures medallion guaranteed. The Company
	hereby acknowledges receipt from the Shareholder of the certificates for the sole purpose of retiring the Surrendered Shares.


	 



	Retirement of Shares



	 


	2.          The
	Company agrees, subject to section 3 hereof, to forthwith simultaneously with the closing of the Merger Agreement retire the Surrendered
	Shares.


	 



	Condition Precedent



	 


	3.          Notwithstanding
	any other provision herein, in the event that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement do not close on or before the
	deadline set forth in said Merger Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall forthwith return to the Shareholder
	the certificates representing the Surrendered Shares.


	 






	 


	-

	1

	-


	 







	 




	 



	Representations and Warranties



	 


	4.          The
	Shareholder represents and warrants to the Company that he is the owner of the Surrendered Shares and that he has good and marketable
	title to the Surrendered Shares and that the Surrendered Shares are free and clear of all liens, security interests or pledges
	of any kind whatsoever.


	 



	General



	 


	5.          Each
	of the parties will execute and deliver such further and other documents and do and perform such further and other acts as any
	other party may reasonably require to carry out and give effect to the terms and intention of this Agreement.


	 


	6.          Time
	is expressly declared to be the essence of this Agreement.


	 


	7.          The
	provisions contained herein constitute the entire agreement among the Company and the Shareholder respecting the subject matter
	hereof and supersede all previous communications, representations and agreements, whether verbal or written, among the Company
	and the Shareholder with respect to the subject matter hereof.


	 


	8.          This
	Agreement will enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
	successors and permitted assigns.


	 


	9.          This
	Agreement is not assignable without the prior written consent of the parties hereto.


	 


	10.         This
	Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when executed by any party will be deemed to be an original and all of
	which counterparts will together constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of executed copies of this Agreement by telecopier
	or via email will constitute proper delivery.



	 







	 


	-

	2

	-


	 







	 





	 




	IN WITNESS WHEREOF

	the parties have
	executed this Agreement effective as of the day and year first above written.


	 




	 



	GREEN
	DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 




	 



	Name:



	 




	 



	Title:



	 




	 




	 




	SHAREHOLDER:






	 


	 




	 



	Name: Kwok Leung Lee





	 








	 


	-

	3

	-


	 







	 




	 




	Exhibit B






	 



	ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT




	TO THE




	ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, AS AMENDED,




	OF GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.



	 


	Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 607.0602, 607.1002 and
	607.1006 of the Florida Business Corporation Act, the undersigned corporation hereby submits the following amendment for the purpose
	of deleting the authorization for its Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock:


	 






	1.


	The name of the corporation is Green Dragon Wood Products,
	Inc. (the “Corporation”).




	 






	2.


	Article III which appears in the Corporation’s Articles
	of Incorporation, as amended, is hereby amended to restate the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of the
	Corporation’s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in its entirety as follows:




	 



	1. Designation of Series A Preferred Stock.

	The Corporation
	shall be authorized to issue Two Million (2,000,000) shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share
	(the “Series A Preferred Stock”).


	 



	2. Voting Rights.

	 Except as otherwise expressly
	required by law, the Holder of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Holder”) shall be entitled to vote on all matters
	submitted to shareholders of the Corporation and shall be entitled to 50 votes for each share of Series A Preferred Stock owned
	at the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if no such record date is established,
	at the date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is solicited. Except as otherwise required by law, the Holder
	shall vote together with the holder of Common Stock on all matters and shall not vote as a separate class.


	 



	3. Term.

	Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
	exist until the date that is six (6) months from the date of this Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended,
	which shall be August [  ], 2017 (the “Expiration Date”), unless extended to the Extended Expiration Date
	(as defined in and in accordance with Section 4 below).


	 



	4. Redemption or Conversion Rights.

	 The Holder
	and the Corporation shall have the following rights with respect to the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock:


	 



	A. Redemption

	.


	 


	1.

	Mandatory Redemption

	At any time
	on or prior to the Expiration Date, the Corporation has the option to cause the Holder to redeem all of the 2,000,000 shares of
	Series A Preferred Stock held by the Holder to the Corporation in exchange for the business (including all of the assets and the
	liabilities) of the Corporation that existed just prior to February 2, 2017, (the “Existing Green Dragon Business”)
	(the “Mandatory Redemption”), subject to applicable state and federal regulatory requirements. It being understood
	that if the Corporation needs shareholder approval to effect a Mandatory Redemption, the Expiration Date shall be extended to
	November [  ], 2017 (the “Extended Expiration Date”).


	 






	 


	-

	1

	-


	 







	 




	 


	2.

	Optional Redemption by the Holder

	.
	On or prior to the Expiration Date, the Holder may redeem his shares of Series A Preferred Stock by redeeming all of the 2,000,000
	shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Holder to the Corporation in exchange for the Existing Green Dragon Business (the
	“Holder Optional Redemption”), subject to applicable state and federal regulatory requirements. It being understood
	that if the Corporation needs shareholder approval to effect a Holder Optional Redemption, the Expiration Date shall be extended
	to the Extended Expiration Date.


	 



	B. Conversion by the Holder

	On or
	prior to the Expiration Date, the Holder has the option to convert all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock he owns into a
	number of shares of Common Stock to be mutually agreed upon by and between the Holder and the Corporation at the time of conversion;
	provided, however, that the Holder shall be entitled to receive at least a minimum of $500,000 worth of shares of Common Stock,
	based on the fair market value of such Common Stock on the date of conversion.


	 



	C.


	Exercise of Conversion or Redemption

	.
	 To exercise its conversion or redemption privilege or upon a Mandatory Redemption, the Holder shall surrender the certificate
	or certificates representing the shares being converted or redeemed to the Corporation at its principal office, and shall give
	written notice to the Corporation at that office that such holder is converting or redeeming such shares.  The certificate
	or certificates for shares of Series A Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion shall be accompanied by proper assignment thereof
	to the Corporation or in blank.  The date when such written notice is received by the Corporation, together with the certificate
	or certificates representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being converted or redeemed, shall be the “Conversion
	Date.”  As promptly as practicable after the Conversion Date, in the case of a conversion, the Corporation shall issue
	and shall deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates as it may request for the number of whole shares of Common Stock
	issuable upon the conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions hereof, or in the case
	of a redemption, deliver the Existing Green Dragon Business to the Holder and enter into any such agreements necessary to effectuate
	the transfer of the Existing Green Dragon Business to the Holder. Such conversion or redemption shall be deemed to have been
	effected immediately prior to the close of business on the Conversion Date, and at such time the rights of the Holder as holder
	of the Series A Preferred Stock shall cease.


	 






	3.


	This amendment was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
	of the Corporation on February 1, 2017 without shareholder action, which action was not required pursuant to Sections 607.0602,
	607.1002 and 607.1006 of the Florida Business Corporation Act.




	 






	 


	-

	2

	-


	 







	 




	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused the foregoing
	Articles of Amendment to the Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to be executed in its name by the undersigned,
	thereunto duly authorized, on February [  ], 2017.


	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 




	 


	 



	Kwok Leung Lee





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 




	 


	 



	Mei Ling law





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 




	 


	 


	William Mook




	 








	 


	-

	3

	-


	 







	 




	 




	Exhibit C






	 




	NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY NOR THE SECURITIES
	ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES
	ACT”). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE
	OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, (C) IN ACCORDANCE
	WITH RULE 144, RULE 145 OR RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF APPLICABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
	OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS OR (D) IF THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY,
	OR OTHERWISE SATISFIED ITSELF, THAT THE TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S.
	STATE LAWS AND REGULATIONS GOVERNING THE OFFER AND SALE OF SECURITIES. 


	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.



	 



	CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 



	 



	Issuance Date: February [  ], 2017



	 


	For value received, Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida
	corporation (the “


	Company


	”), promises to pay to Kwok Leung Lee (the “


	Holder


	”),
	the principal sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000) (the “


	Principal Amount


	”). This convertible promissory
	note (this “


	Note


	”) is subject to the following terms and conditions.


	 







	1.




	Definitions






	 



	For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere
	in this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:


	 


	“

	Bankruptcy
	Event

	” means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule
	1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
	of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or
	any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case
	or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is
	adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the
	Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
	of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant
	Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
	calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company
	or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
	in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.


	 


	“

	Business
	Day

	” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or
	any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to
	close.


	 






	2.






	Interest and Maturity






	 


	(a) No interest shall accrue on this Note.


	(b) This note has a six (6) month term and
	shall be due and payable to the Holder on August [  ], 2017 (the “


	Maturity Date


	”).


	 



	 




	 




	 






	3.






	Conversion 






	 






	 




	(a)






	Conversion at Holder’s Election 








	 


	The full Principal Amount shall, at the Holders election,
	be convertible at any time before the Maturity Date into a number of shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001
	per share (“


	Common Stock


	) equal to three percent (3%) of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company
	issued and outstanding on the date of such conversion. Upon written notice of conversion from the Holder, the Company shall deliver
	a stock certificate representing the converted shares to the Holder within three business days of receipt of the conversion notice.


	 




	 




	(b)






	Mechanics and Effect of Conversion 






	 


	No fractional shares of the Company’s
	Common Stock will be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be
	entitled, the Company will round up the number of shares owed to the Holder. Upon conversion of this Note pursuant to this Section
	2, the Holder shall surrender this Note, duly endorsed, at the principal offices of the Company or any transfer agent of the Company.
	At its expense, the Company will, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to the Holder, at the address of the Holder
	most recently furnished in writing to the Company, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
	the Holder is entitled upon such conversion, together with any other securities and property to which the Holder is entitled upon
	such conversion under the terms of this Note, including a check payable to the Holder for any cash amounts payable as described
	herein. Upon conversion of this Note, the Company will be forever released from all of its obligations and liabilities under this
	Note with regard to that portion of the principal amount being converted, including, without limitation, the obligation to pay
	such portion of the principal amount.



	 








	4.




	Events of Default.





	 


	a)            “Event of Default”
	means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary
	or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or
	regulation of any administrative or governmental body):


	 


	i.            any
	default in the payment of the principal amount of this Note as and when the same shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date
	or by acceleration or otherwise, which default is not cured within five (5) Business Days;


	 


	ii.         the
	Company shall fail to observe or perform any other material covenant or agreement contained in the Note which failure is not cured,
	if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) ten (10) Business Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder
	to the Company and (B) twenty (20) Business Days after the Company has become or should reasonably have become aware of such failure;


	 


	iii.         any
	representation or warranty made in the Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into by and among the Company, Zeecol Limited (“

	Zeecol

	”),
	the shareholders of Zeecol and Zeecol Acquisition Limited dated February 1, 2017 pursuant thereto or any other report, financial
	statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when
	made or deemed made;


	 


	iv.         the
	Company shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event; or


	 


	v.           any
	monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
	respective property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
	unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days.


	 



	 




	 




	 


	b)             

	Remedies Upon
	Event of Default

	. If any Event of Default occurs prior to the Maturity Date, the outstanding principal amount of this Note,
	plus interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder’s
	election, immediately due and payable in cash. Commencing five (5) days after the occurrence of any Event of Default that
	results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, the interest rate on this Note shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the
	lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law.  Upon the payment in full, the Holder shall
	promptly surrender this Note to or as directed by the Company.  In connection with such acceleration described herein,
	the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and
	the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder
	and all other remedies available to it under applicable law.  Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder
	at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as
	the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 4(b).  No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
	Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.


	 






	5.






	Payment 






	 


	All payments shall be made in lawful money
	of the United States of America at such place as the Holder hereof may from time to time designate in writing to the Company. Any
	amounts due in connection with this Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty upon ten (10) days’
	advance notice by the Company to the registered holder of this Note.


	 






	6.






	Transfer; Successors and Assigns 






	 



	The terms
	and conditions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties.
	Notwithstanding the foregoing, except for a pledge of this Note to a bank or other financial institution that creates a mere security
	interest in this Note in connection with a bona fide loan transaction, the Holder may not assign, pledge, or otherwise transfer
	this Note without the prior written consent of the Company. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Note may be transferred only
	upon surrender of the original Note to the Company for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed
	written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company, and, thereupon, a new note for the same principal amount will
	be issued to, and registered in the




	name
	of, the transferee. Principal is payable only to the registered holder of this Note.



	 






	7.






	Governing Law






	 


	This Note shall be governed by and construed
	under the laws of the State of New York.


	 






	8.






	Notices






	 


	Any notice required or permitted by this
	Note shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b)
	upon confirmation of receipt by fax by the party to be notified, (c) one Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight
	courier, prepaid for overnight delivery and addressed as set forth in (d), or (d) three days after deposit with the United States
	Post Office, postage prepaid, registered or certified with return receipt requested and addressed to the party to be notified at
	the address of such party indicated on the signature page hereof, or at such other address as such party may designate by 10 days’
	advance written notice to the other party given in the foregoing manner.


	 






	9.






	Amendments and Waivers 






	 


	Any term of this Note may be amended only
	with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9 shall
	be binding upon the Company, the Holder and each transferee of the Note.


	 



	 




	 




	 






	10.






	Waiver of Jury Trial 






	 


	Each of the Company and Holder hereby waives
	its right to trial by jury in any claim (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise) under, related to or arising in connection
	with this Note.


	 


	[

	Signature page follows

	.]


	 



	 




	 




	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
	this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.


	 






	 




	COMPANY:






	 


	 




	 




	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.






	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 




	 



	Name:



	 




	 



	Title:



	 






	 








	AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:




	 




	 


	 




	 


	 





	Name: Kwok Leung Lee



	 






	 



	 




	 








	 



	Exhibit 4.23



	  



	Zeecol Limited




	 




	AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	 




	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016



	 






	 









	 






	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	Index to the Financial
	Statements









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 




	 



	Page





	 


	 







	Directory






	1





	 


	 








	Approval of Financial Report







	2





	 


	 







	Financial Statements





	 




	 


	 







	Statement of Other Comprehensive Income






	3





	 


	 







	Statement of Changes in Equity






	4





	 


	 







	Statement of Financial Position






	5





	 


	 







	Statement of Cash Flows






	6





	 


	 







	Notes to the Financial Statements






	7-26





	 


	 







	Independent Auditor's Report






	27





	 






	 



	1



	 







	 




	 











	Zeecol
	Limited








	 





	 









	Directory









	 








	Nature of Business





	Fertiliser and Energy Production



	 




	 


	 


	 






	Director





	William H Mook



	 




	 


	 


	 






	Shareholder





	Coeus Limited




	1,000,000 Ordinary Shares





	 


	 


	 






	Address





	57a Nayland Street, Sumner



	 




	 



	Christchurch 8081



	 




	 



	NEW ZEALAND



	 




	 


	 


	 






	Independent Auditor





	Nexia Christchurch Limited



	 




	 



	PO Box 39-100



	 




	 



	Christchurch 8545



	 






	 



	NEW ZEALAND



	 




	 


	 


	 






	Legal Advisers





	Canterbury Legal



	 




	 



	PO Box 22115



	 




	 



	Christchurch 8140



	 




	 



	NEW ZEALAND



	 




	 


	 


	 






	Bankers





	Kiwibank



	 




	 



	Bank of New Zealand



	 







	 




	Page

	1






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	Approval of Financial
	Report









	 


	The Board of Directors are pleased to present the financial
	report for Zeecol Limited for the year ended 31 March 2016 and the independent auditor's report thereon.


	 


	The shareholders of the Company have exercised their rights
	under section 211(3) of the Companies Act 1993, and unanimously agreed that this annual report need not comply with paragraphs
	(a) and (e)-(j) of section 211(1) of the Act.


	 


	Approved for and on behalf of the Board:


	 






Click to enlarge
	 



	12 August 2016






	Director




	Date







	 




	Page

	2






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	Statement of Other Comprehensive Income









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED
	31 MARCH 2016







	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 



	Note



	 


	 



	ended 31/03/16



	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest received


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	6,522


	 


	 


	 


	5,957


	 




	Total operating income


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	6,522


	 


	 


	 


	5,957


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accountancy Fees


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	17,992


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Advertising


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	12,027


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Agents Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	10,577


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Audit Fee


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	7,140


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Bank fees & charges


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	601


	 


	 


	 


	138


	 




	Book Keeping


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	450


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Computer Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	2,292


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Consultancy fees


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,373


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	1,823


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Entertainment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4,004


	 




	Fuel


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	1,799


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	General Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	171


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Interest - Bank Overdraft


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	772


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Licences & Fees


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,003


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Light, Heat & Power


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	647


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Motor Vehicle Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	828


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Office expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	1,194


	 


	 


	 


	5,547


	 




	Other Non Deductible Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	12,635


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Printing & Stationery


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,867


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Protective Clothing


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	19


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Purchases


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	385


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Rent - Office


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	36,660


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Rent - Warehouse


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	30,745


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Staff Training Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	9,217


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Subsciptions


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	1,013


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Telephone & Internet


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,697


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Travel


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	15,767


	 


	 


	 


	5,031


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	175,321


	 


	 


	 


	16,093


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) before taxation


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(168,799


	)


	 


	 


	(10,136


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Taxation expense


	 


	 


	6


	 


	 


	 


	4,940


	 


	 


	 


	83,796


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) for the period after taxation attributable to owners of the company


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other comprehensive income


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total comprehensive income for the period attributable
	to owners of the company


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)





	 


	The attached notes to the financial statements form part of
	and should be read in conjunction to the financial statements and Independent Auditor's Report


	 




	Page

	3






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	Statement of Changes in Equity









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016






	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	Retained


	 


	 


	 


	 




	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016


	 


	Share Capital


	 


	 


	Earnings


	 


	 


	Total Equity


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total comprehensive income for the period


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) after taxation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)




	Other comprehensive income


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total comprehensive income for the period


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Transactions with owners of the Company in capacity as owners


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issue of ordinary shares


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total transactions with owners of the company


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Opening balance of equity 1 April 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	Closing balance of equity 31 March 2016


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(267,672


	)


	 


	 


	(267,672


	)




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Retained


	 


	 


	 


	 




	FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2015


	 


	Share Capital


	 


	 


	Earnings


	 


	 


	Total Equity


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total comprehensive income for the period


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) after taxation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	Other comprehensive income


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total comprehensive income for the period


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Transactions with owners of the Company in capacity as owners


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issue of ordinary shares


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total transactions with owners of the company


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Closing balance of equity 31 March 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)





	 


	The attached notes to the financial statements form part of
	and should be read in conjunction to the financial statements and Independent Auditor's Report


	 




	Page

	4






	 




	 











	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	Statement of Financial Position









	AS AT 31 MARCH
	2016






	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	Note


	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	7


	 


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 




	Deferred expenses


	 


	 


	9


	 


	 


	 


	151,679


	 


	 


	 


	29,715


	 




	Income tax receivable


	 


	 


	6


	 


	 


	 


	1,520


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 




	Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	14


	 


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	448,119


	 


	 


	 


	87,409


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non Current Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Work in progress


	 


	 


	15


	 


	 


	 


	65,882


	 


	 


	 


	47,244


	 




	Property, Plant & Equipment


	 


	 


	12


	 


	 


	 


	3,039


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Loans and receivables - term deposit


	 


	 


	10


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	Total non current assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	68,921


	 


	 


	 


	297,244


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	517,040


	 


	 


	 


	384,653


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Trade and other payables


	 


	 


	16


	 


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 




	GST payable


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	8,836


	 


	 


	 


	45,951


	 




	Deferred revenue


	 


	 


	8


	 


	 


	 


	632,772


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	695,976


	 


	 


	 


	57,789


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred revenue


	 


	 


	8


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	337,000


	 




	Deferred tax liability


	 


	 


	6


	 


	 


	 


	88,736


	 


	 


	 


	83,796


	 




	Total non current liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	88,736


	 


	 


	 


	420,796


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	784,712


	 


	 


	 


	478,586


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Share capital


	 


	 


	17


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Retained Earnings


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(267,672


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	Total Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(267,672


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Liabilities and Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	517,040


	 


	 


	 


	384,653


	 







	 






	 
Click to enlarge



	12 August 2016






	Director




	Date







	 


	The attached notes to the financial statements form part of
	and should be read in conjunction to the financial statements and Independent Auditor's Report


	 




	Page

	5






	 





	 










	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	Statement of Cash Flows









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016










	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	ended


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 



	Note



	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash was provided from:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Receipts from customers


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	272,688


	 


	 


	 


	387,550


	 




	Interest received


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,149


	 


	 


	 


	3,721


	 




	Tax refund received


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total cash provided from operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	277,065


	 


	 


	 


	391,271


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash was applied to:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses and fees paid


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(333,641


	)


	 


	 


	(38,569


	)




	Interest paid


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(772


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Taxation paid


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(1,520


	)


	 


	 


	(1,228


	)




	Total cash applied to operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(335,933


	)


	 


	 


	(39,797


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from (used in) operating activities


	 


	 


	18


	 


	 


	 


	(58,867


	)


	 


	 


	351,474


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investing Activites


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash was provided from:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Term deposit investment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total cash provided from investing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash was applied to:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Term deposit investment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(250,000


	)




	Work in progress - digesters


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(18,638


	)


	 


	 


	(47,244


	)




	Property Plant & Equipment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(4,862


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total cash applied to investing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(23,500


	)


	 


	 


	(297,244


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	226,500


	 


	 


	 


	(297,244


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Financing Activites


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash was applied to:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans to related parties


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(80,732


	)


	 


	 


	(22,532


	)




	Total cash applied to financing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(80,732


	)


	 


	 


	(22,532


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(80,732


	)


	 


	 


	(22,532


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	86,901


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at end of period


	 


	 


	7


	 


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 







	 


	The attached notes to the financial statements form part of
	and should be read in conjunction to the financial statements and Independent Auditor's Report


	 




	Page

	6






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 









	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016






	 






	1.




	REPORTING ENTITY






	 


	These statements comprise the audited results
	for the year ended 31 March 2016. The comparative figures comprise the six months ended 31 March 2015.


	 


	Zeecol Limited is a company incorporated
	and domiciled in New Zealand, registered under the Companies Act 1993. The Company is controlled by Coeus Limited (incorporated
	in New Zealand), which owns 100% of the Company's shares. The Company's ultimate controlling party is Mr. William Mook.


	 


	The company is primarily involved in the
	conversion of dairy effluent to fertiliser and energy production.


	 


	The financial statements have been authorised
	for issue by the Board on_______________________.


	 






	2.




	BASIS OF PREPARATION







	 




	(a) Statement of Compliance



	 


	The financial statements have been prepared
	in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand ("NZ GAAP"). They comply with New Zealand Equivalents
	to International Financial Reporting Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate
	for profit-orientated entities. The financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").


	 


	The Company is designated as a profit oriented entity for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements have been prepared
	in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Reporting Act 2013.



	 




	(b) Functional and Presentation Currency



	 


	The financial statements are presented
	in New Zealand dollars ($), which is the Company's functional currency, rounded to the nearest dollar.



	 




	(c) Basis of Preparation



	 


	The accrual basis of accounting has been
	used, with the exception of compiling the Statement of Cash Flows.


	 


	The financial statements have been prepared
	on the historical cost basis.



	 




	(d) Comparative Figures



	 


	These financial statements are for a 12
	month period (Comparative: 6 Months to 31 March 2015).


	 






	3.




	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
	POLICIES






	 


	The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation
	of the financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise
	stated.



	 




	(a) Revenue Recognition



	 


	Revenue from the sale of goods and services is measured at the
	fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is recognised as follows:


	 




	Page

	7






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	3.




	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
	POLICIES (continued)







	 




	(a) Revenue Recognition (continued)




	 




	(i) Interest Income



	 


	Interest income is recognised when it is probable that the Company
	will receive the amount and it can be measured reliably. Interest income is recognised on an accruals basis using the effective
	interest method.



	 




	(ii) Sale of goods



	 


	Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the significant
	risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer and it is probable that the Company will receive the previously
	agreed upon payment. These criteria are considered to be met when the goods are delivered to the buyer. No revenue is recognised
	if there are significant uncertainties regarding recovery of the consideration due, associated costs or the possible return of
	goods, or where there is continuing management involvement with the goods.


	 


	Deposits received in advance from customers in anticipation
	of the future sale of goods are recognised as revenue only once the above criteria has been met. If the criteria has not been met
	they are carried as deferred revenue on the Statement of Financial Position.



	 




	(b) Cash and Cash Equivalents



	 


	Cash and cash equivalents includes cash
	on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and the custodian, other short-term deposits, highly liquid investments
	with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to
	an insignificant risk of changes in value.



	 




	(c) Foreign Currency Transactions and Balances



	 


	Transactions entered into by the Company in a currency other
	than the functional currency are recorded at the rates ruling when the transactions occur. The Company does not hold any foreign
	currency monetary assets and liabilities. Foreign currency gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss in the period incurred.



	 




	(d) Income Tax




	 



	Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax
	and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss except items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.


	 


	Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the
	taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment
	to tax payable in respect of previous years.


	 


	Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences
	between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.


	 


	Deferred tax is not recognised
	for: 


	(i) temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets
	or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss,


	(ii) temporary differences arising on the initial recognition
	of goodwill.


	 




	Page

	8






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	3.



	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)






	 




	(d) Income Tax (continued)



	 


	Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected
	to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.


	 


	Recognition of deferred tax assets is restricted to those instances
	where it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the difference can be utilised.


	 


	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a
	legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax
	authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets
	on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.



	 




	(e) Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions



	 


	The preparation of financial statements in accordance with NZ
	IFRS and IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires the Company to exercise its judgement
	in the process of applying the accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
	assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in accompanying Notes. Actual results may
	differ from these estimates.



	 




	(f) Goods and Services Tax (GST)



	 


	The financial statements have been prepared on a GST exclusive
	basis as the Company is required to be registered for GST. Accounts receivable and accounts payable are GST inclusive.



	 




	(g) Financial Instruments




	 




	Recognition



	Financial instruments are recognised in
	the Statement of Financial Position initially at fair value plus, for instruments not at fair value through profit or loss, any
	directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition financial instruments are measured as described below.


	 


	A financial instrument is recognised when the Company becomes
	a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.



	 




	Offsetting financial instruments



	Financial instruments are offset and presented as a net asset
	or net liability in the Statement of Financial Position when the substance of an arrangement is such that presenting them together
	as either a net asset or a net liability more accurately reflects the Company's expected future cash flows for settling two or
	more separate financial instruments. This only occurs when the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised
	amounts, and intends to either settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.



	 




	Derecognition



	Financial assets are derecognised if the Company’s contractual
	rights to the cash flows from the financial assets expire or if the Company transfers the financial asset to another party without
	retaining control or substantially all risks and rewards of the asset.


	 


	Financial liabilities are derecognised if the Company’s
	obligations specified in the contract expire or are discharged or cancelled.


	 




	Page

	9






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	3.



	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)






	 




	(g) Financial Instruments
	(continued)




	 




	Non-derivative financial instruments



	Non-derivative financial instruments comprise loans and receivables
	and trade and other payables.



	 




	Loans and receivables



	Loans and receivables are financial assets with fixed or determinable
	payments that are not quoted in an active market. Such assets are recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable
	transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
	method, less any impairment losses. Loans and receivables comprise cash and cash equivalents, term deposits and trade and other
	receivables.


	 


	Interest on loans and receivables is recognised in the Statement
	of Other Comprehensive Income.


	 


	Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held
	at call with banks, other short term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.


	 


	Term deposits include deposits held with financial institutions
	with original maturities greater than three months.


	 


	Trade and other receivables of a short-term nature are not discounted.



	 




	Trade and other payables



	Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value
	and subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Trade payables of a short-term nature are not
	discounted.



	 




	Derivative financial instruments



	The Company does not invest or trade in derivative financial
	instruments, and therefore is not exposed to the associated risk, rewards and financial impacts both positive and negative, associated
	with such instruments.



	 




	(h) Impairment





	 






	Financial assets




	The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is
	objective evidence that a financial asset or group of financial assets (stated at cost or amortised cost) is impaired.


	 


	If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is recognised
	in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income as the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the
	present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset's original effective interest rate.


	 


	The Company considers the following indicators when assessing
	whether there is objective evidence of impairment:


	 


	(i) significant decline in the market value of an asset.


	(ii) significant changes that adversely affect the Company in
	the technological, market, economic or legal environment in which it operates.


	 




	Page

	10






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	3.



	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)






	 




	(h) Impairment (continued)



	 


	(iii) increases in market interest rates or other market rates
	of return that are likely to affect the discount rate used to assess the present value of the future cash flows from the asset.


	(iv) when the carrying amount of the Company's net assets exceeds
	the market capitalisation of the Company.


	(v) Evidence of obsolescence or physical damage of an asset.


	(vi) Significant change in the use of an asset that adversely
	affects the Company.


	(vii) Declining economic performance, which might be indicated
	by larger than expected maintenance costs or lower than expected profits, from the use of an asset.




	 






	Non-financial assets




	The carrying amounts of the Company's assets are reviewed at
	each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective evidence of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset's
	recoverable amount is estimated.


	 


	An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
	amount. Impairment losses directly reduce the carrying amount of assets and are recognised in profit or loss.


	 


	The estimated recoverable amount of non-financial assets is
	the greater of their fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is determined by estimating future cash flows
	from the use and ultimate disposal of the asset and discounting these to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
	reflects current market rates and the risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash
	inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


	 


	A cash generating unit is the smallest group of assets that
	generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of the other assets or groups of assets.


	 


	Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units
	are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of
	other assets in the unit on a pro rata basis.


	 


	Impairment losses are reversed when there is a change in the
	estimates used to determine the recoverable amount and there is an indication that the impairment loss has decreased or no longer
	exists. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
	that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.



	 




	(i) Property, Plant and Equipment



	 


	(i)

	Recognition and measurement



	Items of property, plant and equipment are recognised at cost
	less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. As well as the purchase price, cost includes directly attributable costs and,
	where relevant, the estimated present value of any future unavoidable costs of dismantling and removing items.


	 


	(ii)

	Subsequent costs



	Subsequent costs are added to the carrying amount of an item
	of property, plant and equipment when the cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied with the
	item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other costs are recognised in the statement
	of comprehensive income as an expense when incurred.


	 




	Page

	11






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	3.



	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)






	 




	(i) Property, Plant and
	Equipment (continued)



	 


	(iii)

	Depreciation



	For plant and equipment, depreciation is based on the cost of
	an asset less its residual value.


	Depreciation is recognised in the statement of comprehensive
	income on a diminishing value basis over the estimated useful lives of each item of property, plant and equipment.


	 


	Depreciation on assets under construction does not commence
	until they are complete and available for use.


	 


	Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed
	at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate. Depreciation has been calculated on plant and equipment using the diminishing
	value method at 50 - 67%.



	 




	(j) Share capital




	 




	Ordinary shares



	Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs
	directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax
	effects.


	 






	4.



	CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES





	 


	There have been no changes in accounting policies. All policies
	have been applied on a basis consistent with those from previous financial statements.


	 






	5.



	NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED





	 


	The Company has reviewed those Standards
	and Interpretations which have been issued, but which are not yet effective for the period ending 31 March 2016. The following
	have been deemed to be relevant to the Company:



	 




	NZ IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments



	 


	NZ IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments" was approved for
	periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. NZ IFRS 9 specifies how an entity should classify and measure its financial assets.
	It requires that all financial assets be reclassified in their entirety on the basis of the entity's business model for managing
	the financial assets and contractual cash flow obligations of the financial assets. Financial assets are measured at either amortised
	cost or fair value.


	 


	NZ IFRS 9 only permits the recognition of fair value gains and
	losses in other comprehensive income if they relate to equity investments that are not held for trading. The Company does not hold
	equity instruments and therefore there will be no impact on the Company's accounting for financial assets or liabilities.


	 


	The adoption of NZ IFRS 9 is unlikely to result in material
	changes to the presentation and measurement of financial assets and liabilities and accordingly the Company has chosen not to early
	adopt this Standard.


	 




	Page

	12






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	5.



	NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED
	(continued)






	 




	NZ IFRS 15 - Revenue from
	Contracts with Customers



	 


	NZ IFRS 15 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers"
	was approved for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. NZ IFRS 15 establishes revenue recognition principles for all contracts
	with customers.


	 


	The core principle of NZ IFRS 15 is that an entity will recognise
	revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
	the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This core principle is delivered in a five-step model
	framework:


	 


	(a) Identify the contract(s) with a customer


	(b) Identify the performance obligations in the contract


	(c) Determine the transaction price


	(d) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
	in the contract


	(e) Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
	obligation


	 


	Under the current standard - NZ IAS 18, the revenue received
	from customers has been deferred and recorded as Deferred Revenue, as the criteria for recognising revenue in the statement of
	comprehensive income has not been met (refer to Revenue accounting policy under Note 3: Significant Account Policies for more information).


	 


	The adoption of NZ IFRS 15 will not alter this treatment as
	the performance obligations in the customer contracts have not been satisfied and accordingly revenue cannot be recognised in the
	Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income. Accordingly the adoption of NZ IFRS 15 is unlikely to result in material
	changes to the presentation and measurement of revenue, and therefore the Company has chosen not to early adopt this standard.



	 




	NZ IAS 1 Amendment - Disclosure Initiatives



	 


	The External Reporting Board (XRB) issued amendments to NZ IAS
	1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" which were approved for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2016.


	 


	The amendments have been issued as part of a project to improve
	presentation and disclosure requirements and:


	 


	(a) clarify that an entity should not obscure useful information
	by aggregating or disaggregating information; and that materiality considerations apply to the primary statements, notes and any
	specific disclosure requirements in NZ IFRSs


	 


	(b) clarify that the list of line items specified by NZ IAS
	1 for the Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income can be disaggregated and
	aggregated as relevant. Additional guidance has also been added on the presentation of subtotals in these statements


	 


	(c) clarify that entities have flexibility when designing the
	structure of the notes and provide guidance on how to determine a systematic order of the notes.


	 


	The Company believes that the disclosures in the financial statements
	have been as transparent as possible and adoption of the amendments is unlikely to result in material changes to the presentation
	and disclosures in the financial statements, and therefore the Company has chosen not to early adopt this standard.


	 




	Page

	13






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	6.




	TAXATION







	 




	(a) Income tax recognised in Statement of Profit or Loss
	and Other Comprehensive Income



	 






	 


	 




	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 



	ended 31/03/16



	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) before taxation


	 


	 


	(168,799


	)


	 


	 


	(10,136


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Permanent differences


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non deductible expenses


	 


	 


	12,635


	 


	 


	 


	2,124


	 




	Net taxable profit/(loss)


	 


	 


	(156,164


	)


	 


	 


	(8,012


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred tax


	 


	 


	4,940


	 


	 


	 


	83,796


	 




	Total income tax expense


	 


	 


	4,940


	 


	 


	 


	83,796


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(b) Current taxation


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Opening Balance


	 


	 


	1,228


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Refunds


	 


	 


	(1,228


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Resident withholding tax paid


	 


	 


	1,520


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 




	Asset/ (liability) at 31 March


	 


	 


	1,520


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(c) Deferred taxation


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Opening Balance


	 


	 


	(83,796


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Current year movement


	 


	 


	(4,940


	)


	 


	 


	(83,796


	)




	Deferred tax asset/ (liability) at 31 March


	 


	 


	(88,736


	)


	 


	 


	(83,796


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Made up of:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred tax liability


	 


	 


	(177,176


	)


	 


	 


	(94,360


	)




	Deferred tax asset


	 


	 


	88,440


	 


	 


	 


	10,564


	 




	Net balance as per above


	 


	 


	(88,736


	)


	 


	 


	(83,796


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) are attributable to the following:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue received in advance


	 


	 


	(177,176


	)


	 


	 


	(94,360


	)




	Deferred expenses


	 


	 


	42,471


	 


	 


	 


	8,320


	 




	Tax loss carried forward to offset against future taxable income


	 


	 


	45,969


	 


	 


	 


	2,243


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(d) Tax losses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Opening Balance


	 


	 


	8,012


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Current year movement


	 


	 


	156,164


	 


	 


	 


	8,012


	 




	Total accumulated tax losses to carry forward


	 


	 


	164,176


	 


	 


	 


	8,012


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(e) Imputation credits


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Opening Balance


	 


	 


	1,228


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Income tax refunded


	 


	 


	(1,228


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Resident withholding tax paid


	 


	 


	1,520


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 




	Imputation credits at 31 March


	 


	 


	1,520


	 


	 


	 


	1,228


	 





	 




	Page

	14






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 








	7.




	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS






	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	Cash and cash equivalent balances comprise:


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash at bank available on demand


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 




	Total cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 





	 


	The Company's investments in cash and cash equivalents are readily
	realisable and generally settle within 1 day. Interest rates on the bank balances range from 0.0% to 1.0% p.a.


	 








	8.




	DEFERRED REVENUE






	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	Deferred revenue comprises:


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	Deposits from customers - current


	 


	 


	632,772


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Deposits from customers - non current


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	337,000


	 




	Total deferred revenue


	 


	 


	632,772


	 


	 


	 


	337,000


	 





	 


	The deferred revenue arises in respect
	of one contract signed by the Company in the year ended 31 March 2016 - with Geddes Farming Company Limited. This is in addition
	to the two contracts signed by the Company in the six months ended 31 March 2015 - with Aberystwyth Dairies Limited and with Pannetts
	Dairies Limited, for the provision of goods over a 20 year term.



	 




	Geddes Farming Company Limited (Geddes)



	The Company signed an offtake agreement with Geddes for the
	construction of an Anaerobic Digester, to be located on the customer's farm, which will process and convert organic waste into
	products to be sold to Geddes. The effective date of the contract is the date on which the digester commences production. Geddes
	paid a deposit on the order of $295,772 to the Company. In accordance with the offtake agreement this will be recognised upon completion
	of the digester.



	 




	Aberystwyth Dairies Limited (Aberystwyth)



	The Company signed an offtake agreement with Aberystwyth for
	the construction of a Anaerobic Digester, to be located on the customer's farm, which will process and convert organic waste into
	products to be sold to Aberystwyth. The effective date of the contract is the date on which the digester commences production.
	Aberystwyth paid a deposit on the order of $85,000 to the Company. In accordance with the offtake agreement this will be recognised
	upon completion of the digester.



	 




	Pannetts Dairies Limited (Pannetts)



	The Company signed an offtake agreement with Pannetts for the
	construction of a Anaerobic Digester and Bioreactor to be located on the customer's farm, which will process and convert organic
	waste into products to be sold to Pannetts. The effective date of the contract is the date on which the digester commences production.
	Pannetts paid a deposit on the order of $252,000 to the Company. In accordance with the offtake agreement this will be recognised
	upon completion of the digester.


	 


	Construction and operation of the Digesters and Bioreactor is
	expected to occur within the next nine months from balance date and accordingly the deferred revenue is recorded as a current liability.
	(2015 non-current)


	 




	Page

	15






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 








	9.




	DEFERRED EXPENSES






	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	Deferred expenses comprise:


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Consultancy Fees


	 


	 


	87,407


	 


	 


	 


	21,595


	 




	Legal Fees - Deductible


	 


	 


	64,272


	 


	 


	 


	8,120


	 




	Total deferred expenses


	 


	 


	151,679


	 


	 


	 


	29,715


	 





	 


	Deferred expenses consists of expenses incurred in relation
	to the contracts signed with Geddes, Aberystwyth and Pannetts (refer to Note 8: Deferred revenue for further information). In order
	to ensure matching of revenue and expenses these expenses have been deferred.


	 






	10.




	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
	- RISK MANAGEMENT






	 


	The Company's operations expose it to various types of risk
	that are associated with the financial instruments and the markets in which it operates. The most significant types of financial
	risk to which the Company is exposed are market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.


	 


	The nature and extent of the financial instruments outstanding
	at the reporting date and the risk management policies employed by the Company are discussed below.


	 



	(a) Market Risk



	 


	Market risk embodies the potential for
	both loss and gains and includes currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk. The Companies' market risks arise from open
	positions in interest bearing assets to the extent that these are exposed to general & specific market movements.



	 




	(i) Currency risk



	All financial assets of the Company are denominated in a single
	currency (New Zealand dollars). As at the reporting date, the Company is not materially exposed to currencies other than its own
	functional currency. The Company does not undertake foreign currency hedging.



	 




	(ii) Interest rate risk



	Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to the Company arising
	from adverse changes in interest rates. Interest rates on cash and cash equivalents and term deposits are subject to normal market
	fluctuations, however as these do not generate significant amounts of interest, changes in market interest rates do not have a
	material effect on the Company's income.


	 


	Below are the weighted average effective interest rates on interest
	bearing financial instruments:


	 








	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	%


	 


	 


	%


	 




	Loans and receivables - cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	1.00


	%


	 


	 


	2.80


	%




	Loans and receivables - term deposit


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 


	4.60


	%







	 




	Page

	16






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	10.




	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
	- RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)






	 





	Interest Rate Risk - Repricing Analysis



	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	Fixed Rate Instruments


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	Loans and receivables - term deposit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	0 - 12 months


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	1 - 2 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	2 - 3 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	3 - 5 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	5 + years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total fixed rate instruments


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 





	 





	Fixed Rate Instruments



	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	%


	 


	 


	%


	 




	Loans and receivables - term deposit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	0 - 12 months


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	1 - 2 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4.60


	%




	2 - 3 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	3 - 5 years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	5 + years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 





	 



	(iii) Price Risk



	 


	Price risk is the risk that the value of the instruments will
	fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices not related to interest rate risk or currency risk, whether those changes are
	caused by factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or factors affecting all instruments traded in the market.


	 


	As
	at 31 March 2016 the Company does not hold any financial instruments subject to price risk.



	 




	(b) Credit Risk



	 


	Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty
	to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation or commitment that it has entered into with the Company. The exposure
	to credit risk is monitored on an on-going basis.


	 


	The Company has the following financial instruments which are
	exposed to credit risk:


	(i) cash and cash equivalents


	(ii) trade and other receivables


	(iii) term deposit


	 


	The Company monitors the credit quality of the counterparties
	on a regular basis.


	 


	The carrying amount of the financial instruments represents
	the Company's maximum credit exposure.


	 




	Page

	17






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 








	10.




	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
	- RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)








	 




	Name of counterparty


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	Counterparties with external credit rating (Standard & Poor's)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Bank of New Zealand - cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	110,091


	 


	 


	 


	21,063


	 




	Bank of New Zealand - term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	Trade and other receivables - accrued interest on term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,796


	 




	Kiwibank Limited - cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	8,506


	 


	 


	 


	10,635


	 




	Counterparties without external credit rating


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans to related parties


	 


	 


	108,872


	 


	 


	 


	21,401


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	227,470


	 


	 


	 


	304,894


	 





	 






	Counterparties with external credit rating (Standard & Poor's)






	Credit rating









	Bank of New Zealand




	AA-






	Kiwibank Limited




	A+






	 



	(b) Credit Risk (continued)



	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	Maximum credit exposures


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 




	Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 




	Term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	Total maximum credit exposure


	 


	 


	294,920


	 


	 


	 


	306,465


	 





	 



	Financial assets that are past due or impaired



	 


	The Company has reviewed each class of financial asset shown
	on the Statement of Financial Position and notes the following:



	 





	Cash and cash equivalent

	s -

	all cash and cash
	equivalent balances are recorded at amortised cost, and there are no past due or impaired assets.



	 





	Trade and other receivables

	-

	all trade and other
	receivables are recorded at amortised cost. Interest accrued on the term deposit was received within three months of year end.
	Loans to related parties are past due but not impaired.



	 





	Term deposit

	-

	the
	term deposit balance is recorded at amortised cost, and there are no past due or impaired assets.


	 


	The carrying value of all financial assets approximates the
	fair value of these assets.


	 




	Page

	18






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	10.




	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
	- RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)







	 




	(c) Liquidity Risk



	 


	Liquidity risk (or funding risk) is the risk that an entity
	will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet commitments associated with financial instruments. Liquidity risk may result
	from an inability to sell financial assets quickly at close to their fair value.


	 


	The Company's investments in cash and cash equivalents are readily
	realisable and generally settle within 1 day to ensure liabilities can be met.


	 





	Maturity Analysis for Financial Liabilities



	The Company's financial liabilities have the following remaining
	contractual maturities:


	 






	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	On demand


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Not later than one month


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 




	Later than one month and not later than three months


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Later than three months and not later than one year


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Later than one year and not later than five years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Later than five years


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total financial liabilities


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 







	 



	Maturity Analysis for Financial Liabilities (continued)




	 




	Later than three months and not later than one year



	Trade and other payables are to be settled within the next financial
	year.



	 




	Market Risk - Sensitivity Analysis



	 


	The following tables summarise the sensitivity of
	the Company's financial assets and liabilities to interest rate risk.


	 


	Based on historical movements and volatilities in
	the New Zealand economy, and management's knowledge and experience of financial markets, the Company believes the following assumptions
	are "reasonably possible" over a 12 month period:


	 


	* A shift of + 0.25% / - 0.25% in the market interest
	rates from the respective reporting date interest rates disclosure in the Interest Rate Risk section of Note 10.


	 


	If these assumptions were to
	occur, the impact on the net profit before tax (on the face of the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income)
	for each category of financial instrument held at the reporting dates are detailed below.


	 


	The aforementioned assumptions,
	used in the compilation of the sensitivity analysis, are consistent with the assumptions used internally by the management personnel
	of the Company for budgeting and planning purposes and the development of a financial risk management strategy.


	 




	Page

	19






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	10.



	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)






	 




	The following tables set of the impact
	of:



	 


	1) A change in interest rates on the Company's
	profit/(loss) i.e. net profit/(loss) before taxation


	 






	As at 31 March 2016


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Carrying Amt


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	(NZD$)


	 


	 


	Interest Rate Risk


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-0.25%


	 


	 


	+0.25%


	 




	Financial Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	(296


	)


	 


	 


	296


	 




	Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	(441


	)


	 


	 


	441


	 




	Term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total financial assets


	 


	 


	294,920


	 


	 


	 


	(737


	)


	 


	 


	737


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Increase / (decrease)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(737


	)


	 


	 


	737


	 




	 




	As at 31 March 2015


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Carrying Amt


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	(NZD$)


	 


	 


	Interest Rate Risk


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-0.25


	%


	 


	 


	+0.25%






	Financial Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	31,698


	 


	 


	 


	(79


	)


	 


	 


	79


	 




	Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	24,767


	 


	 


	 


	(62


	)


	 


	 


	62


	 




	Term deposit


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	(625


	)


	 


	 


	625


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total financial assets


	 


	 


	306,465


	 


	 


	 


	(766


	)


	 


	 


	766


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Increase / (decrease)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(766


	)


	 


	 


	766


	 





	 








	Page

	20






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	11.



	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS






	 




	Fair value measurement principles



	The fair value of financial assets and liabilities must be estimated
	for recognition and measurement and for disclosure purposes.


	 


	When preparing the financial statements for the year ending
	31 March 2016, the Company has adopted

	NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement

	which requires disclosure of fair value measurements
	by level of the following fair value hierarchy:


	 


	a) quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
	assets and liabilities (Level 1)


	b) inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
	liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices) (Level 2), and


	c) inputs for the assets or liability
	that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) (Level 3).


	 


	The Company does not have any financial instruments which are
	recognised at fair value at reporting date.



	 




	Assets and liabilities not carried at fair value but for
	which fair value is disclosed



	 


	The following table analyses within
	the fair value hierarchy the Company's assets and liabiliites (by class) not measured at fair value but for which fair value is
	disclosed.


	 






	31 March 2016


	 


	Level 1


	 


	 


	Level 2


	 


	 


	Level 3


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans and receivables


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	- Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	118,598


	 




	- Term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	- Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	176,322


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	118,598


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	294,920


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Trade and other payables


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	54,368


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	54,368


	 




	 




	31 March 2015


	 


	Level 1


	 


	 


	Level 2


	 


	 


	Level 3


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans and receivables


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	- Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	31,698


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	31,698


	 




	- Term deposit


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	- Trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	281,698


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 


	 


	 


	306,465


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Trade and other payables


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 





	 






	Page

	21






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	11.



	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)





	 


	There were no transfers between levels during the period.


	 


	The assets and liabilities in the above table are carried at
	amortised cost; their carrying values are a reasonable approximation of fair value.


	 


	Loans and receivables include contractual amounts for settlement
	of trades and other obligations due to the Company. Trade and other payables represent contractual amounts and other obligations
	due by the Company.


	 








	12.



	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT





	 




	 


	 


	Plant and


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	 


	 


	Equipment


	 


	 


	Equipment


	 




	31 March 2016


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance as at 1 April 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Additions


	 


	 


	4,862


	 


	 


	 


	4,862


	 




	Accumulated depreciation and Impairment


	 


	 


	(1,823


	)


	 


	 


	(1,823


	)




	Carrying value as at 31 March 2016


	 


	 


	3,039


	 


	 


	 


	3,039


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current year depreciation


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	(1,823


	)


	 


	 


	(1,823


	)




	31 March 2015


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance as at 1 April 2014


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Additions


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Accumulated depreciation and Impairment


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Carrying value as at 31 March 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current year depreciation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 





	 




	Page

	22






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016






	 






	13.




	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS






	 


	The Company is controlled by Coeus Limited (incorporated in
	New Zealand), which owns 100% of the Company's shares. The Company's ultimate controlling party is Mr. William Mook.


	 


	During the year the Company entered into the following transactions
	with related parties:


	 






	 


	 




	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 



	ended 31/03/16



	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Material transactions with related parties were:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans advanced to Coeus Limited


	 


	 


	80,732


	 


	 


	 


	22,532


	 




	Interest received on loan to Coeus Limited


	 


	 


	5,168


	 


	 


	 


	440


	 




	Total transactions with related parties


	 


	 


	85,901


	 


	 


	 


	22,972


	 




	 






	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Material amounts owing from related parties were:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loans advanced - Coeus Limited


	 


	 


	108,872


	 


	 


	 


	22,972


	 




	Total amounts owing from related parties


	 


	 


	108,872


	 


	 


	 


	22,972


	 







	 




	The loans to Coeus Limited are repayable on demand and carry
	interest at 6.70% p.a.


	 


	There is an Intellectual Property Assignment between Zeecol
	Limited and Coeus Limited that contain performance requirements.


	 








	14.




	TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES






	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	Trade and other receivables comprise:


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Trade receivables - interest accrued on term deposit


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,796


	 




	Trade receivables - debtors


	 


	 


	67,450


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Loans to related parties (note 13)


	 


	 


	108,872


	 


	 


	 


	22,972


	 




	Total trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	176,322


	 


	 


	 


	24,767


	 





	 








	15.




	WORK IN PROGRESS - DIGESTERS






	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 


	ended 31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Work in progress- Digesters


	 


	 


	65,882


	 


	 


	 


	47,244


	 




	Total work in progress - digesters


	 


	 


	65,882


	 


	 


	 


	47,244


	 







	 




	Page

	23






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 






	15.




	WORK IN PROGRESS - DIGESTERS
	(continued)






	 


	Work in progress consists of development costs incurred in relation
	to the construction of Anaerobic Digesters in respect of three contracts signed by the Company - with Geddes Farming Company Limited,
	Aberystwyth Dairies Limited and with Pannett's Dairies Limited, for the sale of goods (refer note 8).


	 


	The Digesters were still
	being constructed as at 31 March 2016, and accordingly no depreciation has been recorded as they are not yet available for use.


	 


	The contracts entered into
	between Zeecol Limited and Geddes Farming Company Limited, Aberystwyth Dairies Limited and Pannett's Dairies Limited are
	subject to substantial deposits by those three entities.


	 


	These contracts comprise the provision
	of facilities to Geddes, Aberystwyth and Pannett's Dairies to process all their farm waste, these facilities to be constructed
	at the respective farms but Zeecol will build, own and operate such facilities at these locations.


	 


	Such deposits are subject to "Off Take Agreements"
	whereby these funds are held in trust by the Bank. These funds are released to Zeecol Limited according to the degree of work undertaken
	for each contract and are subject to the scrutiny and acceptance by Geddes, Aberystwyth and Pannett's.


	 


	The technology has been
	licensed to Zeecol Limited by Coeus Limited to build, own and operate these facilities on respective client farms.


	 








	16.




	TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES






	 




	 


	 


	As at


	 


	 


	As at


	 




	 


	 


	31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	Trade and other payables comprise:


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Trade payables


	 


	 


	15,059


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 




	Accruals


	 


	 


	39,309


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total trade payables


	 


	 


	54,368


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 





	 


	Trade payables are to be settled within the next financial year.


	 






	17.




	EQUITY







	 




	Share capital



	 


	As at 31 March 2016, share capital comprised 1,000,000 authorised
	and issued ordinary shares. All issued shares are unpaid, and have no par value.


	 


	As at 31 March 2015, share capital comprised 1,000,000 authorised
	and issued ordinary shares. All issued shares are unpaid, and have no par value.


	 


	The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends
	as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company, and rank equally with regard to
	the Company's residual assets.


	 




	Page

	24






	 




	 







	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016








	 








	18.




	RECONCILIATION OF NET
	CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES WITH NET PROFIT AFTER TAXATION






	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	For the six


	 




	 


	 


	For the year


	 


	 


	months ended


	 




	 


	 


	ended 31/03/16


	 


	 


	31/3/15


	 




	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net profit/(loss) after taxation


	 


	 


	(173,739


	)


	 


	 


	(93,933


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Movements in working capital items:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Increase) in trade and other receivables


	 


	 


	(70,822


	)


	 


	 


	(2,235


	)




	(Increase) in deferred expenses


	 


	 


	(121,964


	)


	 


	 


	(29,715


	)




	(Increase) in income tax receivable


	 


	 


	(291


	)


	 


	 


	(1,228


	)




	Increase in deferred tax liability


	 


	 


	4,940


	 


	 


	 


	83,796


	 




	(Decrease) / Increase in GST payable


	 


	 


	(37,115


	)


	 


	 


	45,951


	 




	Increase in trade and other payables


	 


	 


	42,530


	 


	 


	 


	11,838


	 




	Increase in depreciation


	 


	 


	1,823


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Increase in deferred revenue


	 


	 


	295,772


	 


	 


	 


	337,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	114,872


	 


	 


	 


	445,407


	 




	Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	(58,867


	)


	 


	 


	351,474


	 







	 






	19.




	CONTINGENT LIABILITIES






	 


	(a) Pursuant to a consulting agreement signed between the Company
	and Loomac Management Limited (Loomac), the Company agreed to engage Loomac to assist in getting the Company listed and trading
	on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE) in Canada and to assist in completing financings for a period of three years following
	listing. As consideration for these services, the Company made a cash payment to Loomac and agreed to issue a portion of shares
	of the resulting public company to Loomac.


	 


	(b) The Company has sales commission agreements with its sales
	representatives. The sales commission payable is 2% of the capital expenditure cost incurred in relation to sales contracts originated
	by the sales representative.


	 


	All commissions are contingent on the Company listing on the
	Canadian Stock Exchange and obtaining financing.


	 






	20.




	CAPITAL COMMITMENTS







	 



	Subject to successful listing and obtaining financing, the Company
	is committed to building the Anaerobic Digesters and surrounding facilities on the farms in respect of the following customers:


	 


	(a) Aberystwyth Dairies Limited


	 


	(b) Pannetts Dairies Limited


	 


	(c) Geddes Farming Company Limited


	 




	Page

	25






	 




	 









	Zeecol
	Limited







	 




	 







	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS









	FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2016






	 






	21.




	JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
	MADE BY THE COMPANY IN THE PREPARATION OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS








	 



	*Classification of financial assets

	- the Company has
	reviewed the substance and nature of the financial assets carried, the obligations and rewards associated with holding those assets,
	and the implications of classifying an asset(s) in one category and then 'tainting' that category for future periods, should a
	change be made to the intention or operation of an asset(s) within that category. The Company believes that the current classifications
	best reflect the operational characteristics of the financial assets held.


	 



	*Classification of financial liabilities

	- the Company
	completed a review of the sub-categories of financial liabilities carried on the Statement of Financial Position. The Company believes
	that it has been as transparent as possible as to whom the financial liability obligations relate.


	 



	*Compilation of sensitivity analysis

	- the assumptions
	used in the modelling exercise have been based on what the Company considers as "reasonably possible".


	 


	At the reporting
	date, the Company has no other significant estimates or assumptions that have significant risk of causing a material adjustment
	to the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


	 






	22.




	SUBSEQUENT EVENTS






	 


	Deferred Legal fees payable at balance date were believed to
	relate to the parent company, Coeus Ltd, but had been invoiced to Zeecol Ltd. These invoices have since been credited after balance
	date and re-issued to the parent company, however at balance date were due for payment by Zeecol Ltd.


	 




	Page

	26










	 












Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




6:34 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Executives

 director 
Kowk Leung Lee






Related Companies

Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.
American Woodmark
Baltek Corp
Capstone Systems Inc
China Wood, Inc.
Corruven, Inc.
DINO ENERGY Corp
Garman Cabinet & Millwork, Inc.
Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.
Hesperia Holding Inc
Keller Manufacturing Co
Masco Corporation
Norcraft Companies
Norcraft Companies Lp
Norcraft Holdings, L.P.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Millwood, veneer, plywood, & structural wood membersAddress

Unit 1914 19F Miramar Tower, Tsim Sha Tsui, K3 852
Phone
852-2482-5168





Executives

 director 
Kowk Leung Lee



Sample Contracts



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Securities Purchase Agreement
(June 6th, 2017)
This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of May 31, 2017, by and between ZEECOL INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Florida corporation, with headquarters located at 57a Nayland Street, Sumner, Christchurch 8081 New Zealand (the "Company"), and CROWN BRIDGE PARTNERS, LLC, a New York limited liability company, with its address at 1173a 2nd Avenue, Suite 126, New York, NY 10065 (the "Buyer").



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Convertible Promissory Note
(June 6th, 2017)
This Note carries a prorated original issue discount of $4,000.00 (the "OID"), to cover the Holder's accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of this Note. Thus, the purchase price of this Note shall be $41,000.00, computed as follows: the Principal Amount minus the OID.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Securities Purchase Agreement
(May 25th, 2017)
This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of May 16, 2017, by and between Zeecol International, Inc. f/k/a Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation, with its address at 57a Nayland Street, Sumner, Christchurch 8081 New Zealand (the "Company"), and POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD., a Virginia corporation, with its address at 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 216, Great Neck, NY 11021 (the "Buyer").



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Convertible Promissory Note
(May 25th, 2017)
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
OFFTAKE AGREEMENT THIS OFFTAKE AGREEMENT (This "Agreement") Is Made on the
Twentyfifth [________] Day of BETWEEN ZEECOL LIMITED Seller") AND a
[_____________] DAIRIES LIMITED Buyer") at Christchurch, New Zealand ("The at
Ashburton, New Zealand ("The
(May 15th, 2017)
A.     The     Seller and the Buyer (collectively, the "Parties", and each individually a "Party") are  desirous     of entering into an agreement whereby the Seller will sell and the Buyer will purchase a portion of Seller's Products     (as defined below) produced by the Sellers Anaerobic Digester (as defined below); and                               B.     The     Seller desires to sell to the Buyer and the Buyer desires to purchase from the Seller the Products pursuant to the terms and     conditions of this Agreement;



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
LETTER OF INTENT BETWEEN and ZEECOL LIMITED, 57 a Nayland Street Sumner 8081
Christchurch, New Zealand
(May 15th, 2017)
The parties, following a series of preliminary meetings, have agreed to record their stated intentions to build and develop an Anaerobic Digester on the property of [_______________], on the following terms and conditions.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as Amended, of Zeecol
International, Inc.
(May 15th, 2017)
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 607.0602, 607.1003 and 607.1006 of the Florida Business Corporation Act, the undersigned corporation hereby submits the following amendment relating to the Corporation's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock:



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
IP AGREEMENT BETWEEN WILLIAM HARRY MOOK JR ("Licensor) AND ZEECOL
INTERNATIONAL, INC. ("Licensee")
(May 15th, 2017)
BETWEEN     William     Harry Mook Jr. of Christchurch, New Zealand, Company Director ("the     Licensor")                             AND     Zeecol     International, Inc. a Florida corporation, based in Christchurch, New Zealand for itself and as trustee for its future     subsidiaries and assignees ("the Licensee") (both Licensor and Licensee referred to together hereinafter as "the     Parties").



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Business Advisory Agreement
(May 15th, 2017)
WHEREAS, The Company has engaged the Business Advisor to act as a business consultant and advisor in connection with the Company's business matters;



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as Amended, of Green
Dragon Wood Products, Inc.
(February 9th, 2017)
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 607.0602, 607.1002 and 607.1006 of the Florida Business Corporation Act, the undersigned corporation hereby submits the following amendment for the purpose of deleting the authorization for its Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock:



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(February 9th, 2017)
NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, (C) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144, RULE 145 OR RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF APPLICABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR "BLUE SKY" LAWS OR (D) IF THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, OR OTHERWISE SATISFIED ITSELF, THAT THE TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE LAWS AND REGULATIONS GOVERNING THE OFFER AND SALE OF SECURITIES.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Agreement and Plan of Merger
(February 3rd, 2017)
GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Florida, with offices located at Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong ("Green Dragon")



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Center
(January 25th, 2017)
This letter shall serve as an amendment and restatement ("Amendment 2") to our Letter of Intent dated November 16, 2016, as amended on December 28, 2016, to move the closing of the Transaction to a date prior to, rather than after, the contemplated reverse split, and to adjust certain numbers throughout on a pro-rata basis.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Center
(December 30th, 2016)
Thank you very much for your kind understanding and warm support. I will be greatly appreciate if you can accept our request by signing below.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Center
(December 28th, 2016)
On behalf of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. (the "Company"), I am extremely pleased to invite you to become a member of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"). We believe that your skills, expertise and knowledge will prove very helpful to the Company's progress as we move towards the completion of our business combination.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Center
(November 22nd, 2016)
This letter of intent (the "LOI") sets forth the agreement and terms of the acquisition (the "RTO") of Zeecol Limited, a New Zealand corporation with any subsidiary corporations ("Zeecol") by Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation ("Green Dragon"). The combined entity which has not yet been named, will be referred to hereinafter as "Zeecol Pubco."



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Usd 4.0 Million Credit Facilities
(July 15th, 2014)
ICICI Bank Limited, Hong Kong Branch (the "Bank") is pleased to make available to you the facilities set out in paragraph 3 below, on an uncommitted basis for a period of 12 months from April 27, 2014 (the "Availability Period") and subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Facility Letter. The facilities available to you under this Facility Letter (the "Facilities") are subject to non occurance of any Material Adverse Change, at the Bank's sole discretion.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Employment Agreement
(February 8th, 2013)
The written notice given hereunder by Employee to Employer shall specify in reasonable detail the cause for termination, and such termination notice shall not be effective until thirty (30) days after Employer's receipt of such notice, during which time Employer shall have the right to respond to Employee's notice and cure the breach or other event giving rise to the termination.



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Subscription Agreement
(February 8th, 2013)
Non-Affiliate Status.  The Purchaser is not an affiliate of the Company nor is any affiliate of the Purchaser an affiliate of the Company; and



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited
(July 15th, 2011)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Filed as a PDF Reference
(July 14th, 2010)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(July 14th, 2010)
3O/2R^#O[LLQGU^]V]^]E=K=]'GOX^SN;NBGW9DX?@\IH.OR[FM+ MJZ(BOF;R+K6NGHCTZ+/[_N=ED'3GLLA!9=Y^*Z@+?EW86_O.NSG:?=W5UV5W M666>6MW?EGUK=OCV42\``KG_CO&/O9:WF.\N-[.8F65MW;=Z_7>ME=EF,_=] MUT677X=U==^_F=OSQ[K6N^130].BS^Z M[G9]!TY[+,1/Y99_D8?EW>'Y9UV"O7Q7Y97990ZD]W,QV'6[O6MET1=O?W]===SL^@Z?%EFG\_'_]-#TU%EE$1995]T[2NNIO797=9=W95 M5]\^[+7Z[L.N.`";D=(&T4*]^IGJ,[YP=NHQZW8_+R';BV+AX+CMP:>[H+H" M#OQ-7%U@D-QCU\!+6=/=AN*[*_KKKN=GWK?Q99UV?I^=/_?GO9=P_WLLZZ MZ=K/9?1Y97=9=YW)Y^Z??UK]=Q/K^`"T:01!N;Y/^_.#AC%^+APN@`%G)/8)["V) M/\???>CC'H/"#\7!+=NW8EV63H.ZRUR+J_+*[K++,F?,-EI.*[-#`__NI,_BZ- MN3`!7RBKLBV+656D"T22RQAQ:##LS%2.#QALR=OL/W7LWP`5\U%WLQ%>:>:3 MZ[]?EO=W&9T21V\8;,G;MH>]7N+H9ZIG&``KYJ++9B*\SBNTU7[_?,^XQ]_^ MOC)W=$6]7N';K9![I[*DR`0`*^:BRV8BO,XL],D77;YE%G5[U^B+=4M6X/)W`?PZ(Z@P[J+**WEEECRBN>5Q]S\?#P5`2!^ M/'UE`MW%XT'!Y8N^@^-#K4?H\&GJ(0@23VGM_O8KB_LMC1XPVN"``KY]_=99 M=997Y999]Z64.Z[+.*?U=EEI]79Y7=]Y_9Y1WJX]=G=?=?=1YC]V'/ZYS[Z4\NAO_V*XO[+;9K9:-P2V:VJ]+A0`*^>4[+NZ=G9QY997=!W4SNRR'S_?>66DAWAW?>7]A8@/1] MWN./-YQD66



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Filed as a PDF Reference
(July 14th, 2010)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Filed as a PDF Reference
(July 14th, 2010)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(July 14th, 2010)
0QR^>L?75_>?>=V?>5I_K/J_J[N/NZKOS1]]$>479[/++./J+(C[_(^[\V@J`! M7&5TX7NH@[*[++/&Z?S/7W9Y5W>?]^4?1[OL/[RZSR[SOZOZN MROOZSR__RRCGYYWVG\YZ+IP]+/+O.`L?1'E\CRO:`L`%EGEU'86/\CSG(\K;0"@`KB%E2%?_L.[O^NSSG"'']E?,K ML[T!4?=_U_]Z`B/[,C^N0?5NU?]'.NAQY]7]=?7]13\[5X?7X>GG./?OC+/+ MJ.(BR(\Z:/+#:"T`%?O^CG7/OOY]7]=SK^HZ>3]X=5\2*Z_?$4?7S]Y%V1YTT>7MH+``5 MR[?I"=X(BRBG19Y3,-OQ_=/]1Y9Q'A'W?/O_B1IZ?F1=7>X_X4;]_TRBGW9Y M'9'?']^_E?GW$>$?=\^_^^:?FJ4_,BZN_S^'X/+J+_H=0??4?W7UV44_CRFH MZ\\>SG(^GOT'.F^OWLB/*>C[/-!4`"N,LZ0EUP=W%/SSR(C^>G2SB[F>6>6=W;W:/*[J_^[N+,]WV0\K MNLYO+[*[+[+_J/[[/K*[N=YQW59[K)%E9O'B*=-Q1=D?79'E'W$T"@`*XS MRG#?^C#LKN\KLN\Z5UV4[J[+/**#B1Y99Y_VXK;Q%GT0X=W4&.N^O/!?(>MX*@AW8E%,WS#``*XILZH[F8!``KB>SD@C,`P`5Q*9R4F8-@`R3K>FVP(`&5>F`0`%@U` M!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%ES:RT`"RW-9 M:`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6 M#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!;(4C:H`%LA6;:@`MD+1MJ`"P:@`L&H`+!J`"P:@ M`M-.MS3.*@`M!G;/F,PLY/).,4+:2:(`!-ZM+0&O6QJ%BW\3:2BD[4.(2AVB MVAM$``KB(C$]P@VTDL



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(July 14th, 2010)
V18`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%-#2&P`4T-(;`!8-0`6#4`%@U M`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6# M4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8 M-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!DM`B5MHR`!DMAA9'J,N$;4 M``R2GQK1ZD#"-J``9$(*IM:>AI&VN`!DEU&LF&:2;7@`R2X[6#())-KP`9)QX.ULKK;9`P`9)30XA]V]UE7Q91?6@[7YQ]-D#`!DE-#TB-LE(`,DN.[IJ/O*OZ'^OD]I$30+)F#@`R2ZCRF MGN\J_SZ^3R$[FGI[9`@`9)=-\^WLLJ_W]\GC[O]W^V0(`&24^.9CN'!CIZO] M_?)ZE#S@\[VRH`!DM`NIV%LAW#;(0`&2T":#PG!$"YX(XPP8X M7A+-K@GLH`!7!Y_.%$1#Q$.8XI`$>5"PVN">R@`$V2=$/MD&`";%.TH3(G`! M-BE-D(`";"\V0@`)L+394``FPLI5IKS`!8-0`6@:35&P`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6# M4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8 M-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6#4`%@U`!8-0`6@--53`!:`YJA8`+01 MCIJA8`+00K35!0`6CD=-4%`!:.1]J@@`+1--58`!8-0`64H364``L&H`+!J` M"P:@`L&H`+!J`"W4DVM``6#4`%@U`!915-9(`"P:@`L&H`+.G=D">ZDTAL`% MG3@05`P5CU@H,XI7#_56S$X`+.7*!E8HXRLM#!0SBC@=GHV96`"S@WQ%9\96 M89*1*7' M;_YLRL`%G!OR*C\BD]V5J,M>M-,Q.`"SESF9\"/R*3W97OEKUF8D`!9R



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(August 13th, 2009)
N?=TY#)Y^Q;$H5W_#`[IVY.QR>>@G&XL&YN"0/)PRHKL MQP;QQ-Y@`LZ)W[.\GQY_&BHWJ-ZY^O=OW'H\GXJ1YZ9TH\A]W3D,GG[%L)0H MO^&-+Z)\>C??>?ORC>>?'GWQV.QW`X-P:8.`RWW;>8`+.BA_'N)R^14;U&]A M5\^W-O8.*FBA^Z4?'#GR$&.=T=PXSF]_V.RF>'WHWWGW[5 M+(B=]]VBKC>NAN M&7G84XD.WG.PX.0COZS>M]7O M==YE,]C'LHL48]&]&/0XWGHW'G8\\^^//CMZ-W M&^^X9@YP&4\^/-S@`LYQP.PB++@?!*"874'Y0/A'AYVWF`"S`) M:XZFD^;`:EZY*U;LAVX&(#*';P\^WH`"S3ME$P,#@7;@8`+-/,HH!@`"V,#`X,'(!38@`%KK8(.&94,@`+7"P7" MA3>@`+7"PX\"!3>8`+7"@0=E(+F_@`M8`+7"A'QX7"CD;S`!:X*&!\7!QXWF`"UP4,XN#!O,`%K@HQPHN# M!O,`%KA0QPHL*.*;S`!:X*$%L8`+7"A1V.0J''C>@`*Z@2,HJ0Q6F:E0['AX=B;@ M`*X0,"Y#LXPMUC9J4"XYB4.AV.9N%#?>(,7OA!LTR.^V/)`8-R``5QAHA0_09"KFBYLTRG4)S'&K(`@Y7.>&S3,GWG"IYX?'(WT`!7K*LX=@E MG96X+*'`)9C\'#$YP=FTC6'8X*@Y&]0`*]8] M2@X=G9X%PEFTH\8['X".;A MSX3M MX',=#IQ!Q#=6`"N7%' M+&[LG*R@K!X"N4%`L&X/!M*C>@;A!Q3=(`"N$"S$@%QQ!Q8#$"0"\$X@X(XV ME2>A#F.QP[1SP;P]=8L5UBM(@1TXHXSD!4^]&.D'!V5#GNQSL)T._X[KKKHLAZW%8?VU5L`%=._8T[:>CVG MOKIW.;/O0X*%.>NNNBNSI9W_^;56P`5ZW2&GDGM@ZE%3^]HW\K[>1''E== M%E!



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Filed as a PDF Reference.
(August 13th, 2009)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Agreement for Share Exchange
(April 1st, 2008)
This AGREEMENT FOR SHARE EXCHANGE (this Agreement) is entered into on May 30, 2007, by and between Fit Sum Group Limited, Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation (FIT SUM), and Green Dragon Wood Products Co. Limited, a Hong Kong company (GREEN DRAGON HK) and Lee Kwok Leung and Mei Ling Law, shareholders of GREEN DRAGON HK (the Shareholders).



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Agreement for Share Exchange
(April 1st, 2008)
This AGREEMENT FOR SHARE EXCHANGE (this Agreement) is entered into on September 26,2007, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation (GREEN DRAGON FL), and Fit Sum Group Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (FIT SUM).



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(January 23rd, 2008)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(January 23rd, 2008)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(January 23rd, 2008)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(January 23rd, 2008)




Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. –
Contract
(January 23rd, 2008)














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








Zeecol International, Inc. 10-Q Jan. 27, 2017  5:25 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Zeecol International, Inc. (AMOO)FORM 10-Q | Quarterly ReportJan. 27, 2017  5:25 PM|About: Zeecol International, Inc. (AMOO)View as PDF

 GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (Form: 10-Q, Received: 01/27/2017 17:28:09) 











	 






	 




	 




	UNITED STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 




	 






	 




	FORM 10-Q




	 




	 






	 


	(Mark One)


	 








	x





	QUARTERLY
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 	EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





	 


	For the quarterly period ended:


	June 30, 2016





	 



	or


	 








	o





	TRANSITION
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





	 


	For the transition period from ____________ to _____________


	 




	Commission File No. 000-53379




	 







	GREEN
	DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.








	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
	charter)





	 







	FLORIDA





	 





	26-1133266








	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or



	organization)



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer or Identification No.)





	 



	Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre




	9 Science Museum Road





	Kowloon, Hong Kong




	(Address of principal executive offices)
	(Zip Code)


	 




	+852-2482-5168




	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)



	 







	 






	(Former name, former address
	and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)


	 


	 


	Indicate by check mark
	whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
	12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
	filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes

	¨

	 


	No 

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
	and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
	shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes

	¨

	 


	No 

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark
	whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
	See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
	in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


	 







	Large accelerated filer.

	¨





	Accelerated filer.   

	¨







	Non-accelerated filer.   

	¨

	    
	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 




	Smaller reporting company.   

	x

	     






	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes 

	¨

	No 

	x

	     


	 


	APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY


	PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
	to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes

	¨

	No

	¨



	 


	APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:


	 


	Indicate the number of shares outstanding
	of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date


	 


	The number of shares of common stock issued
	and outstanding as of June 30, 2016 is 23,725,000. The number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of January 26,
	2017 is 23,725,000. 


	 




	 





	 




	 



	TABLE OF CONTENTS



	 




	 


	 




	Page






	 





	PART I





	3





	Item 1.





	Financial Statements




	3





	Item 2.





	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation




	19





	Item 3.





	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk




	25





	Item 4.





	Controls and Procedures




	25




	 





	PART II





	26





	Item 1.





	Legal Proceedings




	26





	Item 1A.





	Risk Factors




	27





	Item 2.





	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds




	27





	Item 3.





	Defaults Upon Senior Securities




	27





	Item 4.





	Mine Safety Disclosures




	27





	Item 5.





	Other Information




	27





	Item 6.





	Exhibits




	28






	SIGNATURES




	28




	 


	 




	 

	2






	 




	 







	PART I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION



	 







	ITEM 1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	 






	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
	BALANCE SHEETS




	AS OF JUNE 30, 2016 AND MARCH 31, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	 





	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	(Audited)


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	520


	 


	 


	$


	41,438


	 




	Restricted cash


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	266,053


	 




	Accounts receivable, net


	 


	 


	2,887,991


	 


	 


	 


	2,422,541


	 




	Amount due from a director


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	69,972


	 




	Prepayments and other receivables


	 


	 


	2,031,476


	 


	 


	 


	1,995,852


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	4,919,987


	 


	 


	 


	4,795,856


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-current assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Plant and equipment, net


	 


	 


	4,993


	 


	 


	 


	7,907


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	4,924,980


	 


	 


	$


	4,803,763


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Short-term borrowings


	 


	$


	1,863,449


	 


	 


	$


	2,637,060


	 




	Account payable, trade


	 


	 


	1,413,662


	 


	 


	 


	1,144,436


	 




	Accrued liabilities and other payables


	 


	 


	1,269,735


	 


	 


	 


	746,674


	 




	Amount due to a director


	 


	 


	166,850


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Obligation under finance lease


	 


	 


	13,308


	 


	 


	 


	13,193


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	4,727,004


	 


	 


	 


	4,541,363


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-current liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Obligation under finance lease


	 


	 


	2,265


	 


	 


	 


	5,641


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	4,729,269


	 


	 


	 


	4,547,004


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders’ equity:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 50,000,000 preferred
	shares authorized; Series A convertible Preferred Stock, 2,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively


	 


	 


	2,000


	 


	 


	 


	2,000


	 




	Common stock, $0.001 par value; 23,725,000 shares issued
	and outstanding, respectively


	 


	 


	23,725


	 


	 


	 


	23,725


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	1,236,400


	 


	 


	 


	1,236,400


	 




	Subscription receivable


	 


	 


	(100,000


	)


	 


	 


	(100,000


	)




	Accumulated losses


	 


	 


	(949,314


	)


	 


	 


	(888,528


	)




	Accumulated other comprehensive
	loss


	 


	 


	(17,100


	)


	 


	 


	(16,838


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total stockholders’ equity


	 


	 


	195,711


	 


	 


	 


	256,759


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES
	AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	$


	4,924,980


	 


	 


	$


	4,803,763


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
	financial statements.


	 




	 

	3






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
	STATEMENTS OF




	OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
	(LOSS) INCOME




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS
	ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015




	(Currency expressed
	in United States Dollars (“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)




	 







	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	REVENUE, NET


	 


	$


	494,300


	 


	 


	$


	1,969,142


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	COST OF REVENUES


	 


	 


	(425,739


	)


	 


	 


	(1,683,167


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	GROSS PROFIT


	 


	 


	68,561


	 


	 


	 


	285,975


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	General and administrative expenses


	 


	 


	124,296


	 


	 


	 


	213,752


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS


	 


	 


	(55,735


	)


	 


	 


	72,223


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other (expense) income:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Foreign exchange gain (loss)


	 


	 


	11,780


	 


	 


	 


	(39,951


	)




	Interest income


	 


	 


	105


	 


	 


	 


	106


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(47,770


	)


	 


	 


	(56,984


	)




	Other income


	 


	 


	30,834


	 


	 


	 


	25,958


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Total other expense


	 


	 


	(5,051


	)


	 


	 


	(70,871


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES


	 


	 


	(60,786


	)


	 


	 


	1,352


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax expense


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET (LOSS)
	INCOME


	 


	$


	(60,786


	)


	 


	$


	1,352


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other comprehensive income:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	– Foreign currency translation adjustment


	 


	 


	(262


	)


	 


	 


	949


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	COMPREHENSIVE
	(LOSS) INCOME


	 


	$


	(61,048


	)


	 


	$


	2,301


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net (loss) income per share:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	– Basic


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	0.00


	 




	– Diluted


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	0.00


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average common shares outstanding:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	– Basic


	 


	 


	23,725,000


	 


	 


	 


	23,725,000


	 




	– Diluted


	 


	 


	23,725,000


	 


	 


	 


	23,725,000


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
	financial statements.


	 




	 

	4






	 




	 





	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.




	CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
	FLOWS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016
	AND 2015




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”))




	(Unaudited)




	 





	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net (loss) income


	 


	$


	(60,786


	)


	 


	$


	1,352


	 




	Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash generated
	from operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	2,909


	 


	 


	 


	4,597


	 




	Stock-based compensation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	41,553


	 




	Change in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(465,450


	)


	 


	 


	515,839


	 




	Prepayments, deposits and other receivables


	 


	 


	(35,624


	)


	 


	 


	183,383


	 




	Accounts payable, trade


	 


	 


	269,226


	 


	 


	 


	76,174


	 




	Accrued liabilities and other payables


	 


	 


	523,061


	 


	 


	 


	45,852


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash generated from operating activities


	 


	 


	233,336


	 


	 


	 


	868,750


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from investing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of plant and equipment


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(1,374


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash used in investing activities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(1,374


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from financing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Repayment of short-term borrowings


	 


	 


	(773,611


	)


	 


	 


	(855,980


	)




	Change in restricted cash


	 


	 


	266,053


	 


	 


	 


	762


	 




	Repayment of finance lease


	 


	 


	(3,261


	)


	 


	 


	(3,119


	)




	Advance from (repayment to) a director


	 


	 


	236,822


	 


	 


	 


	(98,898


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash used in financing activities


	 


	 


	(273,997


	)


	 


	 


	(957,235


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	(257


	)


	 


	 


	940


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	 


	(40,918


	)


	 


	 


	(88,919


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	BEGINNING OF PERIOD


	 


	 


	41,438


	 


	 


	 


	101,506


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	END OF PERIOD


	 


	$


	520


	 


	 


	$


	12,587


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for tax


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Cash paid for interest


	 


	$


	47,770


	 


	 


	$


	56,984


	 





	 


	See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
	financial statements.



	 





	 

	5






	 





	 




	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.






	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 









	 




	 




	Preferred stock




	 




	 




	Common stock




	 




	 




	Additional



	paid-in




	 




	 




	Subscription




	 




	 




	Accumulated



	other



	comprehensive




	 




	 




	Retained




	 




	 




	Total



	stockholders’




	 






	 




	 




	Shares




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	Shares




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	capital




	 




	 




	receivable




	 




	 




	(loss) gain




	 




	 




	earnings




	 




	 




	equity




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance as of April 1, 2016




	 




	 




	2,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	2,000




	 




	 




	 




	23,725,000




	 




	 




	$




	23,725




	 




	 




	$




	1,236,400




	 




	 




	$




	(100,000




	)




	 




	$




	(16,838




	)




	 




	$




	(888,528




	)




	 




	$




	256,759




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss for the period




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(60,786




	)




	 




	 




	(60,786




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Foreign currency translation adjustment




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(262




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(262




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance as of June 30, 2016




	 




	 




	2,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	2,000




	 




	 




	 




	23,725,000




	 




	 




	$




	23,725




	 




	 




	$




	1,236,400




	 




	 




	 




	(100,000




	)




	 




	 




	(17,100




	)




	 




	 




	(949,314




	)




	 




	 




	195,711




	 








	 


	See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
	financial statements.


	 




	 

	6






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)




	 




	NOTE

	–

	1
	          BASIS OF PRESENTATION



	 


	The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
	financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with both generally accepted accounting principles in the
	United States (“GAAP”), and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Certain information and
	note disclosures normally included in audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
	have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made
	are adequate to make the information not misleading.


	 


	In the opinion of management, the consolidated
	balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 which has been derived from audited financial statements and these unaudited condensed consolidated
	financial statements reflect all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary to state fairly the results for the periods
	presented. The results for the period ended June 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
	entire fiscal year ending March 31, 2017 or for any future period.


	 


	These unaudited condensed consolidated financial
	statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Management’s Discussion and the audited financial statements
	and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	2
	          ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND




	 



	Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.,
	(the “Company” or “GDWP”) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on September 26, 2007.


	 


	The Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly
	engages in re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong.


	 



	Description of subsidiaries



	 






	Company Name


	 


	Place of incorporation

	and kind of 

	legal entity


	 


	Principal activities

	and place of operation


	 


	Particulars of

	issued/

	registered share

	capital


	 


	Effective

	interest

	held


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Green Dragon Industrial Inc.

	(“GDI”)


	 


	British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), May 30, 2007


	 


	37,500 issued shares of common of US$1 each


	 


	Investment holding


	 


	 


	100


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited (“GDWPCL”)


	 


	Hong Kong,

	March 14, 2000


	 


	5,000,000 issued shares

	of ordinary shares


	 


	Re-sale and

	trading of wood


	 


	 


	100


	%





	 


	GDWP and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
	referred to as the “Company”.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	3
	          SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES	



	 


	The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
	statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying
	condensed consolidated financial statements and notes.


	 







	·



	Basis
	of consolidation




	 




	 

	7






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	The condensed consolidated financial statements
	include the accounts of GDWP and its subsidiaries. All inter-company balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
	have been eliminated upon consolidation.


	 







	·



	Use
	of estimates




	 


	In preparing these condensed consolidated
	financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in
	the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


	 







	·



	Cash
	and cash equivalents




	 


	Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
	and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments
	with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments.


	 







	·



	Accounts
	receivable




	 


	Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
	amount less an allowance for any uncollectible accounts and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms,
	generally 60 to 180 days from shipment. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business,
	based on evaluation of a customer’s financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts
	receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 180 days and
	those over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for
	doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends and aging of receivables. Management also periodically
	evaluates individual customer’s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to make adjustments
	in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
	have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.


	 







	·



	Plant
	and equipment




	 


	Plant and equipment are stated at cost less
	accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis over
	the following expected useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational:


	 




	 


	 



	Expected useful
	life








	Computer equipment



	 



	3-5 years






	Leasehold improvement



	 



	5 years






	Motor vehicle



	 



	3 years






	Office equipment



	 



	5 years






	 


	Expenditure for repairs and maintenance is
	expensed as incurred. When assets have retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
	and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations.


	 


	Depreciation expense for the three months
	ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,909 and $4,597, respectively.


	 







	·



	Impairment
	of long-lived assets




	 


	In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
	("ASC") Topic 360-10-5, “

	Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets

	”, the Company reviews its
	long-lived assets, including plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
	carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that useful lives are no longer appropriate. If the total of the
	expected undiscounted future net cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the difference
	between the fair value and carrying amount of the asset. There has been no impairment charge as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 




	 

	8






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 







	·



	Revenue
	recognition




	 


	In accordance with ASC Topic 605, “

	Revenue
	Recognition

	”, the Company recognizes revenue when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of
	an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.


	 


	Revenue from re-sale and trading of wood logs,
	wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products is recognized upon shipment to the customer when title and risk of loss are transferred
	and there are no continuing obligations to the customer. Title and the risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer
	at varying points, which is determined based on shipping terms. Revenue is recorded net of sales discounts, returns, allowances,
	customer rebates and other adjustments that are based upon management’s best estimates and historical experience and are
	provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded. Based on historical experience, management estimates that
	sales returns are immaterial and has not made allowance for estimated sales returns.


	 


	Interest income is recognized on a time apportionment
	basis, taking into account the principal amounts outstanding and the interest rates applicable.


	 







	·



	Comprehensive
	income




	 


	ASC Topic 220, “

	Comprehensive Income

	”,
	establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive
	income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income,
	as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity, consists of changes in unrealized
	gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense
	or benefit.


	 







	·



	Income
	taxes




	 


	The provision for income taxes is determined
	in accordance with ASC Topic 740, “

	Income Taxes

	” (“ASC 740”). Under this method, deferred tax
	assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
	carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
	using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
	to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
	in the period that includes the enactment date.


	 


	ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for
	how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or
	expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when
	it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially
	and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon
	ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.


	 


	For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and
	2015, the Company did not have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of June 30, 2016, the Company did
	not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.


	 


	The Company conducts major businesses in Hong
	Kong and is subject to tax in this jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are
	subject to examination by the foreign tax authority.


	 







	·



	Net
	(loss) income per share




	 




	 

	9






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	The Company calculates net income per share
	in accordance with ASC Topic 260, “

	Earnings per Share.

	” Basic income per share is computed by dividing the
	net income by the weighted-average number of common share outstanding during the year. Diluted income per share is computed similar
	to basic income per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common share that would
	have been outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive.


	 







	·



	Foreign
	currencies translation




	 


	Transactions denominated in currencies other
	than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
	transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into
	the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are
	recorded in the consolidated statement of operations.


	 


	The reporting currency of the Company is United
	States Dollar ("US$") and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition,
	the Company’s operating subsidiary in Hong Kong maintains its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”),
	which is a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted.
	In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated
	into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, “ Translation of Financial Statement”, using the exchange rate on the
	balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the year. The gains and losses resulting
	from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive
	income within the statements of changes in stockholders’ equity.


	 


	Translation of amounts from HK$ into US$1
	has been made at the following exchange rates for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015:


	 






	 


	 


	June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate


	 


	 


	7.7586


	 


	 


	 


	7.7519


	 




	Period average HK$: US$1 exchange rate


	 


	 


	7.7605


	 


	 


	 


	7.7517


	 





	 







	·



	Related
	parties




	 


	Parties, which can be a corporation or individual,
	are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant
	influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they
	are subject to common control or common significant influence.


	 







	·



	Segment
	reporting




	 


	ASC Topic 280, “

	Segment Reporting

	”
	establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent with the Company’s internal
	organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business segments and major customers in the financial
	statements. For the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company operates one reportable business segment in Hong Kong.


	 







	·



	Fair
	value of financial instruments




	 


	The carrying value of the Company’s
	financial instruments (excluding short-term borrowings): cash, accounts receivable, prepayments, deposits and other receivables,
	accounts payable, amount due to a director, income tax payable, accrued liabilities and other payable approximate at their fair
	values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The fair value of the marketable securities is based on
	quoted prices in active exchange-traded or over-the-counter markets.


	 




	 

	10






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	Management believes, based on the current
	market prices or interest rates for similar debt instruments, the fair value of its revolving lines of credit and long-term bank
	borrowing approximate the carrying amount.


	 


	The Company also follows the guidance of ASC
	Topic 820-10, “

	Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures

	” ("ASC 820-10"), with respect to financial
	assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
	the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


	 







	·





	Level
	1

	: Inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded
	in active markets;





	 







	·





	Level
	2 :

	Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either
	directly or indirectly; and





	 







	·





	Level
	3

	: Inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates
	of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
	The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option
	pricing models and discounted cash flow models.





	 


	Fair value estimates are made at a specific
	point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and
	involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
	could significantly affect the estimates.


	 







	·



	Economic
	and political risk




	 


	The Company’s major operations are conducted
	in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong
	Kong’s economy may influence the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations.


	 


	The Company’s major operations in Hong
	Kong are subject to considerations and significant risks typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe.
	These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic, and legal environment. The Company’s results
	may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures,
	and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.


	 







	·



	Recent
	accounting pronouncements




	 


	The Company has reviewed all recently issued,
	but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected
	to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	4
	          ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET



	 


	The majority of the Company’s sales
	are on open credit terms and in accordance with terms specified in the contracts governing the relevant transactions. The Company
	evaluates the need of an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that management believes to
	be uncollectible. If actual collections experience changes, revisions to the allowance may be required. For the three months ended
	June 30, 2016 and 2015, no allowance for doubtful accounts was charged to operations.


	 




	 

	11






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 






	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	(Audited)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable, cost


	 


	$


	4,890,706


	 


	 


	$


	4,425,256


	 




	Less: allowance for doubtful
	accounts


	 


	 


	(2,002,715


	)


	 


	 


	(2,002,715


	)




	 Accounts receivable, net


	 


	$


	2,887,991


	 


	 


	$


	2,422,541


	 





	 





	NOTE

	–

	5
	          PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




	 



	Prepayments, deposits
	and other receivables consisted of:



	 





	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	(Audited)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase deposits to vendors


	 


	$


	1,870,239


	 


	 


	$


	1,779,405


	 




	Rental and utilities


	 


	 


	34,800


	 


	 


	 


	34,819


	 




	Other receivables


	 


	 


	126,437


	 


	 


	 


	181,628


	 




	 


	 


	$


	2,031,476


	 


	 


	$


	1,995,852


	 





	 


	Purchase deposits represent deposit payments
	made to vendors for procurement, which are interest-free, unsecured and relieved against accounts payable when goods are received
	by the Company.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	6
	          AMOUNT DUE TO A DIRECTOR



	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the balance represented
	temporary advances made to the Company by Mr. Lee, the director, which was unsecured, interest-free with no fixed terms of repayment.
	Imputed interest is not significant.


	 





	NOTE

	–

	7
	          SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS



	 


	Short-term borrowings consist of:


	 




	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	(Audited)


	 




	Payable to financial institutions in Hong Kong:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revolving line of credits


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited


	 


	$


	515,392


	 


	 


	$


	881,815


	 




	Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited


	 


	 


	546,731


	 


	 


	 


	635,703


	 




	Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	447,739


	 




	 


	 


	 


	1,062,123


	 


	 


	 


	1,965,257


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Short-term bank borrowing


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited


	 


	 


	129,880


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Payable to third parties (under supplier agreement)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited


	 


	 


	671,446


	 


	 


	 


	671,803


	 




	 


	 


	$


	1,863,449


	 


	 


	$


	2,637,060


	 





	 




	 

	12






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	The DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (“DBS”)
	provides a credit facility for borrowings up to HK$14,000,000 (approximately $1,804,000) for up to 120 days generally with interest
	at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time to time for
	foreign currency bills on the outstanding amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by DBS.


	 


	The credit facility with the Industrial and
	Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited (“ICBC”) provides for borrowings up to HK$6,400,000 (approximately $825,000),
	which bears interest at a rate of 2% per annum below the ICBC’s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by
	the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (“HKMC”), and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, directors of the
	Company.


	 


	The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial
	Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$ 6,500,000 (approximately $837,000), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per
	annum over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities
	and is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. Since June 2016, the Company terminated the credit facility
	with Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited and released the restricted cash deposit accordingly.


	 


	The financing arrangement with Tai Wah Timber
	Factory Limited provides for borrowings for trade payable financing with maturities of 2 to 3 months. The Company is charged a
	commission fee of 5% on each amount drawn from the line, payable monthly and an interest of 12% per annum, payable monthly. Additional
	interest is charged on any overdue balance.


	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company had
	aggregate secured banking facilities of $2,629,344 in which $1,567,221 is unused.


	 





	NOTE

	–

	8
	          INCOME TAXES




	 



	For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and
	2015, the local (United States) and foreign components of (loss) income before income taxes were comprised of the following:


	 




	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Tax Jurisdictions from:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	-Local


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	-Foreign


	 


	 


	(60,786


	)


	 


	 


	1,352


	 




	 (Loss) income before income taxes


	 


	$


	(60,786


	)


	 


	$


	1,352


	 





	 


	Provision for income taxes consisted of the
	following:


	 




	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016






	2015


	 




	Current:


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 




	-     Local


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	-     Foreign


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	-     Local


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	-     Foreign


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 




	 

	13






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	The effective tax rate in the years presented
	is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. The Company
	and its subsidiaries are mainly operated in the United States of America, BVI and Hong Kong that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions
	in which they operate, as follows:


	 




	United States of America




	 


	GDWP is registered in the State of Florida
	and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	incurred no operation in the United States of America. GDWP is delinquent in filing its United States corporation income tax returns
	for the periods from inception in 2007. The Company does not expect any tax to be due upon filing of these delinquent returns.


	 




	British Virgin Island




	 


	Under the current BVI law, GDI is not subject
	to tax on income or profit. For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, GDI incurred no operation in the BVI.


	 




	Hong Kong




	 


	The Company’s major operating subsidiary
	is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of 16.5% on its assessable income.


	 


	The reconciliation of income tax rate to the
	effective income tax rate based on income (loss) before income taxes from foreign operation for the three months ended June 30,
	2016 and 2015 are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Loss) income before income taxes


	 


	$


	(60,786


	)


	 


	$


	1,352


	 




	Statutory income tax rate


	 


	 


	16.5


	%


	 


	 


	16.5


	%




	Income tax at Hong Kong statutory income tax rate


	 


	 


	(10,030


	)


	 


	 


	223


	 




	Tax loss (utilized) not recognized as deferred tax assets


	 


	 


	10,030


	 


	 


	 


	(223


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax
	effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
	amounts used for income tax purposes. There was no significant temporary difference as of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, therefore
	no deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recognized.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	9
	          STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY



	 


	a.           Preferred
	Stock - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock


	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the Company had a total
	of 2,000,000 shares of its preferred stock issued and outstanding.


	 


	b.           Common
	Stock


	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the Company had a total
	of 23,725,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.


	 




	 

	14






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)




	 




	NOTE

	–

	10
	          SEGMENT INFORMATION



	 


	The Company considers its business activities
	to constitute one single reportable segment. The Company’s chief operating decision makers use consolidated results to make
	operating and strategic decisions. The geographic distribution analysis of the Company’s revenues by region is as follows:


	 




	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Revenue, net:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	-     The PRC (including
	Hong Kong)


	 


	$


	179,825


	 


	 


	$


	1,220,062


	 




	-     Middle East


	 


	 


	1,440


	 


	 


	 


	40,447


	 




	-     India


	 


	 


	294,830


	 


	 


	 


	439,586


	 




	-     Europe


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	24,650


	 




	-     Other


	 


	 


	18,205


	 


	 


	 


	244,397


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	494,300


	 


	 


	$


	1,969,142


	 




	 


	All of the Company’s long-lived assets
	are located in Hong Kong.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	11
	          CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK



	 


	The Company is exposed to the following concentrations of risk:


	 


	(a)          Major
	customer


	 


	For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the customer
	who accounts for 10% or more of the Company's revenues and its outstanding accounts receivable at period-end date, are presented
	as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	Revenue


	 


	 


	Percentage

	of revenue


	 


	 


	Accounts

	receivable, net


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Customer A


	 


	$


	77,662


	 


	 


	 


	16


	%


	 


	$


	78,073


	 




	Customer B (Vendor A)


	 


	 


	179,825


	 


	 


	 


	36


	%


	 


	 


	1,848,564


	 




	Customer C


	 


	 


	114,388


	 


	 


	 


	23


	%


	 


	 


	155,689


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	371,875


	 


	 


	 


	75


	%


	 


	$


	2,082,326


	 




	 




	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30, 2015


	 


	 


	June 30, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	Revenue


	 


	 


	Percentage

	of revenue


	 


	 


	Accounts

	receivable, net


	 




	Customer B (Vendor A)


	 


	$


	563,781


	 


	 


	 


	28


	%


	 


	 


	3,132,593


	 





	 




	 

	15






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	(b)          Major
	vendor


	 


	For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the vendor who
	accounts for 10% or more of the Company's purchases and its outstanding accounts payable at period-end date, are presented as
	follows:


	 






	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	Purchase


	 


	 


	Percentage

	of purchase


	 


	 


	Accounts

	payable


	 




	Vendor A (Customer B)


	 


	$


	210,304


	 


	 


	 


	51


	%


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Vendor G


	 


	 


	183,337


	 


	 


	 


	44


	%


	 


	 


	415,966


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	393,641


	 


	 


	 


	95


	%


	 


	 


	415,966


	 




	 




	 


	 


	Three months ended June 30, 2015


	 


	 


	June 30, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	Purchase


	 


	 


	Percentage

	of purchase


	 


	 


	Accounts

	payable


	 




	Vendor A (Customer B)


	 


	$


	428,065


	 


	 


	 


	27


	%


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Vendor B


	 


	 


	320,529


	 


	 


	 


	20


	%


	 


	 


	51,946


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	748,594


	 


	 


	 


	47


	%


	 


	$


	51,946


	 





	 


	(c)          Credit
	risk


	 


	Financial instruments that potentially subject
	the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. The Company
	performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition, but does not require collateral to support such receivables.


	 


	(d)          Interest
	rate risk


	 


	As the Company has no significant interest-bearing
	assets, the Company’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates.


	 


	The Company’s interest-rate risk arises
	from short-term borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Company to cash flow interest rate risk. The Company
	manages interest rate risk by varying the issuance and maturity dates variable rate debt, limiting the amount of variable rate
	debt, and continually monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. As of June 30, 2016, all of borrowings were
	at variable rates. The interest rates and terms of repayment of the borrowings are disclosed in Note 7.


	 


	(e)          Exchange
	rate risk


	 


	The Company cannot guarantee that the current
	exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two
	comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate
	of HK$ converted to US$ on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments
	without notice.


	 



	NOTE

	–

	12
	          COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES



	 


	(a)          Operating
	lease commitments


	 


	The Company’s subsidiary in Hong Kong
	is committed under several non-cancelable operating leases with fixed monthly rentals, due through February 2017. Total rent expenses
	for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $49,470 and $34,885, respectively.


	 




	 

	16






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the Company has future
	minimum rental payments of $43,336 under various non-cancelable operating leases in the next twelve months.


	 


	(b)          Legal
	proceedings


	 


	(i) On February 12, 2009, a claim was filed
	by Chi Yim Yip, Roger (“Mr. Yip”) and Characters Capital Group Limited (“CCGL”) against Mr. Kwok Leung
	Lee (“Mr. Lee”), a director of the Company, and GDWPCL alleging (i) breach of contract by GDWP concerning the engagement
	of CCGL to assist GDWPCL in securing GDWP’s listing on the OTC Bulletin Board and (ii) defamation by Mr. Lee related to
	the contract dispute. Damages being sought include $31,287 in liquidated damages from GDWPCL, aggravated/exemplary damages and
	injunction from further defamation. The claim was filed with the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Court
	of First Instance.


	 


	On April 9, 2009, Mr. Lee and GDWPCL filed
	a Defense and Counterclaim. GDWPCL asserted a breach of contract claim against CCGL, alleging that CCGL failed to fulfill its
	obligations pursuant to the CCGL agreement to effect the listing of GDWP through a reverse merger by the use of a company that
	was listed on the Pink Sheets. Mr. Lee additionally asserted a breach of contract claim against Mr. Yip for the Stock Purchase
	Agreement dated March 31, 2007, for failing to deliver a shell company, Tabatha V, Inc., that was listed on the Pink Sheets, which,
	pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, was to be purchased by Mr. Lee. Both Mr. Lee and GDWPCL also claimed damages for fraudulent
	misrepresentation related to the failure to deliver the Pink Sheet shell company. On May 22, 2009, Mr. Yip and CCGL replied to
	the counterclaim.


	 


	On January 26, 2011, the High Court of the
	Hong Kong Special Administrative Region granted leave to Mr. Yip and CCGL to set the case down for a 7-day trial. The trial occurred
	in October 2013.


	 


	On June 30, 2015, the High Court of the Hong
	Kong Special Administrative Region dismissed the claim of Mr. Yip and CCGL and allowed Mr. Lee and GDWPCL’s counterclaim
	by granting an award of $350,000 with interest and legal costs.


	 


	(ii) On March 17, 2014, Paul Stamper (“Plaintiff”)
	filed a complaint (the “Complaint”) against, among other parties, GDWPCL, in the Hendricks Superior Court located
	in Hendricks County in the State of Indiana, Case No. 32D05-1403-MI-70, seeking, among other things, enforcement of a judgment
	entered into against all defendants on December 8, 2011 in Wabash County Circuit Court, Case No. 85C01-1112-MI-1013, in the aggregate
	principal amount of $42,697 plus interest and costs (the “Judgment”). The Company, its officers and directors deny
	the material allegations of the Complaint since the Company does not conduct business in the State of Indiana and intend to vigorously
	defend itself in this action.


	 


	On January 26, 2016, Plaintiff and Ka L. Lee
	entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the “Settlement Agreement”) to resolve certain disputes between
	the parties which are the subject of the Indiana Case. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Plaintiff agreed to authorize its
	counsel to file a stipulation dismissing the Complaint and Judgment with Prejudice and both parties agreed to mutually release
	and discharge each other of and from any and all actions, claims and demands whatsoever arising out of or in any way related to
	the Complaint and Judgment


	 


	As of June 30, 2016, in the opinion of Company’s
	management, the resolution of this matter will not have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements in the foreseeable
	future.


	 


	Other than as disclosed above, we know of
	no material, active, pending or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved
	as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation.


	 




	 

	17






	 




	 



	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS,
	INC.




	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS




	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016




	(Currency expressed in United States Dollars
	(“US$”), except for number of shares)




	(Unaudited)



	 


	(c)          Contractual
	commitment


	 


	The Company is committed to a series of 20
	foreign exchange contracts with DBS bank to hedge the fluctuation between USD and RMB for a term of period from September 2015
	to April 2017, monthly expiry. As of June 30, 2016, 10 contracts were fully executed and the remaining 10 contracts are outstanding.
	The Company expects no material contingent loss from these committed contracts in the next twelve months.


	 





	NOTE

	–

	13
	          SUBSEQUENT EVENTS



	 


	The Company evaluated subsequent events through
	the date the financial statements were issued and filed with this Form 10-Q. There were no subsequent events that required recognition
	or disclosure.


	 




	 

	18









	 




	 







	ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
	OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.



	 



	Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements



	 


	We make certain forward-looking statements
	in this report. Statements concerning our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance
	(including growth and earnings), demand for our services, and other statements of our plans, beliefs, or expectations, including
	the statements contained under the captions “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
	of Operations,” “Business,” as well as captions elsewhere in this document, are forward-looking statements.
	In some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,”
	“estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “target,”
	“can”, “could,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and
	similar expressions. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various
	assumptions, risks, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking
	statements. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed
	or implied by the forward-looking statements. Indeed, it is likely that some of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect. Our
	actual results and financial position will vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements and the variances
	may be material. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties,
	together with the other risks described from time to time in reports and documents that we file with the SEC should be considered
	in evaluating forward-looking statements.


	 


	The nature of our business makes predicting
	the future trends of our revenue, expenses, and net income difficult. Thus, our ability to predict results or the actual effect
	of our future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. The risks and uncertainties involved in our business could affect the
	matters referred to in any forward-looking statements and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from the
	anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
	from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the following:


	 





	·




	the effect of political, economic, and market conditions and geopolitical events;






	·




	legislative and regulatory changes that affect our business;






	·




	the availability of funds and working capital;






	·




	the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;






	·




	investor sentiment; and






	·




	our reputation.





	  


	We do not undertake any responsibility to
	publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after
	the date of this report, except as required by law.


	 


	The following discussion and analysis should
	be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto as filed with the SEC
	and other financial information contained elsewhere in this report.


	 


	Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
	references in this Form 10-Q to “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Registrant”, “Green
	Dragon”, “our Company,” or “the Company” are to Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation
	and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to (i) “BVI” are to British
	Virgin Islands; (ii) “PRC” and “China” are to the People’s Republic of China; (iii) “U.S.
	dollar,” “$” and “US$” are to United States dollars; (iv) “RMB” are to Yuan Renminbi
	of China; (v) “Securities Act” are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and (vi) “Exchange Act”
	are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


	 



	OVERVIEW



	 


	The Company was incorporated under the laws
	of the State of Florida on September 26, 2007.


	 


	On September 26, 2007, GDWP entered into a
	share exchange transaction with the equity owners of Green Dragon Industrial Inc. (“GDI”) (formerly Fit Sum Group
	Limited). Pursuant to the share exchange transaction, GDI’s equity owners transferred 100% of the equity interest in GDI
	in exchange for 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Upon completion of the share exchange, GDI became a wholly-owned
	subsidiary of the Company, and GDWPCL, through GDI, became an indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiary of the Company.


	 




	 

	19






	 




	 


	GDWPCL was incorporated as a limited liability
	company in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC” or “China”)
	on March 14, 2000. The principal activity of GDWPCL is trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneers and other wood products
	in Hong Kong.


	 


	GDI was incorporated as a limited liability
	company in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) on May 30, 2007, for the purpose of holding 100% equity interest in
	GDWPCL. On May 30, 2007, GDI entered into an exchange agreement with the equity owners of GDWPCL, whereby GDI transferred 37,500
	shares of its common stock to the shareholders of GDWPCL in exchange for 5,000,000 ordinary shares of GDWPCL. Upon the completion
	of the share exchange, GDWPCL became a wholly-owned subsidiary of GDI.


	 


	The following diagram sets forth the current
	corporate structure of Green Dragon:


	 


	 
Click to enlarge


	 


	The Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly
	engages in the re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong.


	 


	Neither GDWP nor GDI has any operations or
	plans to have any operations in the future other than acting as a holding company and management company for GDWPCL and raising
	capital for its operations. However, we reserve the right to change our operating plans regarding GDWP and GDI.


	 


	Our executive offices are located at Unit
	312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Our telephone number is (011) 852-2482-5168. 


	 



	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates



	 


	Our condensed consolidated financial statements
	and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United
	States ("US GAAP"). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of
	accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses amounts reported. These estimates
	can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies,
	risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently
	and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to
	be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or
	conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of condensed consolidated our financial statements.


	 


	We believe the following is among the most
	critical accounting policies that impact our condensed consolidated financial statements. We suggest that our significant accounting
	policies, as described in our condensed consolidated financial statements in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, be
	read in conjunction with this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



	 





	 

	20






	 





	 




	Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
	accounts



	 


	Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
	amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 60 to 180 days from shipment. The Company
	extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business, based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition,
	the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment
	terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 180 days and those over a specified amount are reviewed individually for
	collectability. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection
	trends and aging of receivables. Management also periodically evaluates individual customer’s financial condition, credit
	history, and the current economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances
	are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered
	remote.


	 


	The credit terms of our two major customers
	are summarized as below:


	 








	Major
	Customers




	 




	Contractual Credit





	Term




	 




	Repayment Term #






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Customer A



	 



	60 to 90 days



	 



	Accounts receivable are repaid on a regular basis to the Company
	and the cash receipt is made to Customer B upon the instruction of the Company.





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Customer B (also a major supplier)



	 



	90 to 180 days



	 



	Customer B receives the cash settlement from Customer A and
	the aggregate receivable will offset against its trade payable.






	 


	In March 2010, the Company entered into a
	tri-parties settlement arrangement among Customer A and Customer B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed to transfer its
	accounts receivable balance to Customer B and Customer B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer A, on
	behalf of the Company, to offset against its trade payable due to the Company.


	 



	Accounting Standard Codification ("ASC")
	Topic 605



	 


	We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC
	Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition” when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales
	price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.


	 


	The majority of the Company's revenue results
	from sales contracts with direct customers and revenues are generated upon the shipment of goods. The Company's pricing structure
	is fixed and there are no rebate or discount programs. Management conducts credit background checks for new customers as a means
	to reduce the subjectivity of assuring collectability. Based on these factors, the Company believes that it can apply the provisions
	of ASC Topic 605 with minimal subjectivity.


	 




	Recent Accounting Pronouncements




	 


	The Company has reviewed all recently issued,
	but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected
	to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.



	 




	Results of Operations



	 




	Comparison of the Three Months Ended
	June 30, 2016 and 2015




	 


	The following table summarizes the results
	of our operations during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage
	increase or (decrease) from the three months ended June 30, 2016 to the three months ended June 30, 2015.


	 




	 

	21






	 




	 






	 


	 


	Three Months Ended


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	June 30,


	 


	 


	Increase/


	 


	 


	Increase/


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	(Decrease)


	 


	 


	(Decrease)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue, net


	 


	$


	494,300


	 


	 


	$


	1,969,142


	 


	 


	$


	(1,474,842


	)


	 


	 


	(75


	)%




	Cost of Revenue


	 


	 


	(425,739


	)


	 


	 


	(1,683,167


	)


	 


	 


	(1,257,428


	)


	 


	 


	(75


	)%




	Gross Profit


	 


	 


	68,561


	 


	 


	 


	285,975


	 


	 


	 


	(217,414


	)


	 


	 


	(76


	)%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	General and Administrative Expenses


	 


	 


	124,296


	 


	 


	 


	213,752


	 


	 


	 


	(89,456


	)


	 


	 


	(42


	)%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	124,296


	 


	 


	 


	213,752


	 


	 


	 


	(89,456


	)


	 


	 


	(42


	)%




	Income / (Loss) from Operations


	 


	 


	(55,735


	)


	 


	 


	72,223


	 


	 


	 


	(127,958


	)


	 


	 


	(177


	)%




	Other Income / (Expense)


	 


	 


	(5,051


	)


	 


	 


	(70,871


	)


	 


	 


	(65,820


	)


	 


	 


	(93


	)%




	Income / (Loss)  before Income Tax


	 


	 


	(60,786


	)


	 


	 


	1,352


	 


	 


	 


	(62,138


	)


	 


	 


	(460


	)%




	Income Tax Expense


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net  Income / (Loss)


	 


	$


	(60,786


	)


	 


	$


	1,352


	 


	 


	$


	(62,138


	)


	 


	 


	(460


	)%





	 



	Revenue




	 



	Revenue for the three
	months ended June 30, 2016 was $494,300, a decrease of $1,474,842 or 75% from $1,969,142 for the comparable period in 2015. The
	decrease in revenue is primarily attributed to the cooling measures implemented in the People’s Republic of China to fix
	China’s overheated real estate market. This slowing of the real estate market has resulted in less demand for our products
	as most of our clients are in the interior decorating and furniture business. Additionally, our traditional markets in Europe
	and the Middle East have also suffered a dramatic drop as their economies continue to flounder as a result of political instability,
	a refugee crisis and a weak market for oil  .


	 



	Cost of revenue and gross profit




	 



	Cost of revenue for the three months ended
	June 30, 2016 was $425,739, a decrease of $1,257,428 or 75% from $1,683,167 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease was
	primarily attributable to and in tandem with a decrease in sales.



	 



	Gross profit for the three months ended June
	30, 2016 was $68,561, a decrease of $217,414 or 76% from $285,975 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease was primarily
	attributable to decrease in sales.



	 




	General and Administrative




	 



	General and administrative expenses mainly
	consist of payroll, rental expenses, professional fee, bank charges and exchange gain or loss on foreign currency.


	 


	General and administrative expenses for the
	three months ended June 30, 2016 was $124,296, a decrease of $89,456 or 42% from $213,752 for the comparable period in 2015.
	The decrease was primarily attributable to a gain on the exchange difference in the EURO.



	 




	Other Income/(Expense)



	 


	Other expenses (after netting off other income)
	for the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $5,051, a decrease of $65,820 or 93% from other expense of $70,871 for the comparable
	period in 2015. The decrease in other expenses was due to decrease in sales.


	 



	Income / (Loss) before income tax




	 



	Loss before income tax for the three months
	ended June 30, 2016 was $60,786, an increase in losses of $62,138 or 46 times compared to income of $1,352 for the comparable
	year in 2015. The increase was due to the decrease in gross profit and decrease in other income.


	 



	Net loss




	 



	Net loss for the three months ended June 30,
	2016 was $60,786, an increase in loss of $62,138 or 46 times from income of $1,352 for the comparable period in 2015. The increase
	was due to the decrease in gross profit and decrease in other income.


	 




	 

	22






	 




	 



	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 



	Cash and Cash Equivalents



	 


	Our cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning
	of the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $41,438 and decreased to $520 at the end of the period, a decrease of $40,918. The
	decrease was primarily attributable to the repayment of our short-term borrowings.


	 



	Net cash provided by operating activities




	 



	Net cash provided by operating activities
	for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $233,336, a decrease of $635,414 or 73% from net cash provided by operating activities
	of $868,750 for the comparable period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to there being cash outflows $465,450
	for accounts receivable for this period when compared to a net cash inflows of $515,839 of receivable in 2015.


	 



	Net cash used in investing activities




	 



	Net cash used in investing activities was
	$0 and $1,374 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease of $1,374 in net cash used in
	investing activities was mainly attributable to no purchase of office equipment.


	 



	Net cash used in financing activities




	 



	Net cash used in financing activities for
	the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $273,997 a decrease of $683,238 or 71%, from net cash used by financing activities of
	$957,235 for the comparable period in 2015.  The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable
	to an increase advance from a director.


	 



	Non-cash transaction



	 


	In March 2010, the Company entered into a
	tri-parties settlement arrangement among two major customers, Customer A and Party B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed
	to transfer its accounts receivable balance to Party B and Party B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer
	A, on behalf of the Company, to offset against its trade payable due to the Company.


	 


	Pursuant to the terms of the Tri-parties Settlement
	Arrangement among Customer A, Party B and us;


	 





	1.




	Customer A agrees to make cash payments directly to the designated bank accounts of Party
	B, per our monthly instruction;






	2.




	We and Party B agree to offset the cash proceeds against the accounts payable which we owe
	to Party B, and;






	3.




	In any event if Party B is not reimbursed by Customer A, we are responsible to chase Customer
	A for the settlement under obligation among the sales contracts.  Meanwhile, we are legally liable to repay the
	accounts payable to Party B under the purchase contract.





	 


	Under this arrangement, we can assure the
	collection from Customer A to meet with the purchase payable due to Party B on a timely basis. We also can reduce the time and
	costs to handle the fund remittance among Customer A, Party B and ourselves. As we continue to make the purchase orders to Party
	B, the accounts receivable originally due from Customer A will be gradually eliminated and offset by our future accounts payable
	due to Party B.


	 


	We have developed a prolonged business relationship
	with Party “B” in the sale and related products over10 years. In the normal course of business, Party B is acting
	as a “customer” or a “vendor”, who generally sells and buys different types of wood products to and from
	us on an arm-length basis. These sale and purchases transactions are independent.


	  


	We expect to sustain and continue this prolonged
	business relationship with Party B, because;


	 





	1.




	Party B has a long-term commercial history and experience in sale and procurement of wood
	products in China;






	2.




	Party B has developed an extensive marketing and sourcing network in China, and;






	3.




	We have built up a prolonged trust and confidence in doing business with each other.





	 




	 

	23






	 




	 


	We believe that there is no collectability
	concern with regard to the accounts receivable balance due from Party B, which will be recoverable by our future purchase orders.


	 


	As of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, there
	was no accounts receivable balance transferred from Customer A to Party B. As of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the aging analysis
	of Party B is as follow:


	 






	 


	 


	As of


	 




	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	0-90 days


	 


	$


	978,289


	 


	 


	$


	798,842


	 




	91-180 days


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	125,570


	 




	181-270 days


	 


	 


	125,504


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	271-360 days


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Over 360 days


	 


	 


	2,744,771


	 


	 


	 


	2,956,685


	 




	 


	 


	 


	3,848,567


	 


	 


	 


	3,881,097


	 




	Less: allowance for doubtful accounts


	 


	 


	(2,000,000


	)


	 


	 


	(2,000,000


	)




	Total


	 


	$


	1,848,564


	 


	 


	$


	1,881,097


	 





	 



	Trends



	 


	We are not aware of any trends, events or
	uncertainties that have or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our short-term or long-term liquidity.



	 




	Inflation



	 


	We believe that inflation has not had a material
	or significant impact on our revenue or our results of operations.



	 




	Working Capital



	 


	Our working capital was $192,983 and
	$254,493 on June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively.


	 


	We currently generate our cash flow through
	our operations. We believe that our cash flow generated from operations will be sufficient to sustain operations for at least
	the next 12 months  . There is no identifiable expansion plan as of June 30, 2016, but from time to time, we may identify
	new business opportunities to improve the profitability and working capital from operations.


	 



	Capital Resources



	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the Company has a revolving
	line of credit with DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited with an outstanding balance of $515,392, a revolving line of credit with Industrial
	and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited with an outstanding balance of $546,731, a short term bank borrowing with Shanghai
	Commercial Bank with an outstanding balance of $129,880, and a trade financing payable to Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited in an
	aggregate of $874,484. We will require additional fund if we were to expand our business.


	 


	The DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (“DBS”)
	provides a credit facility for borrowings up to HK$14,000,000 (approximately $1,806,000) for up to 120 days generally with interest
	at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time to time for
	foreign currency bills on the outstanding amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by DBS.


	 


	The credit facility with the Industrial and
	Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited (“ICBC”) provides for borrowings up to HK$6,400,000 (approximately $825,000),
	which bears interest at a rate of 2% per annum below the ICBC’s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by
	the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (“HKMC”), and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, directors of the
	Company.


	 


	The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial
	Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$6,500,000 (approximately $838,500), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per
	annum over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities
	and is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. Since June 2016, the Company terminated the credit facility
	with Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited in June 2016 and released the restricted cash deposit accordingly.


	 




	 

	24






	 




	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company had
	aggregate secured banking facilities of $2,629,344 in which $1,567,221 is unused.


	 



	Financing Arrangement



	 


	The financing arrangement with Tai Wah Timber
	Factory Limited provides for borrowings with interest rate at 12% per annum, and the interest is required to pay monthly.


	 


	As of June, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the outstanding
	balance was $671,446 and $671,803, respectively.


	 


	While the capital resources of the Company
	are stable from a cash perspective, the credit of the Company for debt financing if necessary is extremely strong due to our strong
	banking relations and the credit facilities provided for our veneer products. From time to time we do have a need to exercise
	our credit options on a short term basis due to the nature of our business as importers/exporters. The Company has established
	lines of credit with banks and management maintains very strong relations with these banks. Management believes that its
	current lines of credit are more than sufficient to cover any short and long term liquidity needs. Our historical financial liquidity
	needs have been shown to be more than adequately covered by our credit facilities.  We believe that the strength of our management
	team to maintain strict internal control of its cash flow and liquidity that the current credit facilities are adequate for our
	needs.


	 


	Our accounts receivable balance as of
	June 30, 2016 is $2,887,991. Our accounts receivable are not considered by management to be high due to the nature of payment
	for our products.  Our clients are required to provide credit facilities for their product by a Letter of Credit or
	other negotiable method of payment for the amount owed.  We draw from the Letter of Credit prior to delivery only in the
	event that it is needed to maintain sufficient cash flow to cover our operations.  We pay the cost of drawing on any
	Letter of Credit.  Because our cash flow is typically sufficient to cover our operations we do not carry accounts
	receivable unless prior arrangements have been made.  It is company policy to recognize revenue when the product is
	shipped to our customers.


	  


	In the event we are unable to generate sufficient
	funds to continue our business efforts or if the Company is pursued by a larger company for a business combination, we will analyze
	all strategies to continue the company and increase shareholder value.  Only under these circumstances would we consider
	a merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, a roll-up, or other business combination to increase business and potentially
	increase the shareholder value of the Company.  Management believes its responsibility to increase shareholder value is of
	paramount importance, which means the Company should consider the aforementioned alternatives in the event funding is not available
	on favorable terms to the Company when and if needed.



	 







	ITEM 3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
	ABOUT MARKET RISK.



	 


	Not Applicable.



	 







	ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.



	 



	EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



	 


	As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), our management carried out an evaluation, with the participation
	of our Chief Executive Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
	defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act), as of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are
	defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
	filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
	in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its
	principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
	Based upon their evaluation, our management (including our Chief Executive Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and
	procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2016 based on the material weaknesses defined below.


	 




	 



	●




	The Company did not implement proper segregation of duties due to the
	Company’s small size and only one executive officer. In certain instances, persons responsible to review transactions
	for validity, completeness and accuracy were also responsible for their preparation. 





	 




	 

	25






	 




	 




	 



	●




	Due to the Company’s limited resources, the Company does not have
	accounting personnel with extensive experience in maintaining books and records and preparing financial statements in accordance
	with US GAAP which could lead to untimely identification and resolution of accounting matters inherent in the Company’s
	financial transactions in accordance with US GAAP. Additionally, the Company does not have a formal audit committee, and the
	Board does not have a financial expert, thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the financial reporting process.






	 




	MANAGEMENT’S REMEDIATION PLAN



	 


	While management believes that the Company’s
	condensed consolidated financial statements previously filed in the Company’s SEC reports have been properly recorded and
	disclosed in accordance with US  GAAP, based on the control deficiencies identified above, we have designed and plan
	to implement, or in some cases have already implemented, the specific remediation initiatives described below:


	 




	 



	·




	The Company is currently looking for an outside consultant with considerable public
	company reporting experience and breadth of knowledge of US GAAP to assist it with the preparation and review of its condensed
	consolidated financial statements.  The Company is committed to establishing procedures and utilizing experienced
	individuals with professional supervision to properly segregate duties, prepare and approve the condensed consolidated financial
	statements and footnote disclosures in accordance with US GAAP. 





	 


	 


	 




	 



	·




	The Board of Directors will be more actively involved in providing additional oversight
	of the Company’s internal controls, formal review of our condensed consolidated financial statements, and more
	detailed review of the periodic reports we anticipate filing with the SEC. 





	 


	 


	 




	 



	·




	The Company has initiated efforts to ensure our employees understand the importance of internal
	controls and compliance with corporate policies and procedures. 





	 


	 


	 




	 



	·




	The Company may retain third party specialists to assist it in the design, implementation
	and testing of our internal controls as necessary.






	 




	CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING



	 


	No changes  in the Company's internal control over financial
	reporting have come to management's attention during the Company's fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
	or are likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.




	 







	PART II – OTHER INFORMATION\



	 







	ITEM 1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.



	 


	On February 12, 2009, a claim was filed by
	Chi Yim Yip, Roger (“Mr. Yip”) and Characters Capital Group Limited (“CCGL”) against Mr. Kwok Leung Lee
	(“Mr. Lee”), a director of the Company, and GDWPCL alleging (i) breach of contract by GDWP concerning the engagement
	of CCGL to assist GDWPCL in securing GDWP’s listing on the OTC Bulletin Board and (ii) defamation by Mr. Lee related to
	the contract dispute. Damages being sought include $31,287 in liquidated damages from GDWPCL, aggravated/exemplary damages and
	injunction from further defamation. The claim was filed with the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Court
	of First Instance.


	 


	On April 9, 2009, Mr. Lee and GDWPCL filed
	a Defense and Counterclaim. GDWPCL asserted a breach of contract claim against CCGL, alleging that CCGL failed to fulfill its
	obligations pursuant to the CCGL agreement to effect the listing of GDWP through a reverse merger by the use of a company that
	was listed on the Pink Sheets. Mr. Lee additionally asserted a breach of contract claim against Mr. Yip for the Stock Purchase
	Agreement dated March 31, 2007, for failing to deliver a shell company, Tabatha V, Inc., that was listed on the Pink Sheets, which,
	pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, was to be purchased by Mr. Lee. Both Mr. Lee and GDWPCL also claimed damages for fraudulent
	misrepresentation related to the failure to deliver the Pink Sheet shell company. On May 22, 2009, Mr. Yip and CCGL replied to
	the counterclaim.


	 




	 

	26






	 




	 


	On January 26, 2011, the High Court of the
	Hong Kong Special Administrative Region granted leave to Mr. Yip and CCGL to set the case down for a 7-day trial. The trial occurred
	in October 2013 and the parties are waiting for the judgment of the court.


	 


	On June 30, 2015, the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
	Region dismissed the claim of Mr. Yip and CCGL and allowed Mr. Lee and GDWPCL’s counterclaim with an award of US$350,000
	with interest and legal costs.


	 


	On March 17, 2014, Paul Stamper (“Plaintiff”)
	filed a complaint (the “Complaint”) against, among other parties, GDWPCL, in the Hendricks Superior Court located
	in Hendricks County in the State of Indiana, Case No. 32D05-1403-MI-70, seeking, among other things, enforcement of a judgment
	entered into against all defendants on December 8, 2011 in Wabash County Circuit Court, Case No. 85C01-1112-MI-1013, in the aggregate
	principal amount of $42,697 plus interest and costs  (the “Judgment”).   The Company, its officers
	and directors deny the material allegations of the Complaint since the Company does not conduct business in the State of Indiana
	and intend to vigorously defend itself in this action.  


	 


	On January 26, 2016, Plaintiff and Ka L. Lee
	entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the “Settlement Agreement”) to resolve certain disputes between
	the parties which are the subject of the Indiana Case. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Plaintiff agreed to authorize its
	counsel to file a stipulation dismissing the Complaint and Judgment with Prejudice and both parties agreed to mutually release
	and discharge each other of and from any and all actions, claims and demands whatsoever arising out of or in any way related to
	the Complaint and Judgment.


	 


	As of June 30, 2016, in the opinion of Company’s
	management, the resolution of this matter will not have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements in the foreseeable
	future.


	 


	Other than as disclosed above, we know of
	no material, active, pending or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved
	as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation.



	 







	ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS.



	 


	Not Applicable.



	 







	ITEM 2.   UNREGISTERED SALES
	OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.




	 



	None.



	 







	ITEM 3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
	SECURITIES.




	 



	None.



	 







	ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY
	DISCLOSURES.




	 



	None.



	 







	ITEM 5.   OTHER INFORMATION.



	 


	None.


	 




	 

	27







	 




	 







	ITEM 6.   EXHIBITS.



	 








	EXHIBIT





	NO.




	 




	DESCRIPTION






	 


	 


	 





	31.1



	 



	Certificate of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act.





	 


	 


	 





	32.1



	 



	Certificate of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act.





	 


	 


	 





	101.INS



	 



	XBRL Instance Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.SCH



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.CAL



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.DEF



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.LAB



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.PRE



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document






	 




	 

	28








	 





	 








	SIGNATURES



	 


	In accordance with the requirements of the
	Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.






	 


	 





	Dated:  January 27, 2017




	/s/Kwok Leung Lee  





	 



	Kwok Leung Lee





	 



	President





	 



	(principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer)





	 




	 

	29






	 


	 











	 




	Exhibit 31.1



	 





	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER




	AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE




	SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



	 


	I, Kwok Leung Lee, certify that:


	 


	1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
	of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.;


	 


	2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
	untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
	under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


	 


	3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
	financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
	and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


	 


	4. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and
	I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
	and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
	registrant and have:


	 


	a)        designed such disclosure controls and
	procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
	information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
	entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b)        designed such internal control over financial
	reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
	assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
	accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c)        evaluated the effectiveness of the
	registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
	the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;


	 


	d)        disclosed in this report any change
	in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal
	quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
	likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting;


	 


	5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and
	I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s
	auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


	 


	a)       all significant deficiencies and material
	weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
	the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	b)       any fraud, whether or not material, that
	involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.


	 





	Date: January 27, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Kwok Leung Lee





	 


	 



	Kwok Leung Lee





	 


	 



	President (Principal Executive and Financial Officer)







	 





	 





	 











	 



	Exhibit 32.1



	 





	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO




	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
	2002



	 


	In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Dragon Wood Products,
	Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 (the “Report”) as filed with the
	Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), Kwok Leung Lee, president of the Company, certifies,
	pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:


	 





	(1)




	The Report fully complies with the requirements
	of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and





	 





	(2)




	The information contained in the Report
	fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of


	operations of the Company.





	 





	Date: January 27, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Kwok Leung Lee





	 


	 



	Kwok Leung Lee





	 


	 



	President (Principal Executive and Financial Officer)





	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section
	906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
	electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
	to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



	 




	 




	 











10-Q: GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
                                





 
5:58 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
                                





 
5:54 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Jan 27, 2017 5:29 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  We make certain forward-looking statements in this report. Statements concerning our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance (including growth and earnings), demand for our services, and other statements of our plans, beliefs, or expectations, including the statements contained under the captions "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Business," as well as captions elsewhere in this document, are forward-looking statements. In some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "target," "can", "could," "may," "should," "will," "would," and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various assumptions, risks, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Indeed, it is likely that some of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect. Our actual results and financial position will vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements and the variances may be material. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, together with the other risks described from time to time in reports and documents that we file with the SEC should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements.  The nature of our business makes predicting the future trends of our revenue, expenses, and net income difficult. Thus, our ability to predict results or the actual effect of our future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. The risks and uncertainties involved in our business could affect the matters referred to in any forward-looking statements and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the following:  � the effect of political, economic, and market conditions and geopolitical events;  We do not undertake any responsibility to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report, except as required by law.  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto as filed with the SEC and other financial information contained elsewhere in this report.  Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Form 10-Q to "we," "us," "our," "the Registrant", "Green Dragon", "our Company," or "the Company" are to Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to (i) "BVI" are to British Virgin Islands; (ii) "PRC" and "China" are to the People's Republic of China; (iii) "U.S. dollar," "$" and "US$" are to United States dollars; (iv) "RMB" are to Yuan Renminbi of China; (v) "Securities Act" are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and (vi) "Exchange Act" are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  OVERVIEW  The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on September 26, 2007.  On September 26, 2007, GDWP entered into a share exchange transaction with the equity owners of Green Dragon Industrial Inc. ("GDI") (formerly Fit Sum Group Limited). Pursuant to the share exchange transaction, GDI's equity owners transferred 100% of the equity interest in GDI in exchange for 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Upon completion of the share exchange, GDI became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and GDWPCL, through GDI, became an indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiary of the Company.  GDWPCL was incorporated as a limited liability company in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ("the PRC" or "China") on March 14, 2000. The principal activity of GDWPCL is trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneers and other wood products in Hong Kong.  GDI was incorporated as a limited liability company in the British Virgin Islands ("BVI") on May 30, 2007, for the purpose of holding 100% equity interest in GDWPCL. On May 30, 2007, GDI entered into an exchange agreement with the equity owners of GDWPCL, whereby GDI transferred 37,500 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of GDWPCL in exchange for 5,000,000 ordinary shares of GDWPCL. Upon the completion of the share exchange, GDWPCL became a wholly-owned subsidiary of GDI.  The following diagram sets forth the current corporate structure of Green Dragon:  [[Image Removed]]  The Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly engages in the re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong.  Neither GDWP nor GDI has any operations or plans to have any operations in the future other than acting as a holding company and management company for GDWPCL and raising capital for its operations. However, we reserve the right to change our operating plans regarding GDWP and GDI.  Our executive offices are located at Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Our telephone number is (011) 852-2482-5168.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Our condensed consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("US GAAP"). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of condensed consolidated our financial statements.  We believe the following is among the most critical accounting policies that impact our condensed consolidated financial statements. We suggest that our significant accounting policies, as described in our condensed consolidated financial statements in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, be read in conjunction with this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts  Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 60 to 180 days from shipment. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business, based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 180 days and those over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends and aging of receivables. Management also periodically evaluates individual customer's financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.  The credit terms of our two major customers are summarized as below:  Contractual Credit  Major Customers Term Repayment Term # Customer A 60 to 90 days Accounts receivable are repaid on a regular basis to the Company and the cash receipt is made to Customer B upon the instruction of the Company. Customer B (also a 90 to 180 days Customer B receives the cash settlement major supplier) from Customer A and the aggregate receivable will offset against its trade payable.  In March 2010, the Company entered into a tri-parties settlement arrangement among Customer A and Customer B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed to transfer its accounts receivable balance to Customer B and Customer B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer A, on behalf of the Company, to offset against its trade payable due to the Company.  Accounting Standard Codification ("ASC") Topic 605  We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 605, "Revenue Recognition" when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.  The majority of the Company's revenue results from sales contracts with direct customers and revenues are generated upon the shipment of goods. The Company's pricing structure is fixed and there are no rebate or discount programs. Management conducts credit background checks for new customers as a means to reduce the subjectivity of assuring collectability. Based on these factors, the Company believes that it can apply the provisions of ASC Topic 605 with minimal subjectivity.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.  Results of Operations  Comparison of the Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015  The following table summarizes the results of our operations during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) from the three months ended June 30, 2016 to the three months ended June 30, 2015.   Three Months Ended June 30, Increase/ Increase/ 2016 2015 (Decrease) (Decrease) Revenue, net $ 494,300 $ 1,969,142 $ (1,474,842 ) (75 )% Cost of Revenue (425,739 ) (1,683,167 ) (1,257,428 ) (75 )% Gross Profit 68,561 285,975 (217,414 ) (76 )% General and Administrative Expenses 124,296 213,752 (89,456 ) (42 )% Total Operating Expenses 124,296 213,752 (89,456 ) (42 )% Income / (Loss) from Operations (55,735 ) 72,223 (127,958 ) (177 )% Other Income / (Expense) (5,051 ) (70,871 ) (65,820 ) (93 )% Income / (Loss) before Income Tax (60,786 ) 1,352 (62,138 ) (460 )% Income Tax Expense - - Net Income / (Loss) $ (60,786 ) $ 1,352 $ (62,138 ) (460 )%  Revenue  Revenue for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $494,300, a decrease of $1,474,842 or 75% from $1,969,142 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease in revenue is primarily attributed to the cooling measures implemented in the People's Republic of China to fix China's overheated real estate market. This slowing of the real estate market has resulted in less demand for our products as most of our clients are in the interior decorating and furniture business. Additionally, our traditional markets in Europe and the Middle East have also suffered a dramatic drop as their economies continue to flounder as a result of political instability, a refugee crisis and a weak market for oil .  Cost of revenue and gross profit  Cost of revenue for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $425,739, a decrease of $1,257,428 or 75% from $1,683,167 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to and in tandem with a decrease in sales.  Gross profit for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $68,561, a decrease of $217,414 or 76% from $285,975 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to decrease in sales.  General and Administrative  General and administrative expenses mainly consist of payroll, rental expenses, professional fee, bank charges and exchange gain or loss on foreign currency.  General and administrative expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $124,296, a decrease of $89,456 or 42% from $213,752 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to a gain on the exchange difference in the EURO.  Other Income/(Expense)  Other expenses (after netting off other income) for the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $5,051, a decrease of $65,820 or 93% from other expense of $70,871 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease in other expenses was due to decrease in sales.  Income / (Loss) before income tax  Loss before income tax for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $60,786, an increase in losses of $62,138 or 46 times compared to income of $1,352 for the comparable year in 2015. The increase was due to the decrease in gross profit and decrease in other income.  Net loss  Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $60,786, an increase in loss of $62,138 or 46 times from income of $1,352 for the comparable period in 2015. The increase was due to the decrease in gross profit and decrease in other income.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Cash and Cash Equivalents  Our cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $41,438 and decreased to $520 at the end of the period, a decrease of $40,918. The decrease was primarily attributable to the repayment of our short-term borrowings.  Net cash provided by operating activities  Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $233,336, a decrease of $635,414 or 73% from net cash provided by operating activities of $868,750 for the comparable period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to there being cash outflows $465,450 for accounts receivable for this period when compared to a net cash inflows of $515,839 of receivable in 2015.  Net cash used in investing activities  Net cash used in investing activities was $0 and $1,374 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease of $1,374 in net cash used in investing activities was mainly attributable to no purchase of office equipment.  Net cash used in financing activities  Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $273,997 a decrease of $683,238 or 71%, from net cash used by financing activities of $957,235 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to an increase advance from a director.  Non-cash transaction  In March 2010, the Company entered into a tri-parties settlement arrangement among two major customers, Customer A and Party B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed to transfer its accounts receivable balance to Party B and Party B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer A, on behalf of the Company, to offset against its trade payable due to the Company.  Pursuant to the terms of the Tri-parties Settlement Arrangement among Customer A, Party B and us;  1. Customer A agrees to make cash payments directly to the designated bank accounts of Party B, per our monthly instruction;  Under this arrangement, we can assure the collection from Customer A to meet with the purchase payable due to Party B on a timely basis. We also can reduce the time and costs to handle the fund remittance among Customer A, Party B and ourselves. As we continue to make the purchase orders to Party B, the accounts receivable originally due from Customer A will be gradually eliminated and offset by our future accounts payable due to Party B.  We have developed a prolonged business relationship with Party "B" in the sale and related products over10 years. In the normal course of business, Party B is acting as a "customer" or a "vendor", who generally sells and buys different types of wood products to and from us on an arm-length basis. These sale and purchases transactions are independent.  We expect to sustain and continue this prolonged business relationship with Party B, because;  1. Party B has a long-term commercial history and experience in sale and procurement of wood products in China;  We believe that there is no collectability concern with regard to the accounts receivable balance due from Party B, which will be recoverable by our future purchase orders.  As of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, there was no accounts receivable balance transferred from Customer A to Party B. As of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the aging analysis of Party B is as follow:   As of June 30, 2016 March 31, 2016 0-90 days $ 978,289 $ 798,842 91-180 days - 125,570 181-270 days 125,504 - 271-360 days - - Over 360 days 2,744,771 2,956,685 3,848,567 3,881,097 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts (2,000,000 ) (2,000,000 ) Total $ 1,848,564 $ 1,881,097  Trends  We are not aware of any trends, events or uncertainties that have or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our short-term or long-term liquidity.  Inflation  We believe that inflation has not had a material or significant impact on our revenue or our results of operations.  Working Capital  Our working capital was $192,983 and $254,493 on June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively.  We currently generate our cash flow through our operations. We believe that our cash flow generated from operations will be sufficient to sustain operations for at least the next 12 months . There is no identifiable expansion plan as of June 30, 2016, but from time to time, we may identify new business opportunities to improve the profitability and working capital from operations.  Capital Resources  As of June 30, 2016, the Company has a revolving line of credit with DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited with an outstanding balance of $515,392, a revolving line of credit with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited with an outstanding balance of $546,731, a short term bank borrowing with Shanghai Commercial Bank with an outstanding balance of $129,880, and a trade financing payable to Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited in an aggregate of $874,484. We will require additional fund if we were to expand our business.  The DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ("DBS") provides a credit facility for borrowings up to HK$14,000,000 (approximately $1,806,000) for up to 120 days generally with interest at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time to time for foreign currency bills on the outstanding amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by DBS.  The credit facility with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited ("ICBC") provides for borrowings up to HK$6,400,000 (approximately $825,000), which bears interest at a rate of 2% per annum below the ICBC's Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ("HKMC"), and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, directors of the Company.  The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$6,500,000 (approximately $838,500), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per annum over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities and is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. Since June 2016, the Company terminated the credit facility with Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited in June 2016 and released the restricted cash deposit accordingly.  On June 30, 2016, the Company had aggregate secured banking facilities of $2,629,344 in which $1,567,221 is unused.  Financing Arrangement  The financing arrangement with Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited provides for borrowings with interest rate at 12% per annum, and the interest is required to pay monthly.  As of June, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the outstanding balance was $671,446 and $671,803, respectively.  While the capital resources of the Company are stable from a cash perspective, the credit of the Company for debt financing if necessary is extremely strong due to our strong banking relations and the credit facilities provided for our veneer products. From time to time we do have a need to exercise our credit options on a short term basis due to the nature of our business as importers/exporters. The Company has established lines of credit with banks and management maintains very strong relations with these banks. Management believes that its current lines of credit are more than sufficient to cover any short and long term liquidity needs. Our historical financial liquidity needs have been shown to be more than adequately covered by our credit facilities. We believe that the strength of our management team to maintain strict internal control of its cash flow and liquidity that the current credit facilities are adequate for our needs.  Our accounts receivable balance as of June 30, 2016 is $2,887,991. Our accounts receivable are not considered by management to be high due to the nature of payment for our products. Our clients are required to provide credit facilities for their product by a Letter of Credit or other negotiable method of payment for the amount owed. We draw from the Letter of Credit prior to delivery only in the event that it is needed to maintain sufficient cash flow to cover our operations. We pay the cost of drawing on any Letter of Credit. Because our cash flow is typically sufficient to cover our operations we do not carry accounts receivable unless prior arrangements have been made. It is company policy to recognize revenue when the product is shipped to our customers.  In the event we are unable to generate sufficient funds to continue our business efforts or if the Company is pursued by a larger company for a business combination, we will analyze all strategies to continue the company and increase shareholder value. Only under these circumstances would we consider a merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, a roll-up, or other business combination to increase business and potentially increase the shareholder value of the Company. Management believes its responsibility to increase shareholder value is of paramount importance, which means the Company should consider the aforementioned alternatives in the event funding is not available on favorable terms to the Company when and if needed.  Jan 27, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s


Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know


Why John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





How you teach a computer to drive like a human




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:34 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of February 8, 2017, Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. was acquired by Zeecol Limited, in a reverse merger transaction. Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer, and other wood products primarily in Hong Kong. Its raw wood materials are used in furniture, molding, flooring, furnishings, doors, and musical instruments. The company exports its products to distributors in China, as well as to other customers in India, Italy, and the United Arab Emirates, as well as Europe, the Middle East, and South Korea. Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is based in Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong.


New East Ocean CentreUnit 3123rd FloorNo. 9, Science Museum RoadTsim Sha Tsui,  Hong KongFounded in 19987 Employees



Phone: 852 2482 5168

Fax: 852 2482 5268

www.greendragonglobal.com







Key Executives for Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.


Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Key Developments

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Announces Management Changes
Feb 3 17
On February 2, 2017, Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Zeecol Limited, the shareholders of Zeecol and Zeecol Acquisition Limited and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into Zeecol, with Zeecol surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, Mr. William Mook will serve as Chief Executive Officer of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. In 2011, Mr. Mook founded Zeecol Limited and was its President and Chief Executive Officer. He has over 18 years of experience in manufacturing industry as an OEM, and technology investor. He has over 20 years of experience as President/CEO of various companies including MokEnergy, Sugico Mok and Rapi-Serv Cash Systems. At the Closing of the Merger, Mr, Tony Baxter will become the Chief Operating Officer for Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Prior to this, Mr. Baxter served in that capacity for Zeecol Limited beginning in 2016. At the Closing of the Merger, Mr. Russell Covarrubia will become the Chief Financial Officer for Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., Mr. Covarrubia served in that capacity for Zeecol Limited beginning in 2015. He specializes in financial structuring and investing, and prior to joining Zeecol Limited, Mr. Covarrubia served as Vice President of Universe Capital Partners LLC, and he also served as Chief Executive Officer of UCP Holdings INC. At the Closing of the Merger, Mr. Kwok Leung Lee will become VP of Wood Products and Director. Prior to this, Mr. Lee served as the company’s President/Chairman of the Board of Directors beginning in September 1998.


Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. Appoints William Mook to Serve as Director
Dec 28 16
On December 23, 2016, the Board of Directors of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. appointed Mr. William Mook to serve as a director of the Company effective from that date. Mr. William Mook has over 18 years of experience in the manufacturing industry as an original equipment manufacturer and also as a technology investor. He has over 20 years of experience as President and CEO of various companies including MokEnergy, Sugico Mok and Rapi-Serv Cash Systems. He founded Zeecol Limited.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Acelink Limited Asia Arnhold Trading Limited Asia Asia Pacific Aviation Leasing Group Asia Baas Enterprises Limited Asia Baling (China) Investment Limited Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      November 22, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., please visit www.greendragonglobal.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles...     SEC Filings  GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year  ByME Staff 8-k -March 29, 2017 30  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

Item 5.03.




Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;
Change in Fiscal Year.




On March 27, 2017, Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida
corporation (the Company) filed Articles of Amendment to its
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the State of Florida
to change the name of the Company from Green Dragon Wood
Products, Inc. to Zeecol International, Inc. The Articles of
Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, effecting
the change of name, are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and are
incorporated herein by reference.




Item 9.01


Financial Statements and Exhibits.






Exhibit Number


Description




3.1


Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.




     – –     About GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. is engaged in the import/export of various species of wood logs, veneers and lumber from the United States, Africa, Europe and Southern China. The Company, through its subsidiaries is engaged in re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong. The raw wood materials, it imports/exports are used in furniture, molding, flooring, furnishings, doors and musical instruments. The Company trades its products to importers or distributors. Its subsidiaries are Green Dragon Industrial Inc. and Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited. GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) Recent Trading Information GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. (OTCMKTS:GDWP) closed its last trading session 00.000 at 0.140 with 2,000 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Tesoro Corporation (NYSE:TSO) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. (NASDAQ:PTX) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES, INC. (NASDAQ:FFIN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition     PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. (NASDAQ:PTX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    Ensco plc (NYSE:ESV) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Sell on UGI Corporation (NYSE:UGI) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Sell on TC PipeLines, LP (NYSE:TCP) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold on EnLink Midstream, LLC (NYSE:ENLC) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold on C.H. Robinson Worldwide (NASDAQ:CHRW) 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Buy on Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (NYSE:CCE) 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SRPT)  July 20, 2017   Biotech Movers: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)  July 19, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings38178LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1258Biotech Stocks1177Stock Market News1118Analyst Ratings1102Small Caps717Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 
































Private Companies in Wood Product Manufacturing on PrivCo

































































RPC














Green Dragon Wood Products - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC. - SAINT PETERSBURG, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



SAINT PETERSBURG



Wood Products, Nec



Wood Products, Nec



                            GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.
                                    



 





















G 


GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6860 GULFPORT BLVD S SAINT PETERSBURG, FL 33707
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $56,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Wood Products, Nec
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. is incorporated in Florida, has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $56,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









