


Gregory Louis Huck - Indianapolis, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Gregory Louis Huck in Indianapolis, IN


Gregory Louis Huck

                                                                           Intelius found that Gregory Louis Huck  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Indianapolis, IN.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Greg  Huck


Get Report Now

Age

Gregory Louis Huck is in his 60s

Gregory Has Lived In

Indianapolis, IN







Gregory Louis Huck



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Carrier Pneumatic Sales Manager at H-P Products Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Gregory? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Gregory, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Gregory Louis Huck
Get a Criminal Check on Gregory Louis Huck
Get a Public Record Report on Gregory Louis Huck
Get a People Search Report on Gregory Louis Huck


Gregory Louis Huck's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Gregory Louis Huck has lived as well as Gregory Louis Huck's phone numbers and email addresses.




Gregory Louis Huck Has Lived in 1 States
Indiana Address for Gregory Louis Huck


4220 S****** T** 

Indianapolis, IN


Has Lived In

Indianapolis, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Gregory Louis Huck

(317) ***-**** - Indianapolis, IN 
(800) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Gregory Louis Huck

g*********k@***.net
g*******k@***.com


Get Email Report




Gregory Louis Huck's Professional Information
Information regarding Gregory Louis Huck's professional history.  Find out previous places Gregory Louis Huck has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gregory Louis Huck Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: H-P Products Inc
               Title: Carrier Pneumatic Sales Manager
Gregory Louis Huck's Experience
Title: Carrier Pneumatic Sales Manager
               Company: H-P Products Inc
Job Details
               Since 1945, H-P Products, Inc., premier manufacturer of central vacuums and tubing-related products, has been internationally recognized for its operations developed on the genuine principles of producing high-quality products, while servicing the needs of a wide customer base. Superior service and performance practices have positioned H-P as a leader in the tubular products and central vacuum industries. With more than 60 years of manufacturing success, H-P continues to grow as a result of its diversified product line and flexible fabrication capabilities, and is committed to researching and formulating technologies while pioneering the industry.
Additional Professional Information on Gregory Louis Huck

 See Gregory Louis Huck's LinkedIn Profile



Gregory Louis Huck's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Gregory Louis Huck


Gregory Louis Huck's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Gregory Louis Huck's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Gregory Huck
Username Matches

                  GregoryHuck
                  HuckGregory
                  Gregory.Huck
                  Huck.Gregory
                  Gregory_Huck
                  Huck_Gregory
                  Gregory-Huck
                  Huck-Gregory
                  GHuck
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Huck







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Nam - Daugherty, Leo J./ Mattson, Gregory Louis - 9780760749371 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyAction/AdventureTelevision: HBOTelevision: SeriesWesternsTelevision: Discovery ChannelTelevision: British Mystery/DrTelevision: BBCChristmasCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsCountry & WesternPopular MusicMystery/SuspenseJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Jazz MusicSoul/R&BSoundtracks & ScoresRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our Story20% off your online order! GET DETAILSClickFIND A STORENam: A Photographic Historyby Daugherty, Leo J./ Mattson, Gregory LouisThis product has no descriptionVietnam WarCondition: Used - GoodHPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: HardcoverSold by: HPB GarlandSeller rating: Language: EnglishPublisher: Sterling Pub Co IncISBN-13: 9780760749371ISBN: 076074937XPublication Year: 2001HPB pick - In stock & ships todayHPB ships same day when order is received before 2pm Central timeUsed - Good$4.50 + $3.99 est. shippingAdd to CartLoading...Loading marketplace...HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×


Louis Peyton Gregory - Dallas, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Louis Peyton Gregory in Dallas, TX


Louis Peyton Gregory

                                                                           Intelius found that Louis Peyton Gregory  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Dallas, TX.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Louis E Gregory


Get Report Now

Age

Louis Peyton Gregory is in his 60s

Louis Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Plano, TX

Louis's Relatives

Linda Gregory
Betty Gregory
Christina Gregory
Susie Gregory







Louis Peyton Gregory



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President and General Counsel at ATMOS Energy Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Louis? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Louis, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Louis Peyton Gregory
Get a Criminal Check on Louis Peyton Gregory
Get a Public Record Report on Louis Peyton Gregory
Get a People Search Report on Louis Peyton Gregory


Louis Peyton Gregory's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Louis Peyton Gregory has lived as well as Louis Peyton Gregory's phone numbers and email addresses.




Louis Peyton Gregory Has Lived in 1 States
Texas Address for Louis Peyton Gregory


2001 B**** T**** 

Dallas, TX


Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Plano, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Louis Peyton Gregory

(972) ***-**** - Plano, TX 
(972) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Louis Peyton Gregory

s*****d@***.net
s****g@***.net
g*****y@***.com


Get Email Report




Louis Peyton Gregory's Professional Information
Information regarding Louis Peyton Gregory's professional history.  Find out previous places Louis Peyton Gregory has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Louis Peyton Gregory Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: ATMOS Energy Corporation
               Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Company: ATMOS Energy Corporation
               Title: Chief Technology Officer
Louis Peyton Gregory's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel
               Company: ATMOS Energy Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Atmos Energy Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, is the country's largest natural-gas-only distributor, serving over three million natural gas distribution customers in over 1,400 communities in eight states from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the East to the Rocky Mountains in the West. Atmos Energy also manages company-owned natural gas pipeline and storage assets, including one of the largest intrastate natural gas pipeline systems in Texas and currently provides natural gas marketing and procurement services to industrial, commercial and municipal customers primarily in the Midwest and Southeast.
Title: Chief Technology Officer
               Company: ATMOS Energy Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Louis Peyton Gregory

 See Louis Peyton Gregory's LinkedIn Profile



Louis Peyton Gregory's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Louis Peyton Gregory


Louis Peyton Gregory's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Louis Peyton Gregory's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Louis Gregory
Username Matches

                  LouisGregory
                  GregoryLouis
                  Louis.Gregory
                  Gregory.Louis
                  Louis_Gregory
                  Gregory_Louis
                  Louis-Gregory
                  Gregory-Louis
                  LGregory
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Gregory







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.























Louis P. Gregory - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Louis P. Gregory
Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Atmos Energy


View Full Profile
Are you Louis P. Gregory? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Louis P. Gregory's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Louis P. Gregory's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Louis P. Gregory's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Louis P. Gregory through your network of contacts.
												








Louis P. Gregory's Executive Work History


Past
To view Louis P. Gregory's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Louis P. Gregory's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Louis P. Gregory. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Louis P. Gregory's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Louis P. Gregory's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Louis P. Gregory through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Louis P. Gregory


















Louis P. Gregory's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view Louis P. Gregory's 49 connections »









Michael E. Haefner
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Atmos Energy









Robert W. Best
Chairman of the Board, Atmos Energy









John P. Reddy
Chief Financial Officer, Spectra Energy Corp









Richard W. Douglas
Board Member, Atmos Energy









Bret J. Eckert
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Atmos Energy









Richard K. Gordon
Lead Director, Atmos Energy









Stephen R. Springer
Board Member, Atmos Energy









Marvin L. Sweetin
Former Senior Vice President, Safety and Enterprise Services, Atmos Energy









Robert C. Grable
Board Member, Atmos Energy









Richard A. Sampson
Board Member, Atmos Energy








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Louis P. Gregory - Former Associate at Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Louis P. Gregory
Former Associate at Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Louis P. Gregory
Former Associate at Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP



 Overview



Age



61
                                  (Born 1956)
                                              




Notable Companies


Atmos Energy Corporation

Lomas Financial Corp.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 161 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
February 7, 2017





                        Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2017 First Quarter; Reaffirms Fiscal 2017 Guidance                    





SNL Energy Finance Daily
January 23, 2017





                        Atmos promotes controller to CFO; general counsel steps down                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Robert B. Little

Partner at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP




Richard M. Russo

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Endomedix, Inc.





Robyn E. Zolman

Partner at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP




Kim R. Cocklin

Chief Executive Officer at Atmos Energy Corporation





Michael E. Haefner

President & Chief Operating Officer at Atmos Energy Corporation




Christopher T. Forsythe

Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Atmos Energy Corporation





Richard J. Gius

Chief Information Officer & Vice President at Atmos Energy Corporation




David E. Gates

President, Mississippi Division at Atmos Energy Corporation





Gary W. Gregory

President, Colorado-Kansas Division at Atmos Energy Corporation




Thomas S. Hawkins

President-Louisiana Division at Atmos Energy Corporation







See 151 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 151 More 


 


 Paths to Louis P. Gregory



            Louis P. Gregory          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Louis P. Gregory






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Louis P. Gregory.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor of Arts 


Stephen F. Austin State University

                  Stephen F Austin State University is a school in Nacogdoches.                




J.D. 


Texas Tech University - School of Law

                  The Texas Tech University School of Law is an ABA-accredited law school located on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. Known nationally for their continual success in trial advocacy competitions, the school focuses on forming practical lawyers who are ready to practice law upon graduation. Additionally, the school is known for its great value to students, with National Jurist Magazine rating the school in the top 20 best value law schools for the past three consecutive years.[4] The school was also ranked #3 for most accessible professors by the Princeton Review in 2011.[5] Additionally, the school historically ranks at or near the number one position in the Texas Bar Examination results, with a 90% average passage rate for the last 16 years.                





 Career History



Associate

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP






Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary

                                    2000 - 2017                


Atmos Energy Corporation


                  Atmos Energy Corp. is engaged in the regulated natural gas distribution and transmission, and storage businesses as well as other non-regulated natural gas businesses. The company operates its business through three segments: Regulated pipeline, Regulated distribution and Non-regulated. Atmos Energy was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                




Senior Vice President & General Counsel

                                    Prior - 2000                


Lomas Financial Corp.


                  Lomas Financial Corp., a subsidiary of WMIH Corp., is an American company located in Dallas, TX, focused on investors,.                




Partner

                                    Prior                


Gregory, Self & Beuttenmuller






Attorney

                                    Prior                


McManemin & Smith PC


                  McManemin & Smith PC is an American private company specializing in legal services.                




Associate

                                    Prior                


Jenkens & Gilchrist PC


                  Jenkens & Gilchrist PC provides legal services. The firm operates in Chicago, Austin, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Los Angeles and Pasadena. It specializes in areas of technology. The company was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                





 Political Donations



$250

                  2011                


Phil Bryant


                  Governor of Mississippi                




$500

                  2006                


Dan Flynn








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  CenterPoint Energy, Inc., CenterPoint Energy Services, Inc. purchase Atmos Energy Marketing LLC from Atmos Energy Corporation                                    




 Details Hidden



                  Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp., Liberty Energy Utilities Co. purchase Atmos Energy Corp. /Natural Gas Distribution Ops from Atmos Energy Corporation                                    





 Other Affiliations




              Louis P. Gregory is affiliated with
                            Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin LLP, Atmos Energy Corporation, Lomas Financial Corp., Gregory, Self & Beuttenmuller, McManemin & Smith PC, Jenkens & Gilchrist PC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













Unauthorized access.


Louis George Gregory - Wikipedia






















 






Louis George Gregory

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search








Louis George Gregory (born June 6, 1874 in Charleston, South Carolina; died July 30, 1951 in Eliot, Maine) was a prominent member of the Bahá'í Faith posthumously appointed a Hand of the Cause, the highest appointed position in the Bahá'í Faith, by Shoghi Effendi.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 Pre-college
1.2 University and professional years


2 As a Bahá'í

2.1 Encountering the religion
2.2 First actions
2.3 Pilgrimage
2.4 1912
2.5 Succeeding years of service
2.6 Later years


3 Notes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Early years[edit]
Pre-college[edit]
He was born on June 6, 1874 to African-American parents liberated during the Civil War whose number included his future stepfather 1st Sgt. George Gregory.[1] His mother was Mary Elizabeth whose mother, Mary, was African and whose father was an enslaver named George Washington Dargan of the Rough Fork plantation in Darlington, South Carolina. When Gregory was four years old, his father, Ebaneezer George died. At seven years of age, Louis was witness to the savage lynching of his grandfather who had taken the family in and who had succeeded in a blacksmith business. Then his mother remarried to George Gregory, who was the only freeman of African descent to join the Union Army from the 3000 in Charleston at the time. George Gregory rose to 1st Sgt. in the 104th United States Colored Troops(USCT) after being recruited by Major Delaney, of African descent. After the war, he was honorifically called Colonel Gregory and his family received a Civil War pension. At this point Louis George Gregory took the name of his step father. Due to his military service, his step-son Louis George Gregory, was introduced in family situations to make friends with the European descent children of Army officers who would visit the home. George Gregory was also a leader in the community, playing a significant role in the inter-racial United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America that upon his death in 1929, the Union put out an advertisement in the Charleston Newspaper[which?] asking all Union members to attend, 1000 of both races did make it to Monrovia Union Cemetery, where headstones to George and Mary Elizabeth stand to this day.
During his elementary schooling, Gregory attended the first public school that was open to both African Americans and whites in Charleston, South Carolina. George and Mary Elizabeth were desperate for a child together, but after many infant deaths, tragically Mary Elizabeth died in 1891 after suffering an illness while giving birth to another infant death three months earlier. To add to Louis' tragedy his older brother Theodore also died the same year. Despite all of that, at the Avery Institute, the leading school for Americans of African descent in Charleston, Louis not only still graduated, but gave the graduation speech entitled, "Thou Shalt Not Live For Thyself Alone." Avery Institute still remembers Louis George Gregory to this day, by prominently displaying his portrait in their preserved classroom.[citation needed]
Significantly, at this point Louis gained a step brother Harrison Gregory, as his step-father remarried Lauretta Gregory. Lauretta's own husband, civil war veteran Louis Noisette had died while she was pregnant with Harrison. The Noisette family is a prominent Charleston family, that hails from Haiti, and may help explain why Louis chose Haiti as his future pioneering home in the 1930s. Philippe Stanislas Noisette was the young son of a Nantes, France horticulturalist for the King of France, and was sent to Haiti to send back exotic flowers. While there he married Celestine, a Haitian of African descent. They fled the violence of the Haitian Revolution to Charleston, SC together with two of Celestine's family members. Because of the miscegenation laws of South Carolina, Philippe was forced to declare Celestine a slave in order to continue to live together. They had six children together. In 1809 there is a record of a refusal of his request to liberate one of the family members through manumission.[citation needed] One of the two men fathered Benjamin who became enslaved by the Solomon family. Benjamin's children recorded in a 1893 deposition that throughout their enslavement their father made clear to them to remember their last name was Noisette rather than that of their enslaver.[citation needed] Harrison escaped enslavement in 1862 and joined the Union Navy on May 6, 1862 in Port Royal, SC. Benjamin also escaped enslavement in 1862 and went on to the freeman's Camp Barker, as it was known then, in Washington DC. And finally Louis' step-brothers father Louis Noisette remained enslaved until African American soldiers liberated Charleston in February 1865.[2] He then joined the 33rd USCT Regiment as a drummer to help liberate his mother and sister who remained enslaved in Savannah. After the war Louis Noisette married Lauretta, and had the child Harrison Noisette who became Harrison Gregory.
University and professional years[edit]
Gregory's generous step-father paid for his first year at Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee where he studied English literature. Using the tailoring skills his mother had taught him he managed to manage the finances needed for the rest of his bachelor's degree. There being no law schools which would accept him in the south, he continued on to Howard University in Washington D.C., one of the few universities to accept black graduate students, to study law and received his LL.B degree in Spring 1902.[3] He was admitted to the bar,[4] and along with another young lawyer, James A. Cobb, opened a law office in Washington D.C. The partnership ended in 1906, after Gregory started to work in the United States Department of the Treasury.[5] In 1904 Gregory was listed as a supporter of the committee for a celebration of Booker T Washington.[6] In 1906 Gregory served as vice president of the Howard University Law School Alumni association.[7] Gregory had been attracted to the Niagara Movement[8] and active in the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization devoted to discussing issues of the day - he had been elected a vice president in 1907[9] and president in 1909.[10] Meanwhile, Gregory was visible in the newspapers over racist incidents.[11]
As a Bahá'í[edit]
Encountering the religion[edit]
At the Treasury Department Gregory met Thomas H. Gibbs, with whom he formed a close relationship. Gibbs, while not being a Bahá'í himself, shared information about the religion to Gregory, and Gregory attended a lecture by Lua Getsinger, a leading Bahá'í, in 1907.[12] In that meeting he met Pauline Hannen and her husband who invited him to many other meetings through the next couple of years and Gregory was much affected by the behavior of the Hannens and the religion after having become disillusioned with Christianity.[8] Among the readings Gregory reviewed on the religion was an early edition of The Hidden Words and the meetings were also held among the poor at a school and a Bahá'í view of Christian scripture and prophecy much affected him and presented a framework for a reformulation of society. While the Hannens went on pilgrimage in 1909 by visiting `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in Palestine, Gregory left the Treasury Department and established his practice in Washington D.C. When the Hannens returned, Gregory once again started attending meetings on the religion and the burgeoning Bahá'í community of DC was holding more and more meetings - particularly integrated meetings of the Hannens and some others.[8] `Abdu'l-Bahá also began to communicate either in letters or to those that visited on pilgrimage a preference for integration. On July 23, 1909 wrote to the Hannens that he was an adherent of the Bahá'í Faith:

"It comes to me that I have never taken occasion to thank you specifically for all your kindness and patience, which finally culminated in my acceptance of the great truths of the Bahá'í Revelation. It has given me an entirely new conception of Christianity and of all religion, and with it my whole nature seems changed for the better...It is a sane and practical religion, which meets all the varying needs of life, and I hope I shall ever regard it as a priceless possession."

First actions[edit]
At this point, Gregory started organizing meetings for the religion as well, including one under the auspices of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization of which he was president previously.[13] He also wrote to `Abdu'l-Bahá, who responded to Gregory that he had high expectations of Gregory in the realm of race relations. The Hannens asked that Gregory attend some organizational meetings to help consult on opportunities for the Faith. With such meetings the practical aspects of integration with some Bahá'ís became crystallized while for others it became a strain they had to work to overcome.[8] Gregory received a letter in November 1909 from `Abdu'l-Bahá saying:

"I hope that thou mayest become… the means whereby the white and colored people shall close their eyes to racial differences and behold the reality of humanity, that is the universal truth which is the oneness of the kingdom of the human race…. Rely as much as thou canst on the True One, and be thou resigned to the Will of God, so that like unto a candle thou mayest be enkindled in the world of humanity and like unto a star thou mayest shine and gleam from the Horizon of Reality and become the cause of the guidance of both races."[8]

In 1910 Gregory stopped working as a lawyer and began a long period of service holding meetings and traveling for the religion and wrote and lectured on the subject of racial unity.[8][12] Some initial meetings were held in parallel among the races but `Abdu'l-Bahá made it known that the direction of the community was toward integrated meetings. The fact that upper class white Bahá'ís repeatedly achieved steps towards integration was a confirmation to Gregory of the power of the religion.[8] Gregory, still president of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, arranged for presentations by several Bahá'ís to the group.[14]
Gregory initiated a major trip through the South. He travelled to Richmond, Virginia, Durham, North Carolina and other locations in North Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina, the city of his family and childhood, and Macon, Georgia where he told people about the religion.[12] In Charleston he is known to have presented talks at the Carpenter's Union Hall and made contact with a priest who had encountered the religion at Green Acre and met Mirzá `Abu'l-Fadl.[8] In Charleston an African American lawyer Alonzo Twine converted, the first Bahá'í of South Carolina, though Gregory's stay was short and he didn't return to Charleston for some years. In the meantime, unbeknownst to Gregory, Twine was committed to a mental institution by his mother and family priest and where he died a few years later - still handing out Bahá'í pamphlets he made himself.[8]
Gregory also began to participate more in the early Bahá'í administration. In February 1911 he was elected to the Washington's Working Committee of the Bahá'í Assembly, the first African-American to serve on that position.
Pilgrimage[edit]
On March 25, 1911, at the behest of `Abdu'l-Bahá, Gregory sailed from New York City through Europe to Egypt and Palestine to go on pilgrimage.[8][12] In Palestine, Gregory met with `Abdu'l-Bahá and Shoghi Effendi and visited the Shrine of Bahá'u'lláh and the Shrine of the Báb. After he had returned to Egypt from Palestine, the discussion of race unity in the United States came about with `Abdu'l-Bahá and the other pilgrims. `Abdu'l-Bahá stated that there was no distinction between the races, and then gave blackberries to each of the pilgrims, which Gregory interpreted as the symbolic sharing of black-coloured fruit. During this time, `Abdu'l-Bahá also started encouraging Gregory and Louisa Mathew, a white Englishwoman who was also a pilgrim, to get to know each other.
After leaving Egypt, Gregory travelled to Germany, before returning to the United States, where he spoke at a number of gatherings to Bahá'ís and their friends. When he returned to the United States he continued to travel mainly the southern United States talking about the Bahá'í Faith but elsewhere as well.[15] He held his first public meeting on the religion after his return to the States in February 1911[16] and published his own article in the Washington Bee in November being inspired by the action of `Abdu'l-Bahá in Britain,[17] when he was also first elected to a Washington Bahá'í working committee.[8]
1912[edit]
1912 was a momentous year for Gregory. In April he was elected to the national Bahá'í "executive board"[8] and assisted during `Abdu'l-Bahá's visit to the United States during which he repeatedly emphasized the oneness of humanity and used black-colored references for pictures of beauty and virtue.[8][12] See `Abdu'l-Bahá's journeys to the West.
There are several prominent engagements where `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke thanks to the efforts of Gregory. The first was on 23 April 1912 when `Abdu'l-Bahá attended several events;[18] first he spoke at Howard University to over 1000 students, faculty, administrators and visitors — an event commemorated in 2009.[19] Then he attended a reception by the Persian Charg-de-Affairs and the Turkish Ambassador;[12] at this reception `Abdu'l-Bahá moved the place-names such that the only African-American present, Gregory, was seated at the head of the table next to himself.[12][20]
Then `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke at Bethel Literary and Historical Society where Gregory had a long history including being president.[12][21]
Later in June `Abdu'l-Bahá addressed the NAACP national convention in Chicago - and reported by W. E. B. Du Bois in The Crisis.[22]




Louis G. and Louisa Mathew Gregory


On September 27, 1912, Gregory and Louisa Mathew married becoming the first Bahá'í interracial couple.[12]
During his travels, whenever he was accompanied by his wife, they received a range of different reactions because interracial marriage was illegal or unrecognized in a majority of the states at that time.
Succeeding years of service[edit]
The struggle of the Washington Bahá'í community, where the Gregories lived, towards fully and only integrated meetings and institutions came about in Spring 1916.[8] That summer `Abdu'l-Bahá's earliest Tablets of the Divine Plan arrived. The Tablet for the South arrived to Joseph Hannen with whom Gregory worked on a committee. By December Gregory had traveled among 14 of the 16 southern states named mostly speaking to student audiences and began a second round in 1917. Complementing Gregory's priorities was the founding of NAACP organizations in South Carolina starting in 1918 though the KKK activities increased the pace of lynchings. Many of the initial organizers of the NAACP were personally known to Gregory.[8] In 1919 after the remaining letters of the `Abdu'l-Bahá arrived and used the example of St. Gregory the Illuminator as the model of effort in the spread of the religion. Hannen and Gregory were subsequently elected to a committee focused on the American South and Gregory focused on two approaches - presenting the religion's teachings on race issue to social leaders as well as to the general public - and initiated his next more extensive trip from 1919 to 1921 often with Roy Williams, an African-American Bahá'í from New York city. During 1920 a pilgrim returned from seeing `Abdu'l-Bahá with a focus on initiating conferences on race issues called "Race Amity Conferences" and Gregory consulted by letter on how to begin. The first one was held May 1921 in Washington DC.
Among the contacts in South Carolina Gregory made was Josiah Morse of the University of South Carolina.[8] As a result, several Bahá'ís speakers would be known at university based events starting in the 1930s. Gregory developed a friendship with Samuel Chiles Mitchell, president of the University of South Carolina (1909–1913), and shared that `Abdu'l-Bahá's views he heard at the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration affected him in his interracial work into the 1930s.[8] In addition to supportful connections there was also increasing opposition. Gregory's January 1921 appearance in Columbia SC registered African-American ministers who warned of his presence and the dangers of his religion though others positively invited Gregory to speak. One of the ministers who opposed him was the self-same minister who assisted in committing the first declared Bahá'í in South Carolina to an institution for the mentally insane.[8][23][24]
Gregory was then the first African-American to be elected to the National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and Canada, a body which he would be elected to in 1922, 1924, 1927, 1932, 1934 and 1946. Correspondence and activities he carried on sometimes was carried in local newspapers in the US and beyond.[25]
In 1924 Gregory toured the country to a number of engagements and this tour he was able to be on stage with fellow African American Bahá'í and prominent thinker of the then developing Harlem Renaissance, Alain LeRoy Locke.[26]
On the personal side his father died in 1929 but Gregory heard his father's commendations for his work, marriage, and principles and was known to hand out pamphlets of the religion though he never officially converted.[8] At the funeral some thousand people came and Gregory read Bahá'í prayers.
In the 1930s Gregory would apply himself in intra- and international developments of the religion. In December 1931 he helped start a Bahá'í study class during a brief visit to Atlanta, and lived in Nashville a number of months helping inquirers from Fisk University who eventually helped found that city's first local Spiritual Assembly.[12] In response to Shoghi Effendi's call to the wide goals of the Tablets of the Divine Plan the United States community arranged a program of action and Gregory, this time with his wife, traveled to and lived in Haiti in 1934 promoting the religion though the Haitian government asked them to leave in a matter of months.[8] In 1940 the Atlanta Bahá'í community struggled over integrated meetings and Gregory was among those tasked with resolving the situation in favor of integrated meetings.[8] In early 1942 Gregory spoke at several black schools and colleges West Virginia, Virginia, and the Carolinas as well as serving as on the first "assembly development" committee especially focused on supporting materials for the growth of the religion in south and Central America. In 1944 Gregory was on the planning committee for the "All-America Convention" which was going to have attendees from all Bahá'í national communities north and south and wrote the convention report for the Bahá'í News national journal[27] and then traveled again starting the winter of 1944 through 1945 among five southern states.[8]
Talks of his and his work in Race Amity conventions organized by Bahá'ís would appear in a variety of newspapers from the 1920s through the 1950s.[28]
Later years[edit]
In December 1948 Gregory suffered a stroke returning from a funeral for a friend[8] and between him and his wife, whose health also declined, began to stay closer to home, now at Green Acre Bahá'í School in Eliot, Maine. Nevertheless, Gregory carried on correspondence with U.S. District Court Judge Julius Waties Waring and his wife in 1950-1 who was involved in Briggs v. Elliott.
Gregory died aged seventy-seven on July 30, 1951. He is buried at a cemetery near the Green Acre Bahá'í school. Significantly, his wife Louisa went for comfort with the Noisette family in New York after his passing.
On his death, Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, cabled to the American Bahá'í community::

"Profoundly deplore grievous loss of dearly beloved, noble-minded, golden-hearted Louis Gregory, pride and example to the Negro adherents of the Faith. Keenly feel loss of one so loved, admired and trusted by 'Abdu'l-Bahá. Deserves rank of first Hand of the Cause of his race. Rising Bahá'í generation in African continent will glory in his memory and emulate his example. Advise hold memorial gathering in Temple in token recognition of his unique position, outstanding services."[29]

This was Shoghi Effendi's first round of appointees as having achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion named Hands of the Cause. Memorial observances of his death were among the first events of the newly arrived Bahá'ís and first converts in Uganda from which Enoch Olinga, the father of victories, would appear in just two years. Bahá'í radio station WLGI is named after Gregory: the Louis Gregory Institute.
Notes[edit]


^ "Mr. Louis George Gregory House #49". DC Bahá'í Tour 2012. 2012. Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ Francone, Brian (Nov 12, 2007). "Service of family member makes history". Savannah Now. Savannah, Georgia. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ "Law Class to Graduate; Arrangements being Completed for Howard University Commencement" (PDF). The Washington Times. May 22, 1902. p. 8 second column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Young Lawyers to Make Debut; Seventy-four will be admitted to practice before Supreme Court on Next Tuesday" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 4, 1902. p. 8 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ J. Clay Smith, Jr. (1 January 1999). Emancipation: The Making of the Black Lawyer, 1844-1944. University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 133, 136. ISBN 0-8122-1685-7. 
^ "The Wizard Banqueted; Washington's Representative Citizens Greet the Taskegeean at the Festive Board…". The Colored American. March 26, 1904. pp. 12–13 (listed on page 13, 1st column towards bottom). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Doings of Clubs in the District; Howard Alumni Officers" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 21, 1906. pp. 5, 7th column near top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
^ "Bethel Literary and Historical Association; Officers" (PDF). The Washington Bee. December 21, 1907. pp. 4, 3rd column middle. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The Week in Society; Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. November 6, 1909. pp. 5, 2nd column bottom and third column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "No Negro Wanted" (PDF). The Washington Bee. March 9, 1907. pp. 5, 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
^ Thomas, Richard Walter (2006). Lights of the spirit: historical portraits of Black Bahá'ís in North America. US Baha'i Publishing Trust. pp. 32–33. ISBN 978-1-931847-26-1. 
^ "Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. April 9, 1910. p. 8 2nd and 3rd column bottom. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Mr. Louis G. Gregory...". The Appeal. Saint Paul, MN, USA. 17 June 1911. p. 2 (5th col, down from top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Week in Society (a talk; "A view of the heavens")" (PDF). The Washington Bee. February 11, 1911. p. 5 (1st column bottom, 2nd column top). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Gregory, Louis George (November 11, 1911). "Bahai Revelation - In Relation to Christianity and Other Religion; Scope, History and Prescepts" (PDF). The Washington Bee. p. 1 (1st column top into 2nd). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Parsons, Agnes (1996). Hollinger, Richard, ed. `Abdu'l-Bahá in America; Agnes Parsons' Diary. US: Kalimat Press. pp. 23–26, 31–34. ISBN 978-0-933770-91-1. 
^ Musta, Lex (25 March 2009). "Get on the Bus for a Spiritual Journey through DC and Baha'i History". The News. Bahai Faith, Washington DC. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 27 March 2010. 
^ Dr. Ward, Allan L. (1979). 239 Days; `Abdu'-Bahá's Journey in America. US Bahá'í Publishing Trust. pp. 40–41. ISBN 978-0-87743-129-9. 
^ "Bahai Leader May Address Bethel Literary". Washington Bee. 30 March 1912. pp. 2, 4th column. Archived from the original on 3 February 2014. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ `Abdu'l-Bahá (4 June 1912). Du Bois, W. E. Burghardt; MacLean, M. D., eds. "The Brotherbood of Man". The Crisis; A Record of the Darker Races. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 04 (2): 49–52. Retrieved 4 February 2010. 
^ Lowery, Rev. L. E. (February 19, 1921). "Rev. L. E. Lowery's Column; The Bahai Movement". The Southern indicator. Columbia, SC, USA. p. 6 (3rd col, top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ Chandler, Rev. C. W. (18 March 1944). "He Hath Made of One Blood All The Nations". Auckland Star. Auckland, New Zealand. p. 4. Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Bahai Movement". The Dallas Express. Denton, TX, USA. January 3, 1920. p. 9 (3rd col, down from top). Retrieved October 12, 2013. 
^ "Convention for Amity meeting at Big Local …". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 1 November 1924. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The historic thirty-sixth convention". Bahá'í News (170): 1–8. September 1944. 
^ * "Religious group plan convention". The Times. San Mateo, California. 27 April 1926. p. 6. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 

"Comments by The Age editors on sayings of other editors". The New York Age. New York, New York. 23 July 1927. p. 4. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Conference will open here on August 21". The Portsmouth Herald. Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 19 August 1930. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Howard University, (talks by Gregorys)". The New York Age. New York, New York. 31 October 1931. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
. Rogers, J. A (2 December 1950). "Your History". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. p. 7. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 


^ Effendi, Shoghi (collected letters from 1947–57). Citadel of Faith. Haifa, Palestine: US Bahá'í Publishing Trust, 1980 third printing. p. 163.  Check date values in: |date= (help)


Further reading[edit]

Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
The National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the United States (2006-06-28). "Selected profiles of African-American Baha'is". bahai.us. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
Louis Gregory Museum (2003). "About Louis G. Gregory". louisgregorymuseum.org. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
African American History Online (January 2005). "Louis George Gregory's Appearance in State African American History Calendar of South Carolina in 2005". scafricanamericanhistory.com. Retrieved 2014-05-17. 
Morrison, Gayle (2009). "Gregory, Louis George (1874-1951)". Bahá'í Encyclopedia Project. Evanston, IL: National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States. 
Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
Musta, Leonard (2014). Personal Research Notes on Louis George Gregory from 1996-2014. Crofton, MD: Unpublished. 

External links[edit]

Louis Gregory Museum
The Louis Gregory Project
Louis Gregory at Find A Grave
Mr. Gregory's resting place, Eliot, ME







v
t
e


Bahá'í Faith



Central figures



The Báb
Bahá'u'lláh
Abdu'l-Bahá








Scripture



Kitáb-i-Aqdas
Kitáb-i-Íqán
Hidden Words
Tablets of Bahá'u'lláh
Summons





Key figures



Shoghi Effendi
Bahiyyih Khánum
Martha Root
Táhirih
Badí‘
Apostles
Hands of the Cause





Principal teachings



Unity of humanity
Unity of religion
Gender equality
Harmony of science and religion
Auxiliary language





See also



Symbols
Texts
Teachings
Laws
History
Administration
Calendar
Pilgrimage
Prayer
Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louis_George_Gregory&oldid=782356912"					
Categories: 1874 births1951 deathsHands of the CauseAfrican-American Bahá'ísFisk University alumniHoward University alumniConverts to the Bahá'í Faith20th-century Bahá'ísPeople from Charleston, South CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 11:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louis George Gregory - Wikipedia






















 






Louis George Gregory

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search








Louis George Gregory (born June 6, 1874 in Charleston, South Carolina; died July 30, 1951 in Eliot, Maine) was a prominent member of the Bahá'í Faith posthumously appointed a Hand of the Cause, the highest appointed position in the Bahá'í Faith, by Shoghi Effendi.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 Pre-college
1.2 University and professional years


2 As a Bahá'í

2.1 Encountering the religion
2.2 First actions
2.3 Pilgrimage
2.4 1912
2.5 Succeeding years of service
2.6 Later years


3 Notes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Early years[edit]
Pre-college[edit]
He was born on June 6, 1874 to African-American parents liberated during the Civil War whose number included his future stepfather 1st Sgt. George Gregory.[1] His mother was Mary Elizabeth whose mother, Mary, was African and whose father was an enslaver named George Washington Dargan of the Rough Fork plantation in Darlington, South Carolina. When Gregory was four years old, his father, Ebaneezer George died. At seven years of age, Louis was witness to the savage lynching of his grandfather who had taken the family in and who had succeeded in a blacksmith business. Then his mother remarried to George Gregory, who was the only freeman of African descent to join the Union Army from the 3000 in Charleston at the time. George Gregory rose to 1st Sgt. in the 104th United States Colored Troops(USCT) after being recruited by Major Delaney, of African descent. After the war, he was honorifically called Colonel Gregory and his family received a Civil War pension. At this point Louis George Gregory took the name of his step father. Due to his military service, his step-son Louis George Gregory, was introduced in family situations to make friends with the European descent children of Army officers who would visit the home. George Gregory was also a leader in the community, playing a significant role in the inter-racial United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America that upon his death in 1929, the Union put out an advertisement in the Charleston Newspaper[which?] asking all Union members to attend, 1000 of both races did make it to Monrovia Union Cemetery, where headstones to George and Mary Elizabeth stand to this day.
During his elementary schooling, Gregory attended the first public school that was open to both African Americans and whites in Charleston, South Carolina. George and Mary Elizabeth were desperate for a child together, but after many infant deaths, tragically Mary Elizabeth died in 1891 after suffering an illness while giving birth to another infant death three months earlier. To add to Louis' tragedy his older brother Theodore also died the same year. Despite all of that, at the Avery Institute, the leading school for Americans of African descent in Charleston, Louis not only still graduated, but gave the graduation speech entitled, "Thou Shalt Not Live For Thyself Alone." Avery Institute still remembers Louis George Gregory to this day, by prominently displaying his portrait in their preserved classroom.[citation needed]
Significantly, at this point Louis gained a step brother Harrison Gregory, as his step-father remarried Lauretta Gregory. Lauretta's own husband, civil war veteran Louis Noisette had died while she was pregnant with Harrison. The Noisette family is a prominent Charleston family, that hails from Haiti, and may help explain why Louis chose Haiti as his future pioneering home in the 1930s. Philippe Stanislas Noisette was the young son of a Nantes, France horticulturalist for the King of France, and was sent to Haiti to send back exotic flowers. While there he married Celestine, a Haitian of African descent. They fled the violence of the Haitian Revolution to Charleston, SC together with two of Celestine's family members. Because of the miscegenation laws of South Carolina, Philippe was forced to declare Celestine a slave in order to continue to live together. They had six children together. In 1809 there is a record of a refusal of his request to liberate one of the family members through manumission.[citation needed] One of the two men fathered Benjamin who became enslaved by the Solomon family. Benjamin's children recorded in a 1893 deposition that throughout their enslavement their father made clear to them to remember their last name was Noisette rather than that of their enslaver.[citation needed] Harrison escaped enslavement in 1862 and joined the Union Navy on May 6, 1862 in Port Royal, SC. Benjamin also escaped enslavement in 1862 and went on to the freeman's Camp Barker, as it was known then, in Washington DC. And finally Louis' step-brothers father Louis Noisette remained enslaved until African American soldiers liberated Charleston in February 1865.[2] He then joined the 33rd USCT Regiment as a drummer to help liberate his mother and sister who remained enslaved in Savannah. After the war Louis Noisette married Lauretta, and had the child Harrison Noisette who became Harrison Gregory.
University and professional years[edit]
Gregory's generous step-father paid for his first year at Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee where he studied English literature. Using the tailoring skills his mother had taught him he managed to manage the finances needed for the rest of his bachelor's degree. There being no law schools which would accept him in the south, he continued on to Howard University in Washington D.C., one of the few universities to accept black graduate students, to study law and received his LL.B degree in Spring 1902.[3] He was admitted to the bar,[4] and along with another young lawyer, James A. Cobb, opened a law office in Washington D.C. The partnership ended in 1906, after Gregory started to work in the United States Department of the Treasury.[5] In 1904 Gregory was listed as a supporter of the committee for a celebration of Booker T Washington.[6] In 1906 Gregory served as vice president of the Howard University Law School Alumni association.[7] Gregory had been attracted to the Niagara Movement[8] and active in the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization devoted to discussing issues of the day - he had been elected a vice president in 1907[9] and president in 1909.[10] Meanwhile, Gregory was visible in the newspapers over racist incidents.[11]
As a Bahá'í[edit]
Encountering the religion[edit]
At the Treasury Department Gregory met Thomas H. Gibbs, with whom he formed a close relationship. Gibbs, while not being a Bahá'í himself, shared information about the religion to Gregory, and Gregory attended a lecture by Lua Getsinger, a leading Bahá'í, in 1907.[12] In that meeting he met Pauline Hannen and her husband who invited him to many other meetings through the next couple of years and Gregory was much affected by the behavior of the Hannens and the religion after having become disillusioned with Christianity.[8] Among the readings Gregory reviewed on the religion was an early edition of The Hidden Words and the meetings were also held among the poor at a school and a Bahá'í view of Christian scripture and prophecy much affected him and presented a framework for a reformulation of society. While the Hannens went on pilgrimage in 1909 by visiting `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in Palestine, Gregory left the Treasury Department and established his practice in Washington D.C. When the Hannens returned, Gregory once again started attending meetings on the religion and the burgeoning Bahá'í community of DC was holding more and more meetings - particularly integrated meetings of the Hannens and some others.[8] `Abdu'l-Bahá also began to communicate either in letters or to those that visited on pilgrimage a preference for integration. On July 23, 1909 wrote to the Hannens that he was an adherent of the Bahá'í Faith:

"It comes to me that I have never taken occasion to thank you specifically for all your kindness and patience, which finally culminated in my acceptance of the great truths of the Bahá'í Revelation. It has given me an entirely new conception of Christianity and of all religion, and with it my whole nature seems changed for the better...It is a sane and practical religion, which meets all the varying needs of life, and I hope I shall ever regard it as a priceless possession."

First actions[edit]
At this point, Gregory started organizing meetings for the religion as well, including one under the auspices of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization of which he was president previously.[13] He also wrote to `Abdu'l-Bahá, who responded to Gregory that he had high expectations of Gregory in the realm of race relations. The Hannens asked that Gregory attend some organizational meetings to help consult on opportunities for the Faith. With such meetings the practical aspects of integration with some Bahá'ís became crystallized while for others it became a strain they had to work to overcome.[8] Gregory received a letter in November 1909 from `Abdu'l-Bahá saying:

"I hope that thou mayest become… the means whereby the white and colored people shall close their eyes to racial differences and behold the reality of humanity, that is the universal truth which is the oneness of the kingdom of the human race…. Rely as much as thou canst on the True One, and be thou resigned to the Will of God, so that like unto a candle thou mayest be enkindled in the world of humanity and like unto a star thou mayest shine and gleam from the Horizon of Reality and become the cause of the guidance of both races."[8]

In 1910 Gregory stopped working as a lawyer and began a long period of service holding meetings and traveling for the religion and wrote and lectured on the subject of racial unity.[8][12] Some initial meetings were held in parallel among the races but `Abdu'l-Bahá made it known that the direction of the community was toward integrated meetings. The fact that upper class white Bahá'ís repeatedly achieved steps towards integration was a confirmation to Gregory of the power of the religion.[8] Gregory, still president of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, arranged for presentations by several Bahá'ís to the group.[14]
Gregory initiated a major trip through the South. He travelled to Richmond, Virginia, Durham, North Carolina and other locations in North Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina, the city of his family and childhood, and Macon, Georgia where he told people about the religion.[12] In Charleston he is known to have presented talks at the Carpenter's Union Hall and made contact with a priest who had encountered the religion at Green Acre and met Mirzá `Abu'l-Fadl.[8] In Charleston an African American lawyer Alonzo Twine converted, the first Bahá'í of South Carolina, though Gregory's stay was short and he didn't return to Charleston for some years. In the meantime, unbeknownst to Gregory, Twine was committed to a mental institution by his mother and family priest and where he died a few years later - still handing out Bahá'í pamphlets he made himself.[8]
Gregory also began to participate more in the early Bahá'í administration. In February 1911 he was elected to the Washington's Working Committee of the Bahá'í Assembly, the first African-American to serve on that position.
Pilgrimage[edit]
On March 25, 1911, at the behest of `Abdu'l-Bahá, Gregory sailed from New York City through Europe to Egypt and Palestine to go on pilgrimage.[8][12] In Palestine, Gregory met with `Abdu'l-Bahá and Shoghi Effendi and visited the Shrine of Bahá'u'lláh and the Shrine of the Báb. After he had returned to Egypt from Palestine, the discussion of race unity in the United States came about with `Abdu'l-Bahá and the other pilgrims. `Abdu'l-Bahá stated that there was no distinction between the races, and then gave blackberries to each of the pilgrims, which Gregory interpreted as the symbolic sharing of black-coloured fruit. During this time, `Abdu'l-Bahá also started encouraging Gregory and Louisa Mathew, a white Englishwoman who was also a pilgrim, to get to know each other.
After leaving Egypt, Gregory travelled to Germany, before returning to the United States, where he spoke at a number of gatherings to Bahá'ís and their friends. When he returned to the United States he continued to travel mainly the southern United States talking about the Bahá'í Faith but elsewhere as well.[15] He held his first public meeting on the religion after his return to the States in February 1911[16] and published his own article in the Washington Bee in November being inspired by the action of `Abdu'l-Bahá in Britain,[17] when he was also first elected to a Washington Bahá'í working committee.[8]
1912[edit]
1912 was a momentous year for Gregory. In April he was elected to the national Bahá'í "executive board"[8] and assisted during `Abdu'l-Bahá's visit to the United States during which he repeatedly emphasized the oneness of humanity and used black-colored references for pictures of beauty and virtue.[8][12] See `Abdu'l-Bahá's journeys to the West.
There are several prominent engagements where `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke thanks to the efforts of Gregory. The first was on 23 April 1912 when `Abdu'l-Bahá attended several events;[18] first he spoke at Howard University to over 1000 students, faculty, administrators and visitors — an event commemorated in 2009.[19] Then he attended a reception by the Persian Charg-de-Affairs and the Turkish Ambassador;[12] at this reception `Abdu'l-Bahá moved the place-names such that the only African-American present, Gregory, was seated at the head of the table next to himself.[12][20]
Then `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke at Bethel Literary and Historical Society where Gregory had a long history including being president.[12][21]
Later in June `Abdu'l-Bahá addressed the NAACP national convention in Chicago - and reported by W. E. B. Du Bois in The Crisis.[22]




Louis G. and Louisa Mathew Gregory


On September 27, 1912, Gregory and Louisa Mathew married becoming the first Bahá'í interracial couple.[12]
During his travels, whenever he was accompanied by his wife, they received a range of different reactions because interracial marriage was illegal or unrecognized in a majority of the states at that time.
Succeeding years of service[edit]
The struggle of the Washington Bahá'í community, where the Gregories lived, towards fully and only integrated meetings and institutions came about in Spring 1916.[8] That summer `Abdu'l-Bahá's earliest Tablets of the Divine Plan arrived. The Tablet for the South arrived to Joseph Hannen with whom Gregory worked on a committee. By December Gregory had traveled among 14 of the 16 southern states named mostly speaking to student audiences and began a second round in 1917. Complementing Gregory's priorities was the founding of NAACP organizations in South Carolina starting in 1918 though the KKK activities increased the pace of lynchings. Many of the initial organizers of the NAACP were personally known to Gregory.[8] In 1919 after the remaining letters of the `Abdu'l-Bahá arrived and used the example of St. Gregory the Illuminator as the model of effort in the spread of the religion. Hannen and Gregory were subsequently elected to a committee focused on the American South and Gregory focused on two approaches - presenting the religion's teachings on race issue to social leaders as well as to the general public - and initiated his next more extensive trip from 1919 to 1921 often with Roy Williams, an African-American Bahá'í from New York city. During 1920 a pilgrim returned from seeing `Abdu'l-Bahá with a focus on initiating conferences on race issues called "Race Amity Conferences" and Gregory consulted by letter on how to begin. The first one was held May 1921 in Washington DC.
Among the contacts in South Carolina Gregory made was Josiah Morse of the University of South Carolina.[8] As a result, several Bahá'ís speakers would be known at university based events starting in the 1930s. Gregory developed a friendship with Samuel Chiles Mitchell, president of the University of South Carolina (1909–1913), and shared that `Abdu'l-Bahá's views he heard at the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration affected him in his interracial work into the 1930s.[8] In addition to supportful connections there was also increasing opposition. Gregory's January 1921 appearance in Columbia SC registered African-American ministers who warned of his presence and the dangers of his religion though others positively invited Gregory to speak. One of the ministers who opposed him was the self-same minister who assisted in committing the first declared Bahá'í in South Carolina to an institution for the mentally insane.[8][23][24]
Gregory was then the first African-American to be elected to the National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and Canada, a body which he would be elected to in 1922, 1924, 1927, 1932, 1934 and 1946. Correspondence and activities he carried on sometimes was carried in local newspapers in the US and beyond.[25]
In 1924 Gregory toured the country to a number of engagements and this tour he was able to be on stage with fellow African American Bahá'í and prominent thinker of the then developing Harlem Renaissance, Alain LeRoy Locke.[26]
On the personal side his father died in 1929 but Gregory heard his father's commendations for his work, marriage, and principles and was known to hand out pamphlets of the religion though he never officially converted.[8] At the funeral some thousand people came and Gregory read Bahá'í prayers.
In the 1930s Gregory would apply himself in intra- and international developments of the religion. In December 1931 he helped start a Bahá'í study class during a brief visit to Atlanta, and lived in Nashville a number of months helping inquirers from Fisk University who eventually helped found that city's first local Spiritual Assembly.[12] In response to Shoghi Effendi's call to the wide goals of the Tablets of the Divine Plan the United States community arranged a program of action and Gregory, this time with his wife, traveled to and lived in Haiti in 1934 promoting the religion though the Haitian government asked them to leave in a matter of months.[8] In 1940 the Atlanta Bahá'í community struggled over integrated meetings and Gregory was among those tasked with resolving the situation in favor of integrated meetings.[8] In early 1942 Gregory spoke at several black schools and colleges West Virginia, Virginia, and the Carolinas as well as serving as on the first "assembly development" committee especially focused on supporting materials for the growth of the religion in south and Central America. In 1944 Gregory was on the planning committee for the "All-America Convention" which was going to have attendees from all Bahá'í national communities north and south and wrote the convention report for the Bahá'í News national journal[27] and then traveled again starting the winter of 1944 through 1945 among five southern states.[8]
Talks of his and his work in Race Amity conventions organized by Bahá'ís would appear in a variety of newspapers from the 1920s through the 1950s.[28]
Later years[edit]
In December 1948 Gregory suffered a stroke returning from a funeral for a friend[8] and between him and his wife, whose health also declined, began to stay closer to home, now at Green Acre Bahá'í School in Eliot, Maine. Nevertheless, Gregory carried on correspondence with U.S. District Court Judge Julius Waties Waring and his wife in 1950-1 who was involved in Briggs v. Elliott.
Gregory died aged seventy-seven on July 30, 1951. He is buried at a cemetery near the Green Acre Bahá'í school. Significantly, his wife Louisa went for comfort with the Noisette family in New York after his passing.
On his death, Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, cabled to the American Bahá'í community::

"Profoundly deplore grievous loss of dearly beloved, noble-minded, golden-hearted Louis Gregory, pride and example to the Negro adherents of the Faith. Keenly feel loss of one so loved, admired and trusted by 'Abdu'l-Bahá. Deserves rank of first Hand of the Cause of his race. Rising Bahá'í generation in African continent will glory in his memory and emulate his example. Advise hold memorial gathering in Temple in token recognition of his unique position, outstanding services."[29]

This was Shoghi Effendi's first round of appointees as having achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion named Hands of the Cause. Memorial observances of his death were among the first events of the newly arrived Bahá'ís and first converts in Uganda from which Enoch Olinga, the father of victories, would appear in just two years. Bahá'í radio station WLGI is named after Gregory: the Louis Gregory Institute.
Notes[edit]


^ "Mr. Louis George Gregory House #49". DC Bahá'í Tour 2012. 2012. Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ Francone, Brian (Nov 12, 2007). "Service of family member makes history". Savannah Now. Savannah, Georgia. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ "Law Class to Graduate; Arrangements being Completed for Howard University Commencement" (PDF). The Washington Times. May 22, 1902. p. 8 second column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Young Lawyers to Make Debut; Seventy-four will be admitted to practice before Supreme Court on Next Tuesday" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 4, 1902. p. 8 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ J. Clay Smith, Jr. (1 January 1999). Emancipation: The Making of the Black Lawyer, 1844-1944. University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 133, 136. ISBN 0-8122-1685-7. 
^ "The Wizard Banqueted; Washington's Representative Citizens Greet the Taskegeean at the Festive Board…". The Colored American. March 26, 1904. pp. 12–13 (listed on page 13, 1st column towards bottom). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Doings of Clubs in the District; Howard Alumni Officers" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 21, 1906. pp. 5, 7th column near top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
^ "Bethel Literary and Historical Association; Officers" (PDF). The Washington Bee. December 21, 1907. pp. 4, 3rd column middle. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The Week in Society; Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. November 6, 1909. pp. 5, 2nd column bottom and third column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "No Negro Wanted" (PDF). The Washington Bee. March 9, 1907. pp. 5, 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
^ Thomas, Richard Walter (2006). Lights of the spirit: historical portraits of Black Bahá'ís in North America. US Baha'i Publishing Trust. pp. 32–33. ISBN 978-1-931847-26-1. 
^ "Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. April 9, 1910. p. 8 2nd and 3rd column bottom. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Mr. Louis G. Gregory...". The Appeal. Saint Paul, MN, USA. 17 June 1911. p. 2 (5th col, down from top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Week in Society (a talk; "A view of the heavens")" (PDF). The Washington Bee. February 11, 1911. p. 5 (1st column bottom, 2nd column top). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Gregory, Louis George (November 11, 1911). "Bahai Revelation - In Relation to Christianity and Other Religion; Scope, History and Prescepts" (PDF). The Washington Bee. p. 1 (1st column top into 2nd). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Parsons, Agnes (1996). Hollinger, Richard, ed. `Abdu'l-Bahá in America; Agnes Parsons' Diary. US: Kalimat Press. pp. 23–26, 31–34. ISBN 978-0-933770-91-1. 
^ Musta, Lex (25 March 2009). "Get on the Bus for a Spiritual Journey through DC and Baha'i History". The News. Bahai Faith, Washington DC. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 27 March 2010. 
^ Dr. Ward, Allan L. (1979). 239 Days; `Abdu'-Bahá's Journey in America. US Bahá'í Publishing Trust. pp. 40–41. ISBN 978-0-87743-129-9. 
^ "Bahai Leader May Address Bethel Literary". Washington Bee. 30 March 1912. pp. 2, 4th column. Archived from the original on 3 February 2014. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ `Abdu'l-Bahá (4 June 1912). Du Bois, W. E. Burghardt; MacLean, M. D., eds. "The Brotherbood of Man". The Crisis; A Record of the Darker Races. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 04 (2): 49–52. Retrieved 4 February 2010. 
^ Lowery, Rev. L. E. (February 19, 1921). "Rev. L. E. Lowery's Column; The Bahai Movement". The Southern indicator. Columbia, SC, USA. p. 6 (3rd col, top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ Chandler, Rev. C. W. (18 March 1944). "He Hath Made of One Blood All The Nations". Auckland Star. Auckland, New Zealand. p. 4. Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Bahai Movement". The Dallas Express. Denton, TX, USA. January 3, 1920. p. 9 (3rd col, down from top). Retrieved October 12, 2013. 
^ "Convention for Amity meeting at Big Local …". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 1 November 1924. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The historic thirty-sixth convention". Bahá'í News (170): 1–8. September 1944. 
^ * "Religious group plan convention". The Times. San Mateo, California. 27 April 1926. p. 6. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 

"Comments by The Age editors on sayings of other editors". The New York Age. New York, New York. 23 July 1927. p. 4. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Conference will open here on August 21". The Portsmouth Herald. Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 19 August 1930. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Howard University, (talks by Gregorys)". The New York Age. New York, New York. 31 October 1931. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
. Rogers, J. A (2 December 1950). "Your History". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. p. 7. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 


^ Effendi, Shoghi (collected letters from 1947–57). Citadel of Faith. Haifa, Palestine: US Bahá'í Publishing Trust, 1980 third printing. p. 163.  Check date values in: |date= (help)


Further reading[edit]

Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
The National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the United States (2006-06-28). "Selected profiles of African-American Baha'is". bahai.us. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
Louis Gregory Museum (2003). "About Louis G. Gregory". louisgregorymuseum.org. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
African American History Online (January 2005). "Louis George Gregory's Appearance in State African American History Calendar of South Carolina in 2005". scafricanamericanhistory.com. Retrieved 2014-05-17. 
Morrison, Gayle (2009). "Gregory, Louis George (1874-1951)". Bahá'í Encyclopedia Project. Evanston, IL: National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States. 
Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
Musta, Leonard (2014). Personal Research Notes on Louis George Gregory from 1996-2014. Crofton, MD: Unpublished. 

External links[edit]

Louis Gregory Museum
The Louis Gregory Project
Louis Gregory at Find A Grave
Mr. Gregory's resting place, Eliot, ME







v
t
e


Bahá'í Faith



Central figures



The Báb
Bahá'u'lláh
Abdu'l-Bahá








Scripture



Kitáb-i-Aqdas
Kitáb-i-Íqán
Hidden Words
Tablets of Bahá'u'lláh
Summons





Key figures



Shoghi Effendi
Bahiyyih Khánum
Martha Root
Táhirih
Badí‘
Apostles
Hands of the Cause





Principal teachings



Unity of humanity
Unity of religion
Gender equality
Harmony of science and religion
Auxiliary language





See also



Symbols
Texts
Teachings
Laws
History
Administration
Calendar
Pilgrimage
Prayer
Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louis_George_Gregory&oldid=782356912"					
Categories: 1874 births1951 deathsHands of the CauseAfrican-American Bahá'ísFisk University alumniHoward University alumniConverts to the Bahá'í Faith20th-century Bahá'ísPeople from Charleston, South CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 11:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louis George Gregory - Wikipedia






















 






Louis George Gregory

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search








Louis George Gregory (born June 6, 1874 in Charleston, South Carolina; died July 30, 1951 in Eliot, Maine) was a prominent member of the Bahá'í Faith posthumously appointed a Hand of the Cause, the highest appointed position in the Bahá'í Faith, by Shoghi Effendi.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 Pre-college
1.2 University and professional years


2 As a Bahá'í

2.1 Encountering the religion
2.2 First actions
2.3 Pilgrimage
2.4 1912
2.5 Succeeding years of service
2.6 Later years


3 Notes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Early years[edit]
Pre-college[edit]
He was born on June 6, 1874 to African-American parents liberated during the Civil War whose number included his future stepfather 1st Sgt. George Gregory.[1] His mother was Mary Elizabeth whose mother, Mary, was African and whose father was an enslaver named George Washington Dargan of the Rough Fork plantation in Darlington, South Carolina. When Gregory was four years old, his father, Ebaneezer George died. At seven years of age, Louis was witness to the savage lynching of his grandfather who had taken the family in and who had succeeded in a blacksmith business. Then his mother remarried to George Gregory, who was the only freeman of African descent to join the Union Army from the 3000 in Charleston at the time. George Gregory rose to 1st Sgt. in the 104th United States Colored Troops(USCT) after being recruited by Major Delaney, of African descent. After the war, he was honorifically called Colonel Gregory and his family received a Civil War pension. At this point Louis George Gregory took the name of his step father. Due to his military service, his step-son Louis George Gregory, was introduced in family situations to make friends with the European descent children of Army officers who would visit the home. George Gregory was also a leader in the community, playing a significant role in the inter-racial United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America that upon his death in 1929, the Union put out an advertisement in the Charleston Newspaper[which?] asking all Union members to attend, 1000 of both races did make it to Monrovia Union Cemetery, where headstones to George and Mary Elizabeth stand to this day.
During his elementary schooling, Gregory attended the first public school that was open to both African Americans and whites in Charleston, South Carolina. George and Mary Elizabeth were desperate for a child together, but after many infant deaths, tragically Mary Elizabeth died in 1891 after suffering an illness while giving birth to another infant death three months earlier. To add to Louis' tragedy his older brother Theodore also died the same year. Despite all of that, at the Avery Institute, the leading school for Americans of African descent in Charleston, Louis not only still graduated, but gave the graduation speech entitled, "Thou Shalt Not Live For Thyself Alone." Avery Institute still remembers Louis George Gregory to this day, by prominently displaying his portrait in their preserved classroom.[citation needed]
Significantly, at this point Louis gained a step brother Harrison Gregory, as his step-father remarried Lauretta Gregory. Lauretta's own husband, civil war veteran Louis Noisette had died while she was pregnant with Harrison. The Noisette family is a prominent Charleston family, that hails from Haiti, and may help explain why Louis chose Haiti as his future pioneering home in the 1930s. Philippe Stanislas Noisette was the young son of a Nantes, France horticulturalist for the King of France, and was sent to Haiti to send back exotic flowers. While there he married Celestine, a Haitian of African descent. They fled the violence of the Haitian Revolution to Charleston, SC together with two of Celestine's family members. Because of the miscegenation laws of South Carolina, Philippe was forced to declare Celestine a slave in order to continue to live together. They had six children together. In 1809 there is a record of a refusal of his request to liberate one of the family members through manumission.[citation needed] One of the two men fathered Benjamin who became enslaved by the Solomon family. Benjamin's children recorded in a 1893 deposition that throughout their enslavement their father made clear to them to remember their last name was Noisette rather than that of their enslaver.[citation needed] Harrison escaped enslavement in 1862 and joined the Union Navy on May 6, 1862 in Port Royal, SC. Benjamin also escaped enslavement in 1862 and went on to the freeman's Camp Barker, as it was known then, in Washington DC. And finally Louis' step-brothers father Louis Noisette remained enslaved until African American soldiers liberated Charleston in February 1865.[2] He then joined the 33rd USCT Regiment as a drummer to help liberate his mother and sister who remained enslaved in Savannah. After the war Louis Noisette married Lauretta, and had the child Harrison Noisette who became Harrison Gregory.
University and professional years[edit]
Gregory's generous step-father paid for his first year at Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee where he studied English literature. Using the tailoring skills his mother had taught him he managed to manage the finances needed for the rest of his bachelor's degree. There being no law schools which would accept him in the south, he continued on to Howard University in Washington D.C., one of the few universities to accept black graduate students, to study law and received his LL.B degree in Spring 1902.[3] He was admitted to the bar,[4] and along with another young lawyer, James A. Cobb, opened a law office in Washington D.C. The partnership ended in 1906, after Gregory started to work in the United States Department of the Treasury.[5] In 1904 Gregory was listed as a supporter of the committee for a celebration of Booker T Washington.[6] In 1906 Gregory served as vice president of the Howard University Law School Alumni association.[7] Gregory had been attracted to the Niagara Movement[8] and active in the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization devoted to discussing issues of the day - he had been elected a vice president in 1907[9] and president in 1909.[10] Meanwhile, Gregory was visible in the newspapers over racist incidents.[11]
As a Bahá'í[edit]
Encountering the religion[edit]
At the Treasury Department Gregory met Thomas H. Gibbs, with whom he formed a close relationship. Gibbs, while not being a Bahá'í himself, shared information about the religion to Gregory, and Gregory attended a lecture by Lua Getsinger, a leading Bahá'í, in 1907.[12] In that meeting he met Pauline Hannen and her husband who invited him to many other meetings through the next couple of years and Gregory was much affected by the behavior of the Hannens and the religion after having become disillusioned with Christianity.[8] Among the readings Gregory reviewed on the religion was an early edition of The Hidden Words and the meetings were also held among the poor at a school and a Bahá'í view of Christian scripture and prophecy much affected him and presented a framework for a reformulation of society. While the Hannens went on pilgrimage in 1909 by visiting `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in Palestine, Gregory left the Treasury Department and established his practice in Washington D.C. When the Hannens returned, Gregory once again started attending meetings on the religion and the burgeoning Bahá'í community of DC was holding more and more meetings - particularly integrated meetings of the Hannens and some others.[8] `Abdu'l-Bahá also began to communicate either in letters or to those that visited on pilgrimage a preference for integration. On July 23, 1909 wrote to the Hannens that he was an adherent of the Bahá'í Faith:

"It comes to me that I have never taken occasion to thank you specifically for all your kindness and patience, which finally culminated in my acceptance of the great truths of the Bahá'í Revelation. It has given me an entirely new conception of Christianity and of all religion, and with it my whole nature seems changed for the better...It is a sane and practical religion, which meets all the varying needs of life, and I hope I shall ever regard it as a priceless possession."

First actions[edit]
At this point, Gregory started organizing meetings for the religion as well, including one under the auspices of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, a Negro organization of which he was president previously.[13] He also wrote to `Abdu'l-Bahá, who responded to Gregory that he had high expectations of Gregory in the realm of race relations. The Hannens asked that Gregory attend some organizational meetings to help consult on opportunities for the Faith. With such meetings the practical aspects of integration with some Bahá'ís became crystallized while for others it became a strain they had to work to overcome.[8] Gregory received a letter in November 1909 from `Abdu'l-Bahá saying:

"I hope that thou mayest become… the means whereby the white and colored people shall close their eyes to racial differences and behold the reality of humanity, that is the universal truth which is the oneness of the kingdom of the human race…. Rely as much as thou canst on the True One, and be thou resigned to the Will of God, so that like unto a candle thou mayest be enkindled in the world of humanity and like unto a star thou mayest shine and gleam from the Horizon of Reality and become the cause of the guidance of both races."[8]

In 1910 Gregory stopped working as a lawyer and began a long period of service holding meetings and traveling for the religion and wrote and lectured on the subject of racial unity.[8][12] Some initial meetings were held in parallel among the races but `Abdu'l-Bahá made it known that the direction of the community was toward integrated meetings. The fact that upper class white Bahá'ís repeatedly achieved steps towards integration was a confirmation to Gregory of the power of the religion.[8] Gregory, still president of the Bethel Literary and Historical Society, arranged for presentations by several Bahá'ís to the group.[14]
Gregory initiated a major trip through the South. He travelled to Richmond, Virginia, Durham, North Carolina and other locations in North Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina, the city of his family and childhood, and Macon, Georgia where he told people about the religion.[12] In Charleston he is known to have presented talks at the Carpenter's Union Hall and made contact with a priest who had encountered the religion at Green Acre and met Mirzá `Abu'l-Fadl.[8] In Charleston an African American lawyer Alonzo Twine converted, the first Bahá'í of South Carolina, though Gregory's stay was short and he didn't return to Charleston for some years. In the meantime, unbeknownst to Gregory, Twine was committed to a mental institution by his mother and family priest and where he died a few years later - still handing out Bahá'í pamphlets he made himself.[8]
Gregory also began to participate more in the early Bahá'í administration. In February 1911 he was elected to the Washington's Working Committee of the Bahá'í Assembly, the first African-American to serve on that position.
Pilgrimage[edit]
On March 25, 1911, at the behest of `Abdu'l-Bahá, Gregory sailed from New York City through Europe to Egypt and Palestine to go on pilgrimage.[8][12] In Palestine, Gregory met with `Abdu'l-Bahá and Shoghi Effendi and visited the Shrine of Bahá'u'lláh and the Shrine of the Báb. After he had returned to Egypt from Palestine, the discussion of race unity in the United States came about with `Abdu'l-Bahá and the other pilgrims. `Abdu'l-Bahá stated that there was no distinction between the races, and then gave blackberries to each of the pilgrims, which Gregory interpreted as the symbolic sharing of black-coloured fruit. During this time, `Abdu'l-Bahá also started encouraging Gregory and Louisa Mathew, a white Englishwoman who was also a pilgrim, to get to know each other.
After leaving Egypt, Gregory travelled to Germany, before returning to the United States, where he spoke at a number of gatherings to Bahá'ís and their friends. When he returned to the United States he continued to travel mainly the southern United States talking about the Bahá'í Faith but elsewhere as well.[15] He held his first public meeting on the religion after his return to the States in February 1911[16] and published his own article in the Washington Bee in November being inspired by the action of `Abdu'l-Bahá in Britain,[17] when he was also first elected to a Washington Bahá'í working committee.[8]
1912[edit]
1912 was a momentous year for Gregory. In April he was elected to the national Bahá'í "executive board"[8] and assisted during `Abdu'l-Bahá's visit to the United States during which he repeatedly emphasized the oneness of humanity and used black-colored references for pictures of beauty and virtue.[8][12] See `Abdu'l-Bahá's journeys to the West.
There are several prominent engagements where `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke thanks to the efforts of Gregory. The first was on 23 April 1912 when `Abdu'l-Bahá attended several events;[18] first he spoke at Howard University to over 1000 students, faculty, administrators and visitors — an event commemorated in 2009.[19] Then he attended a reception by the Persian Charg-de-Affairs and the Turkish Ambassador;[12] at this reception `Abdu'l-Bahá moved the place-names such that the only African-American present, Gregory, was seated at the head of the table next to himself.[12][20]
Then `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke at Bethel Literary and Historical Society where Gregory had a long history including being president.[12][21]
Later in June `Abdu'l-Bahá addressed the NAACP national convention in Chicago - and reported by W. E. B. Du Bois in The Crisis.[22]




Louis G. and Louisa Mathew Gregory


On September 27, 1912, Gregory and Louisa Mathew married becoming the first Bahá'í interracial couple.[12]
During his travels, whenever he was accompanied by his wife, they received a range of different reactions because interracial marriage was illegal or unrecognized in a majority of the states at that time.
Succeeding years of service[edit]
The struggle of the Washington Bahá'í community, where the Gregories lived, towards fully and only integrated meetings and institutions came about in Spring 1916.[8] That summer `Abdu'l-Bahá's earliest Tablets of the Divine Plan arrived. The Tablet for the South arrived to Joseph Hannen with whom Gregory worked on a committee. By December Gregory had traveled among 14 of the 16 southern states named mostly speaking to student audiences and began a second round in 1917. Complementing Gregory's priorities was the founding of NAACP organizations in South Carolina starting in 1918 though the KKK activities increased the pace of lynchings. Many of the initial organizers of the NAACP were personally known to Gregory.[8] In 1919 after the remaining letters of the `Abdu'l-Bahá arrived and used the example of St. Gregory the Illuminator as the model of effort in the spread of the religion. Hannen and Gregory were subsequently elected to a committee focused on the American South and Gregory focused on two approaches - presenting the religion's teachings on race issue to social leaders as well as to the general public - and initiated his next more extensive trip from 1919 to 1921 often with Roy Williams, an African-American Bahá'í from New York city. During 1920 a pilgrim returned from seeing `Abdu'l-Bahá with a focus on initiating conferences on race issues called "Race Amity Conferences" and Gregory consulted by letter on how to begin. The first one was held May 1921 in Washington DC.
Among the contacts in South Carolina Gregory made was Josiah Morse of the University of South Carolina.[8] As a result, several Bahá'ís speakers would be known at university based events starting in the 1930s. Gregory developed a friendship with Samuel Chiles Mitchell, president of the University of South Carolina (1909–1913), and shared that `Abdu'l-Bahá's views he heard at the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration affected him in his interracial work into the 1930s.[8] In addition to supportful connections there was also increasing opposition. Gregory's January 1921 appearance in Columbia SC registered African-American ministers who warned of his presence and the dangers of his religion though others positively invited Gregory to speak. One of the ministers who opposed him was the self-same minister who assisted in committing the first declared Bahá'í in South Carolina to an institution for the mentally insane.[8][23][24]
Gregory was then the first African-American to be elected to the National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and Canada, a body which he would be elected to in 1922, 1924, 1927, 1932, 1934 and 1946. Correspondence and activities he carried on sometimes was carried in local newspapers in the US and beyond.[25]
In 1924 Gregory toured the country to a number of engagements and this tour he was able to be on stage with fellow African American Bahá'í and prominent thinker of the then developing Harlem Renaissance, Alain LeRoy Locke.[26]
On the personal side his father died in 1929 but Gregory heard his father's commendations for his work, marriage, and principles and was known to hand out pamphlets of the religion though he never officially converted.[8] At the funeral some thousand people came and Gregory read Bahá'í prayers.
In the 1930s Gregory would apply himself in intra- and international developments of the religion. In December 1931 he helped start a Bahá'í study class during a brief visit to Atlanta, and lived in Nashville a number of months helping inquirers from Fisk University who eventually helped found that city's first local Spiritual Assembly.[12] In response to Shoghi Effendi's call to the wide goals of the Tablets of the Divine Plan the United States community arranged a program of action and Gregory, this time with his wife, traveled to and lived in Haiti in 1934 promoting the religion though the Haitian government asked them to leave in a matter of months.[8] In 1940 the Atlanta Bahá'í community struggled over integrated meetings and Gregory was among those tasked with resolving the situation in favor of integrated meetings.[8] In early 1942 Gregory spoke at several black schools and colleges West Virginia, Virginia, and the Carolinas as well as serving as on the first "assembly development" committee especially focused on supporting materials for the growth of the religion in south and Central America. In 1944 Gregory was on the planning committee for the "All-America Convention" which was going to have attendees from all Bahá'í national communities north and south and wrote the convention report for the Bahá'í News national journal[27] and then traveled again starting the winter of 1944 through 1945 among five southern states.[8]
Talks of his and his work in Race Amity conventions organized by Bahá'ís would appear in a variety of newspapers from the 1920s through the 1950s.[28]
Later years[edit]
In December 1948 Gregory suffered a stroke returning from a funeral for a friend[8] and between him and his wife, whose health also declined, began to stay closer to home, now at Green Acre Bahá'í School in Eliot, Maine. Nevertheless, Gregory carried on correspondence with U.S. District Court Judge Julius Waties Waring and his wife in 1950-1 who was involved in Briggs v. Elliott.
Gregory died aged seventy-seven on July 30, 1951. He is buried at a cemetery near the Green Acre Bahá'í school. Significantly, his wife Louisa went for comfort with the Noisette family in New York after his passing.
On his death, Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, cabled to the American Bahá'í community::

"Profoundly deplore grievous loss of dearly beloved, noble-minded, golden-hearted Louis Gregory, pride and example to the Negro adherents of the Faith. Keenly feel loss of one so loved, admired and trusted by 'Abdu'l-Bahá. Deserves rank of first Hand of the Cause of his race. Rising Bahá'í generation in African continent will glory in his memory and emulate his example. Advise hold memorial gathering in Temple in token recognition of his unique position, outstanding services."[29]

This was Shoghi Effendi's first round of appointees as having achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion named Hands of the Cause. Memorial observances of his death were among the first events of the newly arrived Bahá'ís and first converts in Uganda from which Enoch Olinga, the father of victories, would appear in just two years. Bahá'í radio station WLGI is named after Gregory: the Louis Gregory Institute.
Notes[edit]


^ "Mr. Louis George Gregory House #49". DC Bahá'í Tour 2012. 2012. Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ Francone, Brian (Nov 12, 2007). "Service of family member makes history". Savannah Now. Savannah, Georgia. Retrieved May 21, 2014. 
^ "Law Class to Graduate; Arrangements being Completed for Howard University Commencement" (PDF). The Washington Times. May 22, 1902. p. 8 second column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Young Lawyers to Make Debut; Seventy-four will be admitted to practice before Supreme Court on Next Tuesday" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 4, 1902. p. 8 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ J. Clay Smith, Jr. (1 January 1999). Emancipation: The Making of the Black Lawyer, 1844-1944. University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 133, 136. ISBN 0-8122-1685-7. 
^ "The Wizard Banqueted; Washington's Representative Citizens Greet the Taskegeean at the Festive Board…". The Colored American. March 26, 1904. pp. 12–13 (listed on page 13, 1st column towards bottom). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Doings of Clubs in the District; Howard Alumni Officers" (PDF). The Washington Times. October 21, 1906. pp. 5, 7th column near top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
^ "Bethel Literary and Historical Association; Officers" (PDF). The Washington Bee. December 21, 1907. pp. 4, 3rd column middle. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The Week in Society; Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. November 6, 1909. pp. 5, 2nd column bottom and third column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "No Negro Wanted" (PDF). The Washington Bee. March 9, 1907. pp. 5, 5th column top. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
^ Thomas, Richard Walter (2006). Lights of the spirit: historical portraits of Black Bahá'ís in North America. US Baha'i Publishing Trust. pp. 32–33. ISBN 978-1-931847-26-1. 
^ "Bethel Literary" (PDF). The Washington Bee. April 9, 1910. p. 8 2nd and 3rd column bottom. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "Mr. Louis G. Gregory...". The Appeal. Saint Paul, MN, USA. 17 June 1911. p. 2 (5th col, down from top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Week in Society (a talk; "A view of the heavens")" (PDF). The Washington Bee. February 11, 1911. p. 5 (1st column bottom, 2nd column top). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Gregory, Louis George (November 11, 1911). "Bahai Revelation - In Relation to Christianity and Other Religion; Scope, History and Prescepts" (PDF). The Washington Bee. p. 1 (1st column top into 2nd). Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ Parsons, Agnes (1996). Hollinger, Richard, ed. `Abdu'l-Bahá in America; Agnes Parsons' Diary. US: Kalimat Press. pp. 23–26, 31–34. ISBN 978-0-933770-91-1. 
^ Musta, Lex (25 March 2009). "Get on the Bus for a Spiritual Journey through DC and Baha'i History". The News. Bahai Faith, Washington DC. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 27 March 2010. 
^ Dr. Ward, Allan L. (1979). 239 Days; `Abdu'-Bahá's Journey in America. US Bahá'í Publishing Trust. pp. 40–41. ISBN 978-0-87743-129-9. 
^ "Bahai Leader May Address Bethel Literary". Washington Bee. 30 March 1912. pp. 2, 4th column. Archived from the original on 3 February 2014. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ `Abdu'l-Bahá (4 June 1912). Du Bois, W. E. Burghardt; MacLean, M. D., eds. "The Brotherbood of Man". The Crisis; A Record of the Darker Races. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 04 (2): 49–52. Retrieved 4 February 2010. 
^ Lowery, Rev. L. E. (February 19, 1921). "Rev. L. E. Lowery's Column; The Bahai Movement". The Southern indicator. Columbia, SC, USA. p. 6 (3rd col, top). Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ Chandler, Rev. C. W. (18 March 1944). "He Hath Made of One Blood All The Nations". Auckland Star. Auckland, New Zealand. p. 4. Retrieved Oct 12, 2013. 
^ "The Bahai Movement". The Dallas Express. Denton, TX, USA. January 3, 1920. p. 9 (3rd col, down from top). Retrieved October 12, 2013. 
^ "Convention for Amity meeting at Big Local …". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 1 November 1924. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
^ "The historic thirty-sixth convention". Bahá'í News (170): 1–8. September 1944. 
^ * "Religious group plan convention". The Times. San Mateo, California. 27 April 1926. p. 6. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 

"Comments by The Age editors on sayings of other editors". The New York Age. New York, New York. 23 July 1927. p. 4. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Conference will open here on August 21". The Portsmouth Herald. Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 19 August 1930. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
"Howard University, (talks by Gregorys)". The New York Age. New York, New York. 31 October 1931. p. 10. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 
. Rogers, J. A (2 December 1950). "Your History". The Pittsburgh Courier. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. p. 7. Retrieved May 17, 2014. 


^ Effendi, Shoghi (collected letters from 1947–57). Citadel of Faith. Haifa, Palestine: US Bahá'í Publishing Trust, 1980 third printing. p. 163.  Check date values in: |date= (help)


Further reading[edit]

Venters, Louis E., the III (2010). Most great reconstruction: The Baha'i faith in Jim Crow South Carolina, 1898-1965 (Thesis). Colleges of Arts and Sciences University of South Carolina. ISBN 978-1-243-74175-2. UMI Number: 3402846. 
The National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the United States (2006-06-28). "Selected profiles of African-American Baha'is". bahai.us. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
Louis Gregory Museum (2003). "About Louis G. Gregory". louisgregorymuseum.org. Retrieved 2006-10-06. 
African American History Online (January 2005). "Louis George Gregory's Appearance in State African American History Calendar of South Carolina in 2005". scafricanamericanhistory.com. Retrieved 2014-05-17. 
Morrison, Gayle (2009). "Gregory, Louis George (1874-1951)". Bahá'í Encyclopedia Project. Evanston, IL: National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States. 
Morrison, Gayle (1982). To move the world : Louis G. Gregory and the advancement of racial unity in America. Wilmette, Ill: Bahá'í Publishing Trust. ISBN 0-87743-188-4. 
Musta, Leonard (2014). Personal Research Notes on Louis George Gregory from 1996-2014. Crofton, MD: Unpublished. 

External links[edit]

Louis Gregory Museum
The Louis Gregory Project
Louis Gregory at Find A Grave
Mr. Gregory's resting place, Eliot, ME







v
t
e


Bahá'í Faith



Central figures



The Báb
Bahá'u'lláh
Abdu'l-Bahá








Scripture



Kitáb-i-Aqdas
Kitáb-i-Íqán
Hidden Words
Tablets of Bahá'u'lláh
Summons





Key figures



Shoghi Effendi
Bahiyyih Khánum
Martha Root
Táhirih
Badí‘
Apostles
Hands of the Cause





Principal teachings



Unity of humanity
Unity of religion
Gender equality
Harmony of science and religion
Auxiliary language





See also



Symbols
Texts
Teachings
Laws
History
Administration
Calendar
Pilgrimage
Prayer
Category










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louis_George_Gregory&oldid=782356912"					
Categories: 1874 births1951 deathsHands of the CauseAfrican-American Bahá'ísFisk University alumniHoward University alumniConverts to the Bahá'í Faith20th-century Bahá'ísPeople from Charleston, South CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 May 2017, at 11:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Unauthorized access.