Busted Cemetery Business With Lots Of Red Flags, Confusing Accounting, Trading At 14% Yield - StoneMor Partners L.P. (NYSE:STON) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Busted Cemetery Business With Lots Of Red Flags, Confusing Accounting, Trading At 14% YieldMay.11.17 | About: StoneMor Partners (STON) Grey Owl Capital Long/short equity, long onlyGrey Owl Capital ManagementSummaryWe believe STON has 66% upside to $15/unit based on current dividend.Liquidation value of at least $11/unit.Recent missteps and complicated accounting provide the opportunity.The Company StoneMor Partners L.P. (NYSE:STON) operates 317 cemeteries and 105 funeral homes in 28 states and Puerto Rico. The company provides a complete range of funeral merchandise and services, sold both at the time of need and on a pre-need basis. The company manages more than $840mm in trust assets that ensure the delivery of merchandise and perpetual care of burial plots and vaults. In the twelve months through September 2016, the company performed over 53k burials and over 16k funeral service calls. STON went public in 2004 and has since acquired 185 cemeteries and 98 funeral homes at multiples between 4x-6x EBITDA.[i] Summary STON has an excess of investment red flags:  Dividend cut in half, Recent financial restatements (with qualified letter from auditors), One quarter behind on SEC filings (and counting), and Both the CEO and CFO have left within the last three months.  In addition, the business economics are masked by some of the most unique and confusing accounting we have seen. Yet, we think the stock is worth upwards of $15/unit (compared to a current price of ~$9.00; 66% upside). In addition, we think the downside is protected by liquidation value of at least $11/unit (22% upside). Finally, investors get paid a current yield of 14%. We believe:  STON is not a Ponzi-scheme. It DOES need access to capital markets to fund both growth capital and working capital (because it finances pre-need sales and has legal requirements to fund merchandise trusts). It does NOT raise equity and issue debt to fund distributions. (See appendix for detailed analysis.) STON likely attempted to grow too quickly with two major acquisitions in 2014 and an ill-fated attempt to optimize salesforce productivity. These actions were likely inspired by a new majority owner of the GP who benefits from growth via rising distributions and increased share of distributions. All of these issues can be solved with improved execution; they are not structural. The dividend cut, the qualified auditor opinion for 2015's 10k, the late 2016 10k filing, and the CEO's (likely forced) departure, all appear to be symptoms of the same poor execution. The CFO's resignation is bad optics, but appears to be nothing more than unfortunate timing. STON has enough capital to cover both the new, lower distribution AND any working capital needs from new pre-need sales through the end of 2017. (We are assuming a modest ramp in salesforce numbers and productivity from the lower 2016 levels. A faster ramp could require outside funding for working capital.) We also think that STON has enough capacity on its current line of credit to fund working capital needs in 2018. Efforts are well underway to cure the poor controls cited by Deloitte & Touche in the revised 2015 10k. And, efforts are underway to reset the salesforce. A temporary accounting workforce is in place (we are told over 100 people) at individual cemeteries to clarify the detailed numerous (1000s) of small contracts, some of which are in paper files, that led to the restatement, late 206 filings, and citation for poor controls. The new VP of Sales has been in place since October 2016 and monthly sales reports (released publicly by STON) show progress. Several quarters of covering the dividend, getting current on 2016 10k and Q1 2017 filings, removal of qualified auditor opinion, naming new CEO and CFO, and improved salesforce productivity should act as catalysts to drive the unit price higher. In addition, we are pleased that STON is exploring multiple angles to improve its financial profile: a. land sales (with Cushman and Wakefield) to raise additional capital and, b. the use of insurance to minimize the need to contribute cash to the merchandise trust. Longer-term, we think the business will be able to resume distribution growth and could grow beyond our $15/unit price target. 
 STON - Structural Basics First, one needs to understand the general MLP structure, GP incentives, and the specific working capital needs of STON.  The MLP structure. MLPs are unique structures that distribute almost all of their earnings/cash flow. To grow MLPs need to raise external capital. (And, they "need" to grow because they trade based on both current yield and expected growth.) Critics argue that the structure is inherently flawed because access to external capital is not always available (and often is least available when one needs it most). Supporters argue that the need for external funding is a continual check that ensures good capital allocation. Whether the MLP structure's benefits (no corporate taxes on qualifying income and a higher multiple due to the investor base's yield focus) outweigh the issue of continually having to raise external capital is open to debate. MLP GP incentives. The GP of an MLP has an incentive to grow the common unit (or LP) distributions. As these distributions grow, the GP gets a larger and larger share (incentive distribution rights or IDRs). These should align the interests of the GP and the LP. But, it does incentivize the GP to grow quickly. Maybe too quickly. This could be part of the issue with STON where the two 2014 acquisitions were just too big for STON to effectively swallow. STON's working capital needs. Not only does STON need external funding for growth capital, it needs external funding for working capital to feed ongoing organic growth. A portion of STON's revenue is derived from pre-need sales of funeral services and merchandise. STON provides financing for the vast majority of these sales (and thus grows accounts receivable). In addition, a significant component of the cash STON does take in, is placed into a legally mandated "merchandise trust." This fact is the source of claims by many short sellers that STON is a Ponzi-scheme. We think there is zero evidence to this claim and we will demonstrate that below. However, the accounting is very confusing and thus STON is very susceptible to the Ponzi-scheme claim. 
 Accounting and Economics The most important numbers from an economic standpoint are the cash flow numbers. Investors get confused by the GAAP accrual accounting. We compare 2015 tables below to illustrate. The GAAP income statement (A) contains historical pre-need sales revenue and expenses that are not cash. The GAAP cash flow statement (B) places what are from an economic perspective financing items accounts receivable and merchandise trust contributions in the operating section of the cash flow statement.[i] This creates confusion and leads to the "Ponzi-scheme" charge. Finally, STON previously reported an adjusted EBITDA and distributed cash flow table (C). This is a far more accurate depiction of the current year's cash economics. We like to also include accounts receivable and merchandise trust below the line to see the full picture of that years operations (see our proforma table below). 

 The key metrics to follow are the current sales levels (including all current pre-need sales) and expenses (operating income or adjusted EBITDA), cash charges for interest and maintenance capex, PLUS the funding needs for accounts receivable and the merchandise trusts. We detail those for 2015 below along with our expectations for 2016 - 2019. 

 We believe that there are three critical variables to understand/model when looking at the cash flow economics of STON:  Pre-need sales. The level of pre-need sales is the main variable determining revenue and operating earnings. We expect at-need cemetery sales, funeral home sales, and trust income to be relatively stable and grow at a slightly faster pace than GDP (given aging demographics). With the salesforce rebuild well underway, we expect 2016 to be a trough year, with modest salesforce growth in 2017 and faster improvement in 2018 and 2019. We detail a sample pre-need sale below to explain the flows. Net flows into the merchandise trust. Our model is below. Net flows into accounts receivable. Our model is below. We also model modest (about $5mm net of corporate savings after reduction in force, legal contract rationalization savings and new salesforce and audit expenses). 
 Pre-need Sales Economics The following table details a representative pre-need sale as explained to us by STON. 

 Based on the above table, pre-need sales are clearly profitable. However, because the vast majority of pre-need sales are financed at 90% over a 3-year period and the merchandise trust must be funded immediately, new pre-need sales are cash flow negative. At the same time, a portion of the historical buildup in balance sheet values for deferred sales revenue (non-cash), deferred selling and obtaining costs (non-cash), merchandise trust (cash), and accounts receivable are all released each year. If pre-need sales are greater than the past few years' average, cash flow will likely be negative. If pre-need sales are lower than the past few years' average, cash flow will likely be positive. Merchandise Trust When a pre-need sale is made, cash must be deposited into a merchandise trust to fund the purchase of merchandise. Much of this cash can come out of the trust prior to death, but certain requirements must be met: e.g. a vault must be installed in the ground and a headstone/marker must be engraved and placed with a third-party storage company. We reviewed the last four and three quarter years of detailed merchandise trust disclosure to ascertain:  The rate at which we should expect contributions to flow into the trust - depleting cash flow. We believe the contribution rate is approximately 50% of that year's pre-need sales (rounding from the 49% average in the table above). This is an imprecise number and will depend on product mix sold and the distinct legal requirements for the state in which the merchandise was sold. This matches the merchandise trust contribution in the pre-need sample STON shared with us. The rate at which we should expect distributions to flow out of the trust - increasing cash flow (and from the restricted merchandise trust account into the unrestricted cash on STON's balance sheet). We believe distributions leave the merchandise trust at about 15% of the prior year's trust balance. This assumes about 75% of the trust can come out within five years of a pre-need sale. How much cash is realistically "trapped" within the merchandise trust. Given the 15% that can come out per year and the lower rate of distribution in 2014, 2015, and the beginning of 2016, we think there is ~$30mm in "trapped cash." This is in the ballpark of the more conservative number STON has communicated. Per the company's guidance, we assume $20mm in "trapped cash" is released during 2017. 
 Derivation of these figures is detailed in the following model. These assumptions are then factored into our pro-forma financial model. While market gains/losses will clearly have an impact on trust asset levels and therefore distributions, they are impossible to model so we assume static values. We also assume no acquisitions. 

 Accounts Receivable Like the merchandise trusts, accounts receivable have both a contribution and distribution component. Given the average age of the current AR portfolio, we assume 50% distribution and 55% contribution. Frankly, this doesn't logically match our expectations for these figures exactly (a higher than expected % seems to flow out and a lower % than expected seems to flow in), but it does get close (and is more conservative) than the past three years' trend. And, average age of the AR portfolio and the fact that a significant portion of early year pre-need sales will already have paid the majority of the first of three years' worth of payments partially explains. 

 Timeline On the evening of October 27, 2016, StoneMor cut its dividend in half - from $0.66/unit to $0.33/unit on a quarterly basis ($2.64/unit to $1.32/unit annualized). The unit price closed trading on October 27, 2016, at $24.82. It closed at $13.74 on October 28, 2016, and reached a twelve-month low of $7.65 on April 3 & 4, 2017. Relevant developments just prior to and since cutting the dividend:
  May 2014: American Infrastructure MLP Funds (AIM) purchased a majority interest in the General Partner of Stonemor and invested $55mm in common units to fund near-term acquisitions. AIM also agreed to make available up to $50mm in additional capital to fund future growth.[i] The exact price was not disclosed and because it included acquisition of 68% of the GP it is hard to derive. The common unit low in May 2014 was $23.35 and the high was $25.24. May and June 2014: Immediately following the capital injection from AIM, STON made two large acquisitions. On May 28, STON entered into a 60-year lease & management agreement with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia for 13 cemeteries with an upfront payment of $53mm. On June 10, STON purchased 9 funeral homes, 12 cemeteries, and 2 crematories from Service Corporation International for $53.8mm. This was an unprecedented level of acquisitions over such a short period. September 28, 2015: Named Sean McGrath CFO. Mr. McGrath had previously been CFO of a publicly traded energy MLP. He replaced Timothy Yost who left in May 2015 and had been CFO since April 2012.[ii]  Late 2015: Implemented new sales management practices with intent of limiting churn. The idea was to increase output for top salespeople, requiring fewer salespeople, and then allowing attrition of lowest tier of salesforce where turnover is inefficiently high. Productivity improved but too many salespeople left. Pre-need sales volume began to drop in mid-2016. August 5, 2016: Released Q2 financial results and began commenting on pre-need sales deficiencies. September 2, 2016: Announced intention to restate certain financial statements. The expectation at the time was that this would only involve a change in capital allocation between the general partner and limited partners and have no impact on total revenue, total capital, cash flow, etc.[iii]  October 17, 2016: Dina Kelly named National VP of Sales. October 27, 2016: Temporary reduction in quarterly cash distribution. November 9, 2016: Filed restated 2015 10k, 2016 Q1 and Q2 Qs, and released Q3 financials. December 14, 2016: Host Investor/Analyst Day in NYC January 3, 2016: $20mm private issuance of common units to American Infrastructure MLP Funds @ $8.57/unit. January 23, 2017: Announces departure of Mr. McGrath as CFO.[iv] The company has told us that he will still sign the 2016 10k and is working as necessary on helping the company get to a final document. February 27, 2017: Announces delay in filing form 10-K for 2016. Extended deadline to file 2016 10-K to July 15, 2017. And, expanded leverage ratio in bank loan covenant to 4.25:1.00 through September 20, 2017. March 28, 2017: Announces retirement of Larry Miller as CEO. April 17, 2017: Names board member Leo Pound as Acting Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Pound is said to have previous CEO, COO, and CFO experience in manufacturing and finance businesses, and has worked on turnarounds. 
 Positive Developments/Signals  AIMLP added $20mm at $8.57/unit in January 2017. Oaktree purchased 3.3% of the common units in late 2016. Bloomberg estimates at an average price of $10.33. Senior, unsecured bonds, while CCC+ continue to trade near par. Deloitte & Touche remains the auditor & the former CFO plans to sign the 2016 10k.  Liquidation Value Using GAAP accounting, pre-need sales activity appears to destroy balance sheet value quarter after quarter. As of Q3 2016, there was only $4.26 in partner's capital per unit on the balance sheet. Tangible capital was almost zero per unit. However, this view masks the cash profit that is embedded in the merchandise trusts (there is even more accrual profit if one wants to view the deferred revenue as the source of stored value). Below, we look at the true economic value on the balance sheet. The exercise assumes that all new pre-need sales end and that the existing pre-need sales are released into cash as merchandise is delivered and services are rendered. The average life of the trust is approximately 4 to 5 years. 

 Valuation We estimate that like the majority of MLPs, STON will eventually trade based on dividend yield. It will trade relative to the MLP universe and other yield instruments adjusted for perceived stability and growth of the dividend. We think that after demonstrating it can pay the current dividend, it will trade at a slight risk premium to the current ALPS Alerian MLP ETF (NYSEARCA:AMLP) yield of 7.5%. 


 Downside - Run Off Net Present Value and IRR Calculations We believe the embedded cash value on the balance sheet (as detailed in the "run-off" balance sheet example) puts a floor on the unit's value of upwards of $11/unit. To get to this number, we discount the $14.04 in cash we believe is embedded on the balance sheet assuming a run-off of the pre-need business. 

 This assumes:  Land and assets are worth depreciated cost. (Very unlikely given hard to duplicate and NIMBY nature of cemetery assets. And, given potential for higher and better use of some portion.) There is no value to the ongoing at-need business. Again, seems too conservative given demographic backdrop.  Risks  Salesforce has tapped out low hanging fruit. This is an alternative explanation to the drop in salesforce productivity. We think this is unlikely. STON tells us that current penetration rates in the target population are 20-25% within each geography it operates in. STON believes these can go higher AND there is steady and increasing growth in target population due to demographics. Deloitte resigns as auditor. SEC and/or state AG complaint. Pre-need sales grow too fast and STON is not able to raise new debt and/or equity at accretive levels to fund working capital. Lawsuits take too long and too much money to resolve. (We were told by company, STON has sufficient insurance to cover any damages if granted.) Cremation is a cited risk. While on the rise relative to burials, STON has demonstrated that while lower dollar value, this is more profitable business and thus should have only modest (if any) negative impact.  Pro Forma Financial Model 


 Appendix - STON is NOT a Ponzi-scheme While the company's statement of cash flows includes accounts receivable and merchandise trust fund flows in the operating section, we think it is more accurate when looking at the economics of the business to think of these items as financing. In the table below, we separate out accounts receivable and merchandise trust fund flows as distinct "uses" of cash rather than just look at a "net" operating cash flow number. What is clear is that operating cash flow funded all of the distributions from 2012-2015. Debt and equity issuance were used to fund both working capital and growth capital. 

 Disclosure At the time of this writing, Grey Owl Capital Management, our clients, and Grey Owl Partners, LP, were long STON. Disclaimer This report contains general information that is not suitable for everyone. The information contained herein should not be construed as personalized investment advice. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. There is no guarantee that the views and opinions expressed in this newsletter will come to pass. Investing in the stock market involves the potential for gains and the risk of losses and may not be suitable for all investors. Information presented herein is subject to change without notice and should not be considered as a solicitation to buy or sell any security. Any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to this newsletter or incorporated herein, is included for informational purposes only, and no representation is made as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of that information. The stock we elected to highlight in this report does not necessarily represent all of the securities purchased, sold or recommended by the adviser, and the reader should not assume that investments in the securities identified and discussed were or will be profitable. A complete list of recommendations by Grey Owl Capital Management, LLC may be obtained by contacting the adviser at 1-888-473-9695.
 Grey Owl Capital Management, LLC ("Grey Owl") is an SEC registered investment adviser with its principal place of business in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Grey Owl and its representatives are in compliance with the current notice filing requirements imposed upon registered investment advisers by those states in which Grey Owl maintains clients. Grey Owl may only transact business in those states in which it is notice filed, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from notice filing requirements. This newsletter is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its investment advisory services. Any subsequent, direct communication by Grey Owl with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of Grey Owl, please contact Grey Owl or refer to the Investment Adviser Public Disclosure website (adviserinfo.sec.gov). For additional information about Grey Owl, including fees and services, send for our disclosure statement as set forth on Form ADV using the contact information herein. Please read the disclosure statement carefully before you invest or send money.  [i] AIM is controlled by Bob Hellman. Mr. Hellman is very familiar with STON and the unique regulatory and accounting aspects of the business. He was previously a managing director at MCD Partners which owned Stonemor prior to taking the company public in 2004. In addition, GOCM principals and some clients are LPs in the AIMLP funds that own STON GP and LP units. We have been LPs in various AIMLP funds since 2006 and are familiar with Mr. Hellman and the AIMLP fund investment process. [ii] We have been told that Mr. Yost left at the time to pursue a CFO position with a private company that would not involve constant capital markets activity. [iii] It is our understanding that Mr. McGrath identified the accounting issues, that Deloitte & Touche had signed off on the prior categorizations and controls, and that Deloitte remains the auditor today and is working with the company to rectify the deficient controls.
 [iv] Sean McGrath came from an energy MLP and has gone to a private MLP in the energy business (a fracsand supplier). We have been told that the company is a year out from an IPO and this was a lucrative opportunity that Mr. McGrath could not pass up.  [i] We fully recognize it is convention to include accounts receivable in operating cash flow. But, we think it is useful to separate given the distribution orientation of MLPs and the role rapidly growing pre-need sales plays at STON.  [i] From November 2016 Investor Day slides.
Disclosure: I am/we are long STON. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Services, Personal Services, CFA charter-holdersWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Grey Owl Capital and get email alerts
















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Grey Owl Partners, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Grey Owl Partners, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Grey Owl Partners, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Grey Owl Partners, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001509940Company address: C/O GREY OWL CAPITAL GP, LLC 803 WEST BROAD STREET, SUITE 610 FALLS CHURCH 22046Phone number: 703-459-9411



People related to Grey Owl Partners, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryEric Brugel  C.c/o Grey Owl Capital GP, LLC 803 West Broad Street, Suite 610Falls ChurchVA-- -- Grey Owl Capital GP, LLC803 West Broad Street Suite 610Falls ChurchVA-- -- Grey Owl Capital Management, LLC803 West Broad Street Suite 610Falls ChurchVAErber  Jefferyc/o Grey Owl Capital GP, LLC 803 West Broad Street, Suite 610Falls ChurchVA




Grey Owl Partners, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesGREY CLOAK TECH INC., GREY HAWK EXPLORATION INC., Grey K Fund, LP, GREY K OFFSHORE FUND LTD, Grey Mountain Partners Affiliates Fund III, L.P., Grey Mountain Partners Fund II LP, Grey Mountain Partners Fund III, L.P., Grey Rock Energy Fund II, LP, Grey Rock Energy Fund II-B Holdings, L.P., Grey Rock Energy Fund II-B, LP, Grey Rock Energy Fund, LP, Grey Skies, LLC, Grey Swan Fund LP, Grey Value Opportunity Fund, LP, Greybrook Fort Lauderdale US Limited Partnership












 











Grey Owl Partners, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Brugel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Grey Owl Partners, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Grey Owl Capital Gp, Llc 803 West Broad Street, Suite 610 
    Falls Church, VA, 22046Phone: 703-459-9411 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-29


Amended


$25,212,605


$4,880,757


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-12-29


Amended


$20,331,848


$4,053,164


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-12-31


Amended


$16,278,684


$3,941,439


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-01-07


Amended


$12,337,245


$524,152


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-01-07


Amended


$11,813,093


$1,860,000


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2012-01-09


Amended


$9,953,093


$5,391,493


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2011-01-10


New


$4,561,600


$4,561,600


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 C. Eric Brugel 
 Executive 


 Jeffery Erber 
 Executive 


 Grey Owl Capital Gp, Llc 
 Executive 


 Grey Owl Capital Management, Llc 
 Executive 













GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P.
                    

•   FALLS CHURCH, VA
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Grey OWL Partners is based out of Falls Church.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-29. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




grey owl partners, l.p.


C/O GREY OWL CAPITAL GP, LLC

FALLS CHURCH
VA
                                                        
                                                    22046


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      703-459-9411







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/29/2016
D/A filed on 12/29/2015
D/A filed on 12/31/2014
D/A filed on 01/07/2014
D/A filed on 01/07/2013
D/A filed on 01/09/2012
D filed on 01/10/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-29
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
25,212,605
INDEFINITE


2015-12-29
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
20,331,848
INDEFINITE


2014-12-31
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
16,278,684
INDEFINITE


2014-01-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
12,337,245
INDEFINITE


2013-01-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,813,093
INDEFINITE


2012-01-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
9,953,093
INDEFINITE


2011-01-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,561,600
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-- --  GREY OWL CAPITAL GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



-- --  GREY OWL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



C. ERIC  BRUGEL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JEFFERY   ERBER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P. Delaware - CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Delaware
  /  
GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P.





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P.


 Delaware

 DE-4897864
 



 Unknown



GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P. was formed on 2010-11-12 in Delaware by CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY. Its status is not known.




Save Profile  










FORMATION DETAILS


Registration Number: 4897864
Type: General Limited Partnership
Status: Unknown
Date of Formation: 2010-11-12




OFFICERS



CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
Registered Agent





FILINGS AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE







Certificate of Status $70.00




 
About our Document Delivery service





RELATED COMPANIES



GREY OWL PARTNERS, L.P.
(Delaware)





DID YOU KNOW?



Delaware offers a number of different benefits for those who have businesses there whether those businesses are large or small entities. Large businesses will find that the business law in the state is very flexible when compared to other states.

















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec











Grey Owl Brands - Clearbrook, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Clearbrook



Rice



Rice



                            Grey Owl Brands
                                    



 





















G 


Grey Owl Brands
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



301 TOWER ST NW CLEARBROOK, MN 56634
Get Directions



(218) 776-2665





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Rice
 Contacts Dwight Erickson







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Grey Owl Brands was founded in 2008. Grey Owl Brands specializes in Rice. Grey Owl Brands has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $110,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














