    Jon Griffin | Novant Health Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Jon Kevin  Griffin - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Jon Kevin  Griffin
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Jon Kevin  Griffin. Find out Jon Kevin  Griffin address and contact details. View other people related to Jon Kevin  Griffin - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1300 POST OAK BLVD. STE. 800 HOUSTON 77056 TX




Companies related to Jon Kevin  Griffin
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001396440Main Street Capital CORPDirector 1300 POST OAK BOULEVARD SUITE 800 HOUSTON 77056




Jon Kevin  Griffin on the Web
Persons related to Jon Kevin  Griffin - Main Street Capital CORPNamePositionCityMichael  Appling JRDirector HOUSTONMichael  Appling JRDirector HOUSTONFrench  ArthurHoustonJason B  BeauvaisSVP, GC, CCO, Sec. HOUSTONJOSEPH E  CANONDirector ABILENEJOSEPH E  CANONHOUSTONHartman  CurtisHoustonMagdol  DavidHoustonHyzak  DwayneHoustonVINCENT D  FOSTERChairman and CEO VINCENT D  FOSTERHOUSTONArthur L.  FrenchDirector HOUSTONArthur L.  FrenchDirector HOUSTONMichael S  GalvanVP, Chief Accounting Officer HOUSTONJon Kevin  GriffinDirector HOUSTONWilliam D.  GutermuthHOUSTONWilliam D.  GutermuthDirector HOUSTONCurtis L.  HartmanVice Chairman, CCO, and SMD HOUSTONDwayne L.  HyzakPresident, COO, SMD HOUSTONDwayne L.  HyzakCOO, SMD HOUSTONJOHN EARL  JACKSONDirector JOHN EARL  JACKSONDirector HOUSTONBeauvais  JasonHoustonCanon  JosephHoustonBrian E.  LaneDirector HOUSTONDavid L.  MagdolVice Chairman, CIO and SMD HOUSTONDavid L.  MagdolChief Invest. Officer and SMD HOUSTONShannon  MartinVP, Chief Accounting Officer HOUSTONNicholas  MeserveManaging Director HOUSTONAppling  MichaelHoustonGalvan  MichaelHoustonTodd A.  ReppertHOUSTONTodd A.  ReppertExecutive Vice Chairman HOUSTONStout  RodgerHoustonRobert M  ShufordManaging Director HOUSTONBrent D.  SmithCFO, Treasurer HOUSTONBrent D.  SmithCFO, Treasurer HOUSTONSTEVEN B  SOLCHERDirector HOUSTONRodger A.  StoutEVP HOUSTONRodger A.  StoutEVP HOUSTONReppert  ToddHoustonFoster  VincentHoustonGutermuth  WilliamHouston












 









Jon Kevin Griffin - Houston, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jon Kevin Griffin in Houston, TX


Jon Kevin Griffin

                                                                           Intelius found that Jon Kevin Griffin  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Houston, TX.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jonathan  Griffin


Get Report Now

Age

Jon Kevin Griffin is in his 40s

Jon Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Charlotte, NC
New York, NY

Jon's Relatives

Richard Griffin
Ann Griffin







Jon Kevin Griffin



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis at Novant Health Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jon Kevin Griffin
Get a Criminal Check on Jon Kevin Griffin
Get a Public Record Report on Jon Kevin Griffin
Get a People Search Report on Jon Kevin Griffin


Jon Kevin Griffin's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jon Kevin Griffin has lived as well as Jon Kevin Griffin's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jon Kevin Griffin Has Lived in 3 States
Texas Address for Jon Kevin Griffin


800 H****** A** 

Houston, TX


Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Charlotte, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jon Kevin Griffin

(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(704) ***-****
(936) ***-**** - Houston, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jon Kevin Griffin

j******n@***.net
j*******n@***.org


Get Email Report




Jon Kevin Griffin's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jon Kevin Griffin's academic history.  Find out which schools Jon Kevin Griffin attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jon Kevin Griffin received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jon Kevin Griffin Has Attended 5 Schools
The Graduate School of Business at The University of Chicago Jon Kevin Griffin has a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration               
The Graduate School of Business at The University of Chicago                              Jon Kevin Griffin has a Master of Business Administration degree in Finance               
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill                              Jon Kevin Griffin has a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration               
University of Chicago Booth School of Business                                             
University of Chicago Graduate School of Business                                             


Jon Kevin Griffin's Professional Information
Information regarding Jon Kevin Griffin's professional history.  Find out previous places Jon Kevin Griffin has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jon Kevin Griffin Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Novant Health Inc.
               Title: Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis
Company: Main Street Capital Corp
               Title: Board Member
Jon Kevin Griffin's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis
               Company: Novant Health Inc.
Job Details
               Novant Health is a four-state integrated network of physician clinics, outpatient centers and hospitals that delivers a seamless and convenient healthcare experience to our communities. The Novant Health network consists of more than 1,200 physicians and 25,000 team members who make healthcare remarkable at nearly 500 locations, including 13 medical centers and hundreds of outpatient facilities and physician clinics. Headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Novant Health is committed to making healthcare remarkable for patients and communities, serving more than 4 million patients annually. In 2014, Novant Health provided more than $639 million in community benefit, including charity care and services. Novant Health is ranked as one of the nation's top 20 integrated delivery networks by IMS Health.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Main Street Capital Corp
Job Details
               Main Street Capital Corporation (MSCC) is a principal investment firm focused on providing customized financing solutions to lower middle-market companies with annual revenues between $10 million and $100 million. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring 100% of the equity interests of Main Street Mezzanine Fund, LP (MSMF) and its general partner, Main Street Mezzanine Management, LLC (MSMF GP); acquiring 100% of the equity interests of Main Street Capital Partners, LLC (the Investment Manager); raising capital in an initial public offering (IPO), which was completed in October 2007, and thereafter operating as an internally managed business development company (BDC). MSMF is licensed as a Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA) and the Investment Manager acts as MSMF's manager and investment adviser. The Company invests primarily in secured debt instruments, equity investments, warrants and other securities. Main Street (www.mainstcapital.com) is a principal investment firm that provides long-term debt and equity capital to lower middle market companies and debt capital to middle market companies. Main Street's portfolio investments are typically made to support management buyouts, recapitalizations, growth financings, refinancings and acquisitions of companies that operate in diverse industry sectors. Main Street seeks to partner with entrepreneurs, business owners and management teams and generally provides "one stop" financing alternatives within its lower middle market portfolio. Main Street's lower middle market companies generally have annual revenues between $10 million and $150 million. Main Street's middle market debt investments are made in businesses that are generally larger in size than its lower middle market portfolio companies.
Additional Professional Information on Jon Kevin Griffin

 See Jon Kevin Griffin's LinkedIn Profile



Jon Kevin Griffin's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jon Kevin Griffin


Jon Kevin Griffin's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jon Kevin Griffin's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jon Griffin
Username Matches

                  JonGriffin
                  GriffinJon
                  Jon.Griffin
                  Griffin.Jon
                  Jon_Griffin
                  Griffin_Jon
                  Jon-Griffin
                  Griffin-Jon
                  JGriffin
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Griffin







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Jon Kevin Griffin: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:57 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Main Street Capital Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jon Kevin Griffin  Independent Director, Main Street Capital CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships45$229,990
Background

		Mr. Jon Kevin Griffin serves as a Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis at Novant Health. Mr. Griffin’s responsibilities at the firm primarily includes debt capital market and mergers and acquisition transactions, along with various other strategic analysis projects. From 2007 to October 2012, he served as a Managing Director at Fennebresque & Co., LLC. Mr. Griffin also founded the firm in 2007. Prior to that, he served as a Principal at McColl Partners ... LLC. Mr. Griffin also served as its Partner from 2003 to 2007, where he originated and executed middle market mergers and acquisitions transactions. Prior to that, Mr. Griffin worked in the mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance divisions at Lazard, JP Morgan and Bank of America. He has been an Independent Director of Main Street Capital Corporation since August 3, 2011. Mr. Griffin bulge-bracket investment banking experience consists primarily of executing and originating mergers and acquisitions and fixed income transactions. He has more than 11 years of investment banking experience including five focused exclusively on the middle market. Mr. Griffin has extensive finance and valuation experience, as well as his extensive background in working with middle market companies in an mergers and acquisitions and advisory capacity. He received a Master of Business Administration degree (with honors) from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business in 1999 and Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1994.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1300 Post Oak BoulevardHouston, Texas 77056United StatesPhone: 713-350-6000Fax: 713-350-6042
Board Members Memberships
2011-PresentIndependent DirectorMain Street Capital Corporation
Education
BSBA 1994University Of North Carolina At Chapel HillMBA 1999The University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Other Affiliations
McColl Partners LLCUniversity Of North Carolina At Chapel HillThe University of Chicago Booth School of BusinessFennebresque & Co., LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$200,000Total Calculated Compensation$229,990




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBowen S. Diehl CEO, President & DirectorCapital Southwest Corporation$442.0KKevin M. Rendino Chairman & Chief Executive Officer180 Degree Capital Corp.--Alvin  Murstein Chairman, CEO, Chairman of Medallion Funding Corp and CEO of Medallion Funding CorpMedallion Financial Corp.$1.4MJonathan H. Cohen CEO & Interested DirectorTICC Capital Corp.--Alan B. Offenberg Partner, Chief Executive Officer & Executive DirectorCompass Diversified Holdings LLC--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Main Street Capital Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












GRIFFIN JON KEVIN Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GRIFFIN JON KEVIN
                    

•   HOUSTON, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Griffin JON Kevin is based out of Houston.    WhaleWisdom has at least 12 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Griffin JON Kevin. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GRIFFIN JON KEVIN, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




griffin jon kevin


1300 POST OAK BLVD.

HOUSTON
TX
                                                        
                                                    77056


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (713) 350-6000







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/21/2017
4 filed on 06/30/2017
4 filed on 06/22/2017
4 filed on 05/23/2017
4 filed on 05/03/2017
4 filed on 04/21/2017
4 filed on 03/24/2017
4 filed on 02/27/2017
4 filed on 01/23/2017
4 filed on 01/03/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































































Jon Kevin Johnson Obituary - 2017 - Griffin, GA - Afterlife












Obituaries




Funeral homes




Blogs




Family tree




Add Obituary









 




US











Language





Australia








Canada · Français








Canada · English








England








France








Ireland








New Zealand








Northen Ireland








Scotland








United States








Wales



















afterlife


Obituaries




Funeral homes




Blogs




Family tree




Add Obituary






















ADD A PICTURE


Click the image to upload the photo.

Upload

Please choose an image to upload












As a precaution, your photo must be approved by our administrators. Enter your email so we can notify you when it's verified.

Email address


Please enter a valid email





Submit













Add picture ofJon Kevin Johnson











In loving memory
Jon Kevin Johnson


Passed away : May 6th 2017



Place of Death : Griffin,
Georgia










Send flowers




























Obituary for Jon Kevin Johnson
 Edit

Mr. Jon Kevin Johnson, age 59 of Griffin, passed away on Saturday, May 6, 2017 at Wellstar Spalding Hospital in Griffin. Mr. Johnson was born in Griffin, Georgia on December 3, 1957. He is preceded in death by his wife Lisa Johnson; grandchildren Aislyn and Claudia Isabelle; and his parents Jimmy Key Johnson, Sr. and Rebecca Frances Johnson.
Survivors include his son Russell and his wife Stephanie Johnson of Griffin; grandchildren Maddison and Jakeob; sister Angelyn and her husband Boyd Goss of Newnan ; brother Jimmy and his wife Ruth Johnson of Griffin and several nieces and nephews. 

Source : Conner-Westbury Funeral Home


Words of sympathy










Send flowers to a funeral service, a cemetery or directly to a loved one's home!


Send flowers









Be the first to light Jon Kevin Johnson a candle.




Light







Other Johnson




Rodriquez Nigel Johnson

Feb 12th 2017


Newnan

Obituary page





Mary Johnson

Apr 26th 2017


Duluth

Obituary page





Larry Johnson

May 2nd 2015


Calvary

Obituary page





Ronald Johnson

July 7th 2017


Calvary

Obituary page





Ollie Beatrice Johnson

Oct 25th 2011


Cedartown

Obituary page





Clyde Johnson

Nov 22nd 2013


Rome

Obituary page





James Johnson

Apr 13th 2017


Dawsonville

Obituary page





Ernestine Johnson

June 22nd 2017


Atlanta

Obituary page





Deaths in Griffin




Julie McLean Smith

July 25th 2017


Guyton

Obituary page





Lisa Jean Womack

July 24th 2017


Griffin

Obituary page





Carolyn Brooks Buchanan

July 23rd 2017


Griffin

Obituary page





Betty Ann Schiffli

July 22nd 2017


Griffin

Obituary page





Michael A. Presley

July 20th 2017


Virginia

Obituary page





Linda J. Hunt

July 20th 2017


Griffin

Obituary page





Leon Crowder

July 20th 2017


Griffin

Obituary page





Mary Ann Turner

July 20th 2017


Griffin

Obituary page














 Words of sympathy 





Use Facebook to share a memory.

Nothing will be published to your Facebook wall. Only your name and profile photo will be used below.

;








- RECEIVE OUR -
Obituaries

 By Mail

or

 Facebook



 
Obituaries by name


























More or less




0 year
1 year
2 year
3 year
















Discover the Johnson
's family tree.


Click here




Obituaries by city



Dalton
1,909




Cedartown
2,024




Roswell
2,275




Calvary
1,723




Stockbridge
1,763




Augusta
2,913




Kennesaw
2,579




Atlanta
5,641




Marietta
1,664




Rome
1,665












Thank you
and we will give a donation to the charity of your choice.



Share


View my Candle




















 Share


Light a Candle



Previous








Next


























close this popup


- RECEIVE OUR -
Daily Obituaries
Subscribe now to receive the obituaries for the city of your choice.






By Facebook


 Click here







By Email

























Subscribe












 






















The largest obituary community with over 5 million obituaries and memorials.
Enter your email address and get FREE ACCESS to unlimited obituaries near Lima, OH.

ACCESS SITE
By entering my email above, I agree to receive obituaries near Lima, OH.























Afterlife is a community where photos, memories and lives are conserved forever.





Follow now


or




Follow now



Receive notification emails when someone writes a sympathie message, uploads a photo, updates information or lights a candle.






 














Products - Jon Griffin
















































































Jon Griffin

Welcome!
Simply fill in the form below and you will have instant access to a free Sunday Sound Bath





*We will NEVER share, rent, or sell your information.









Home
About
Products
Events
Contact
 





Products 



These recordings are infused with an intention to move deeper into different places within you. You may be feeling stuck or you feel that there are obstacles and blocks, these sound baths clear your perception and allow you to gain awareness, experience of resolve and induce the given intention.
Jon uses crystal singing bowls, chimes, acoustic guitars, bells, Indian instruments and keyboards to create unique and inspiring sound baths that hold energy to assist you into deeper aspects of clearing, re-aligning, decision making, and harmonizing with your own resonant truth!
These programs have broadcast on MasterWorks Healing Membership site and Healing With The Masters
Each Sound Bath comes in two ways:

Full Program (Sound Bath with a dialog on the intention and closing comments)
Sound Bath (music only)

UPON COMPLETION OF YOUR ORDER ALL PRODUCTS WILL BE DELIVERED VIA EMAIL DIRECTLY TO YOUR INBOX. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR ORDER
 PLEASE CONTACT US HERE!










Are you feeling stuck in any particular area in your life? Or do you feel an overall feeling of “lost”? Release the blocks, clear your perception and gain awareness as this sound bath plays with harmony and dissonance to heighten the experience of resolve and induce clarity. Jon uses crystal singing bowls and creates a unique and inspiring sound bath that holds the energy of clarity to assist you into deeper aspects of clearing, re-aligning, decision making, and harmonizing with your own resonant truth!







This sound bath is perfect for those times when balance seems like a distant memory. Sounds of water from a graceful fountain guide your flow into a deeper sense of Self and invoke the balance of being centered at your core and authentic to your needs. Jon combines deep tones with the dynamic and visceral energy of flowing water to create an opportunity for you to stay connected to the fluidity of balance and authenticity. As you listen, allow the sounds to move through you… cleansing and nurturing your spirit.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.








Have you ever felt disconnected because of a difficult situation? Perhaps there’s an aspect of yourself that you’re having difficulty bringing into a state of allowing. What if you could love your experience without judgments and allow yourself to be right here and right now? From the first note of this sound bath you will feel the energy move through you so that you can progress through situations without resistance or hesitation. The songs of spring birds, acoustic guitars, Indian flutes and chimes accompany the expansive resonance of healing crystal bowls and infuse this sound bath with the energy of acceptance as you feel yourself cycle anew. Simply feel your struggles melt away.







This Sound Bath holds a very powerful grounding energy. The jarring energies pushed through the atmosphere all around the planet on a daily basis can make you feel a little disoriented, ungrounded, flaky or even loopy. Can you relate? The breath is our very life force in this human form and can instantly shift us from reaction to consciousness and connect us to the deeper vibrations of the planet and the celestial bodies. This bath holds the intention of deep breathing—thoughtful meditative breathing—opening your lungs, heart and mind to the ease of the most natural thing we all do. It is definitely one that you will want to listen to frequently to allow yourself to feel a deep connection with Heaven and Earth.







Can you relate to the idea that transformation doesn’t always feel graceful? When difficulties and challenges arise, do you see them as conflict or as opportunity? The heart needs to be able to experience all the ranges of emotions to be able to move through transitions fully. This sound bath holds the energy of the Divine Self, that deepest part of you that can see situations as temporary and challenges as opportunities. The Divine Self can alter energy and transform experience from negative to positive. Whether you’re meditating or going about your day, this sound bath is designed to help you go deeper and move through transition in a state of grace.







Do you ALWAYS act out of what you know is in your best interest? Or do you find yourself saying YES when you want to say NO and NO when you want to say YES!? Would you prefer to feel the vibrational qualities and integrity of your soul? The exquisite energies of vibrating and resonating come naturally from deep within your center, deep within the courage to be in your own Truth. This powerful sound bath guides you deeper into being in your Truth. When the actions of your daily life come into the vibration and resonance of your TRUTH you can then be more authentic in all your choices and deeply feel the beautiful harmony you contribute.







Do you ever feel as though all you have been reaching for is just beyond your fingertips? Or do you get that feeling like you are super close to a breakthrough but don’t know the what or the how? This sound bath has a calming intention of patience and perseverance. We are often most challenged just before reaching that next level, and we can lose sight of our patience of perseverance. It’s easy to want something because we believe we are ready for it. It’s sometimes more challenging to allow it to be ready for us. In this sound bath, crystal bowls meditative chants and instruments encourage our hearts to exercise the patience and perseverance necessary to obtain our next levels!







Do you ever feel a yearning for home? For that deep connection to the eternal? This very special sound bath holds the powerful energy, intention and whale song of home. We’re all on a journey home, humans and whales alike! That journey can take us to some unexpected places, on roads less traveled and even challenge us to swim upstream. Jon shares a recent experience in which he witnessed a mother whale swimming against the currents to connect with her baby whale. In this tender story and special sound bath we are reminded that in our journey home, we have already arrived.







Have you ever wished for more time in a day to get to all those to-do’s? No matter how hard we long for more minutes, we all have the same 24 hours in our day. BUT – What if you could change your relationship to time in a way that is always satiating? This sound bath evokes an appreciation and a new perspective of time. The vibrations bring out an awareness of all the growth and healing you have undergone rather than the tugging of what lies ahead. You will be reminded that you are blossoming forward, not struggling to catch up. As you listen to sounds of nature, crystal bowls and acoustic guitars, you will feel a re-alignment with your relationship to time and a sense of harmony that fills your soul that connects you to the only time that really matters…the present moment.







Do you want to find the peace of meditation in everything you do? Do you have a deep desire to serve? A sense of contribution can illuminate the soul, yet sometimes we forget to recognize the service we bring to our own lives and to the lives of others. This sound bath holds the energy and intention of Honoring Seva, the selfless service brought to the actions you do through compassion and respect of the action itself. Honor the love and meditation you bring to your practices, whether it’s a smile to a stranger, staying present in a daily chore or shifting the vibration of the planet through your acts of kindness. This sound bath brings an honoring of your selfless service and the selfless service you are grateful for in others.







Do you feel the struggle of similar situations coming into your awareness over and over again and think ‘why does this keep happening to me’? Do you feel the pain of a seemingly ancient wound? This sound bath holds the intention to guide you deeper into the aspects of clearing karma. Through a heightened awareness of welcoming love, giving love and knowing love through your the resonant pulse of your ONE BIG BEAUTIFUL HEART, you will explore the depths of what clearing karma means for you. Of course if you just want to put your feet up and soak in this sound bath free from all thoughts and begin the clearing … that’s okay too.







Do you ever want a do-over or the feeling of a fresh start? Every moment of every day provides an opportunity to create a new way of being. We exist in a time of huge universal energy shifts and in this sound bath you will connect with the present moment and allow your self to be re-invented, re-invigorated and re-born into each moment. Infused with theta wave activations, this sound bath guides you deeper into meditation and soulful regeneration. Are you ready to feel brand new?





These new sound baths are infused with an intention to move you deeper and hold the energy to assist you in aspects of clearing, re-aligning, decision making, and harmonizing with your own resonant truth!
Each Sound Bath comes in two ways:

Full Program (Sound Bath with a dialog on the intention and closing comments)
Sound Bath (music only)










Do you feel like a hamster running on the manifestation wheel? Do you feel like no matter how much you do, say and spend time at the life you envision ­ it never quite gets there?
This Sound Bath holds the intention of manifestation. First and foremost, YOU are a beautiful manifestation of the divine. This sound bath holds the space for you to know at a core level that right now in this moment you have all that you need to create, to sustain and to release. You will re­align as the radiant being that you are ­ the only one who can experience YOUR life and who pursues YOUR vision and who is that balance between all that was and all that is yet to be. This sound bath brings you to the access point of all creation and manifestation, RIGHT NOW. Prepare to live presently and with awareness so that manifestation comes with great ease.







Do you feel the pressure of expectations, self­-inflicted and by those around you? Do you feel your natural flow thrown “offbeat” by a demanding situation or circumstance? As the world incessantly races around us YOU CAN become the calm center of the spinning top. This sound bath holds the healing energies to wash clean … and allow for the space in your life for new possibilities to show up. You will feel the relief of letting go of expectations in a sweet ahhhhhhh, embracing truth and acceptance right now. Jon invites you to bring your own intention to care most deeply and authentically for yourself. Through this sound bath you will connect with your most authentic experiences of all the senses and become the loving, beautiful, calm and aware being that you TRULY are.







Have you ever felt that layer of an old self wanting to create a barrier like a thick topsoil to the new seedling that is ready to break through!? Or had that sensation like you know you are almost at that breakthrough point but something is keeping you from getting to that next phase? Or maybe you just want that feeling of lightness and newness after a spring rain. This sound bath holds the intention to cleanse and elevate. Soak in these sounds to help clean out what is no longer serving you. Create the space to deepen connections and create the space to elevate. Resonate with love and simplicity going deeper into the aspects of re­aligning, and harmonizing with your own resonant truth!







Do you ever hold back what you are really feeling out of fear of rejection of being misunderstood? Do you ever wish you expressed yourself more often and in a more authentic way? This sound bath holds the energy of Vishuddha, the throat chakra, and the intention of finding your unique expression and resonating with YOUR TRUE VOICE. It is at the very core of human nature to express and when you stifle your authentic voice you likely feel a missing, a void or a deep frustration. It’s as though the heart chakra love and the solar plexus creative energy wants to rise up and out but you are blocked! This sound bath works with the vibrational tones of the throat chakra to release any blocks so that you can communicate and express freely. Be patient with yourself through this time of awakening the throat chakra, as that beautiful voice of yours finds its resonate truth.







Do you ever get to the end of your day and wonder…what happened, it all just flew by? Do eat a meal and then not remember really going through the act of tasting and enjoying? Do you fully ￼use all of your senses every day with awareness? If you want to live a full, abundant, rich life and expand your sense of time you must connect with your senses ­ ALL OF THEM. This very powerful call holds the intention of sensuality. Sensuality isn’t just for the bedroom, it can be accessed and used as a full awareness of all of your senses any time of day. With so much input of information day in and day out you may find yourself trapped in the myopic dimension of your mind. This sound bath allows you to drop the mind chatter and feel all of the senses. From this creates a fullness and a richness you cannot believe! Live in the senses and feel the overflowing of life.







Do you ever get tired of being the overly‐driven and linear person you think you have to be in order to tackle life’s to‐do lists? Have you ever felt like you were just powering through the motions of life without allowing your creative, loving, and nurturing side to come to the table? This Sound Bath opens you up to the flowing and loving side of yourself that is required to feel the wholeness of life. Male or female, we all have beautiful female energy within that nurtures and encourages new growth. Allow yourself to soak in the resonant waves of this powerful Sound Bath as those beautiful flowers of your soul prepare to blossom.







Have you ever felt a weakness or smallness in life? Have you ever felt a negativity that seemingly zapped your will to push through a difficult life situation? These feelings can sometimes guise themselves as insurmountable. This sound bath holds the intention of strength. No matter what state you might be in, there is a core place in you that is your inner source of strength. Sometimes getting to this well of courage can allude you. In this strength cultivating sound bath you will reconnect to the FACT that you you are a divine being of love and light FIRST and ETERNALLY. From this Sound Bath you will bring forth to the surface a strength you can carry with you to tackle any challenge, big or small. This strength can not only help you but can fortify the bond with Self, community, truth and love.





Do you ever feel out of sync with yourself? Have you felt as though your creativity and your responsibilities are at odds with one another? Do you want an easy way to stimulate creativity, better task performance, focus, calm and balance within?
Life Vibrations™ is a truly simple and effective audio series that uses the principles of binaural beats mixed with music and ambience to produce balance and union within your brain. By sending one tone to the left ear and another slightly different tone to the right ear, a third tone or frequency is generated between your two ears — which literally produces a balancing of the left and right hemispheres of your brain!
The brain has four primary frequencies or wavelengths: Beta, Alpha, Theta and Delta. Each of these brain states correlate with higher productivity, effective motivation, deep relaxation, meditative states and restorative sleep. Jon uses his knowledge of sound along with a variety of instruments, crystal bowls, tone chimes, gongs, pink noise, binaural beats and his own private recordings of nature to activate specific brain waves. Through this science and music, you can enhance each of these brain states and increase your over all harmonic balance. You’ll want to use these every day – and just by playing these you can tune your life vibrations.
Each Life Vibration is 55 minutes in length.










Do you find your thoughts drifting while you are trying to work? Do you have a tough time getting motivated to start on a project (even for something you want to do)? There is a lot of “noise” all around that can affect your ability to focus and be motivated. Generate that focus and motivation from within by stimulating your brain waves. Activate your Beta and Alpha brain waves while listening to music, micro-rhythms and the sounds of the deep forest and tune your frequencies to have higher focus and motivation with this 55 minute life vibration tuning. You’ll be in FLOW with your processes with higher energy, presence and clarity.







Do you find it difficult to relax? Do thoughts and worries come flooding in the moment you want to take a break? Do you allow enough time to unwind and unburden yourself from life’s “situations” that can feel so overwhelming? When you relax do you disconnect – or connect even deeper? Aligning your physical and mental hemispheres with the slower Theta and Delta waves associated with deep restorative rest and relaxation can move you into a subtle harmony resting in the arms of mother earth. The sounds of sacred chimes, Indian instruments, crystal bowls and the long frequencies of the ocean resonate with the larger natural vibrations of the planet in this Life Vibration.







Are you feeling closed or shut down either generally or in a particular situation? Do you feel like you are blocked to receiving love, abundance, joy or peace? Explore the deeper currents of your life with this Life Vibration – Opening and Expansion. Activate the states of being associated with deep meditation, mystical intuitive perception and inspired imagination as you gracefully experience a trance like bliss. We are a reflection of the universe and our universe is a reflection of us. Allowing an opening within creates an expansion beyond. Encompassing Pythagorean harmonic spherical relationships to balance your higher frequencies, you can resonate from your core with the choir of the cosmos. The spherical harmonic relationship of bodies in the universe, correlate to the harmonic balance within each of us and can create an opening and expanding to a deeper knowledge of the self and the universe.







Feeling lost? Feeling disconnected? Feeling pulled in every direction!? Your body cannot “not tell the truth” … so are you listening to what your body is telling you? Aligning your chakras to be in balance is one of the oldest and most sacred ways of creating a sense of balance and harmony within. From the grounding root chakra to the celestial crown chakra, bowls, chimes, tuning forks, sonic frequencies of the Fibonacci sequence and ambient sounds of the river of life generate a brain state and a physical state of alignment. Expect to feel in alignment with who you really are and become more resilient to the negative vibrations around you. This Life Vibration will attune you to the place within that is both solid and flowing, grounded and heavenly in Harmony and Balance.





Perhaps you are going through a transition right now, big or small. Energetically, we all are as this is one of the most poignant times of change in our universe.
These heart-opening songs are inspired by the material of some of the greatest speakers of the human potential movement. This Music has been written and composed with the intention of each of the speakers’ wisdom. By listening to this compilation, you can continue the expansion of opening yourself to the light of that wisdom.
This set includes the full versions of these musical pieces so that you can enjoy them at length. They will motivate, re-activate and prolong your expansion. These songs have held a sacred space for each speaker they have supported; now allow that space to be held for you. Driving in your car, at work or wherever you may be playing on this juicy life adventure… enjoy!





Please refer to our Refund Policy here.




Shopping CartShopping Cart is EmptyVisit The ShopConnect With Jon 
FacebookYoutubeTwitterLinkedIn

See What Others Are Saying 
Testimonials "Hello.  I'm the person who wrote in during Jon Griffin's program about experiencing relief from chronic pain.  The pain is severe enough that I wear a narcotic patch which does have some effect, but nothing I've tried has come close to my body's response to Jon's music sound bath.
Money is tight for me, as it is for so many, but I purchased Jon's package despite that - how could I not?"

- C.E.
LIsten to this Sample Sound Bath 
 



Home
About
Products
Events
Contact
 © 2011 Jon Griffin. All Rights Reserved. Site designed by designKREW.com













	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































GRIFFIN JON KEVIN Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of GRIFFIN JON KEVIN





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
07/14/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
113
38.58
26,463


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
06/26/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
165
38.85
26,350


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
06/14/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
110
38.97
26,185


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
05/15/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
99
38.4
26,075


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
05/02/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
743
40.36
25,976


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
05/01/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
1,869
40.13
25,233


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
04/13/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
98
38.54
23,364


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
03/15/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
101
37.11
23,266


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
02/15/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
100
37.29
23,166


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
01/13/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
101
36.87
23,066


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
12/23/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
147
37.28
22,965


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
12/13/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
100
36.62
22,818


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
11/15/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
101
36.4
22,718


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
10/14/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
107
33.59
22,617


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
09/15/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
104
33.8
22,510


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
08/15/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
102
34.29
22,406


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
07/15/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
106
32.94
22,304


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
06/27/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
163
31.88
22,198


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
06/15/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
106
32.41
22,035


MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
Director
05/16/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
88
31.76
21,929




<< first< previous12next >last >>











Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2913
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1328
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    588
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    475
                    ratings
Rate It


NFLX

68% bullish
                    of
                    325
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



































