


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building in Oregon | FinancialContent Business Page 















Home
Products & Services
Support
About
Contact Us




Online Services
Financial Widgets
Financial Pages
Web Services
Consulting
Desktop Services
Financial Calculations
Stock Data for Excel
Newspaper Services


Advertising Services
For Advertisers
Advertise on our Network
Sites & Reach
For Publishers
Monetization Services
Distribution Services
Content Syndication
Press Release Distribution
News and Blog Syndication
Data Syndication


For Developers
Web Developers
Social App Developers
AJAX Developers
Software Developers
Mobile App Developers
Financial Databases


By Industry
Online Media
Financial Services
Newspaper
Investor Relations
Magazine
Television
Wireless
Wire Services
Radio




Contact Us
Open a Trouble Ticket

Phone:  (888) 688-9880
Documentation
Advertising Formats
Stock Chart API
Fundamental Data
Symbol Map API
Snapshot Quotes


Articles
Adding stock quotes to your website
How to set up your white-labelled stock quote pages
Instructions for setting up DNS/URL masking
Tagging ticker symbols within your stories and in your RSS feed
Integrating Modules and Widgets
Billing Information
Billing Information
Payment Options




About Us
Overview
Management Team
Careers
Partners
Data Partners
Technology Partners
Wire Services


Monthly Newsletter
April 2012 - Setting Up HTML Wrapper for Finance Channel
March 2012 - Stock Quotes for Excel and Most Searched Stocks
February 2012 - Web Services, APIs, Financial Pages and Monetization
View Archive
In the news
11/22/2011: TalkingBizNews - Economy Widget feature
10/27/2011: Top Business and Financial Vertical Ad Networks







	FinancialContent is the trusted provider of stock market information to the media industry.












Markets
Stocks
Funds
Sectors
Tools


Overview
Market News
Market Videos
Currencies
International
Treasury & Bonds




Search InvestCenter



Recent Quotes

View Full List



My Watchlist

Create Watchlist



Indicators

Dow Jones Industrial Average
Nasdaq Composite
Standard & Poors 500
NYSE COMPOSITE INDX
Gold
Crude Oil






















  By:
  American Healthcare Investors via 
  PR Newswire

July 11, 2017 at 15:30 PM EDT

Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building in Oregon



PORTLAND, Ore., July 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., announced today that the REIT has acquired Roseburg Medical Office Building in Roseburg, Oregon.



Built in 2002, the approximately 62,000-square-foot Roseburg Medical Office Building is currently 100 percent triple net leased to Mercy Medical Center, Inc. and Centennial Medical Group with an average remaining lease term in excess of nine years and annual rent escalators between 2 percent and 3 percent. The medical office building is physically connected to the 174-bed Mercy Medical Center and provides a broad range of medical and surgical services, including, but not limited to: physical therapy, imaging, neurosurgery, podiatry and orthopedics. Mercy Medical Center is the largest hospital in Douglas County, Oregon and a member of Catholic Health Initiatives, one of the nation's largest health systems."Roseburg Medical Office Building enjoys an enviable location on the campus of, and with a physical connection to, the region's dominant hospital," said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV. "This acquisition also further expands the geographical diversity of the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV portfolio, as well as establishes a new affiliation with one of the nation's premier health systems."Roseburg Medical Office Building was acquired from Roseburg Surgery Center, LLC, an unaffiliated third party represented by Lee Asher and Chris Bodnar of CBRE, Inc. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV financed the acquisition using cash on hand and borrowings under its revolving line of credit with Bank of America, N.A. and KeyBank, National Association.Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV purchased its first property in June 2016 and has since acquired a portfolio of 28 medical office buildings and senior housing facilities for an aggregate contract purchase price of approximately $341 million. About American Healthcare Investors, LLCAmerican Healthcare Investors is an investment management firm that specializes in the acquisition and management of healthcare-related real estate. One of the world's largest managers of healthcare real estate, the company oversees an approximately 29 million-square-foot portfolio valued at approximately $8.4 billion, based on aggregate purchase price, on behalf of multiple investment programs that include thousands of individual and institutional investors. As of March 31, 2017, this international portfolio includes approximately 600 buildings comprised of medical office buildings, hospitals, senior housing, skilled nursing facilities and integrated senior health campuses located throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. The company and its principals have completed in excess of $25 billion in aggregate acquisition and disposition transactions, more than $15 billion of which have been healthcare-related. American Healthcare Investors is committed to providing investors with access to the potential benefits that healthcare-related real estate ownership can provide. For more information regarding American Healthcare Investors, please visit www.AmericanHealthcareInvestors.com.About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc.Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV intends to build a balanced and diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate assets, focusing primarily on medical office buildings, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior housing and other healthcare-related facilities. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV also seeks to provide: portfolio diversification, preservation of capital, monthly distributions and capital appreciation by increasing the value of its properties for its stockholders. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV believes that it currently qualifies, and intends to elect to be treated, as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2016, and it intends to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT thereafter. The REIT is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC. For more information regarding Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, please visit www.healthcarereitiv.com.About Griffin Capital Company, LLCGriffin Capital Company, LLC ("Griffin Capital") is a leading alternative investment asset manager with approximately $9 billion* in assets under management. Founded in 1995, the privately-held firm is led by a seasoned team of senior executives with more than two decades of investment and real estate experience and who collectively have executed more than 650 transactions valued in excess of $22 billion. The firm manages, sponsors or co-sponsors a suite of carefully curated, institutional quality investment solutions distributed by Griffin Capital Securities, LLC to retail investors through a community of partners, including independent and insurance broker-dealers, wirehouses, registered investment advisory firms and the financial advisors who work with these enterprises. Additional information about Griffin Capital is available at www.griffincapital.com*As of March 31, 2017.This release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to the quality of the tenants at Roseburg Medical Office Building, the leases of the tenants at Roseburg Medical Office Building and the diversification of the company's portfolio. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: the uncertainties relating to the medical needs and local economy of Roseburg, Oregon; the strength and financial condition of Roseburg Medical Office Building and its tenants; the uncertainties relating to changes in general economic and real estate conditions; the uncertainties regarding changes in the healthcare industry; the uncertainties relating to the implementation of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's real estate investment strategy; and other risk factors as detailed from time to time in Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's periodic reports, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date on which such statements were made, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements that may become untrue because of subsequent events.Contact: Damon ElderSpotlight Marketing Communications(949) 427-5172 ext. 702damon@spotlightmarcom.com View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/griffin-american-healthcare-reit-iv-acquires-medical-office-building-in-oregon-300486436.htmlSOURCE  American Healthcare Investors 




























Stock Market JSON API provided by www.cloudquote.net
  Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. 
  By accessing this page, you agree to the following
Privacy Policy and 
  Terms and Conditions.
Press Release Service provided by PRConnect.
  
  Stock quotes supplied by Six Financial
 




































		 
		
		 
	












Financial Widgets
Display market data, financial news or stock quotes - Learn More


Advertising Network
Advertise on FinancialContent's huge network - Learn More


Web Services
Power your internet and wireless applications - Learn More









© Copyright  FinancialContent Services, Inc.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us






Contact Us
(888) 688-9880



Services
Financial Widgets
Financial Pages
Web Services
Consulting
Financial Calculations
Stock Data for Excel
Newspaper Services
For Advertisers
Monetization Services
Content Syndication
Press Release Syndication


Services by Industry
Online Media
Financial Services
Newspaper
Investor Relations
Financial Blog
Corporate Intranets
Digital Signage
Television
Android Developers
iOS Developers
Wire Services
Radio


About Us
Overview
Careers
Management Team
Latest News
Newsletters


Support
Support Articles

Report an issue















































Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building Near Atlanta - Atlanta Business Chronicle









































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




Confluence




Commercial Property Insights




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List





Awards



Nominate for an Award






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event






Signature Events



Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Atlanta




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Atlanta




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Atlanta




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building Near Atlanta






Jun 15, 2017, 2:00pm EDT














ATLANTA, June 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., announced today that the REIT has acquired Lawrenceville Medical Office Building in the Atlanta suburb of Lawrenceville, Georgia.



Built in 2005, the approximately 31,000-square-foot Lawrenceville Medical Office Building is currently 100 percent absolute net leased to Gwinnett Cardiology Services, L.L.C. through May 2023 with 3 percent annual rent escalators and four five-year renewal options. The lease is guaranteed by Gwinnett Health System, Inc., the owner of Gwinnett Hospital System, Inc. which operates the nearby Gwinnett Medical Center — Lawrenceville, which includes 353 acute care beds. Gwinnett Hospital System enjoys an A3 credit rating from Moody's Investors Service and an A+ credit rating from Fitch Ratings.
"Lawrenceville Medical Office Building is a modern, Class A building with quality finishes located near one of the largest hospitals in the region," said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV. "We especially appreciate the single-tenant lease that is guaranteed by an investment grade credit health system, which we believe adds extra value to this property."
Lawrenceville Medical Office Building was acquired from Salem Gwinnett Properties Associates LLC, an unaffiliated third party represented by Lee Asher and Chris Bodnar of CBRE, Inc. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV financed the acquisition using cash on hand, borrowings under its revolving line of credit with Bank of America, N.A. and KeyBank, National Association, and through the assumption of an existing loan totaling approximately $8 million.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV purchased its first property in June 2016 and has since acquired a portfolio of 22 medical office buildings and senior housing facilities for an aggregate contract purchase price of approximately $272 million.
About American Healthcare Investors, LLCAmerican Healthcare Investors is an investment management firm that specializes in the acquisition and management of healthcare-related real estate. One of the world's largest managers of healthcare real estate, the company oversees an approximately 29 million-square-foot portfolio valued at approximately $8.4 billion, based on aggregate purchase price, on behalf of multiple investment programs that include thousands of individual and institutional investors. As of March 31, 2017, this international portfolio includes approximately 600 buildings comprised of medical office buildings, hospitals, senior housing, skilled nursing facilities and integrated senior health campuses located throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. The company and its principals have completed in excess of $25 billion in aggregate acquisition and disposition transactions, more than $15 billion of which have been healthcare-related. American Healthcare Investors is committed to providing investors with access to the potential benefits that healthcare-related real estate ownership can provide. For more information regarding American Healthcare Investors, please visit www.AmericanHealthcareInvestors.com.
About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc.Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV intends to build a balanced and diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate assets, focusing primarily on medical office buildings, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior housing and other healthcare-related facilities. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV also seeks to provide: portfolio diversification, preservation of capital, monthly distributions and capital appreciation by increasing the value of its properties for its stockholders. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV believes that it currently qualifies, and intends to elect to be treated, as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2016, and it intends to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT thereafter. The REIT is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC. For more information regarding Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, please visit www.healthcarereitiv.com.
About Griffin Capital Company, LLCGriffin Capital Company, LLC ("Griffin Capital") is a privately-held, Los Angeles headquartered investment and asset management company with a 22-year track record sponsoring real estate investment vehicles and managing institutional capital. Led by senior executives with more than two decades of real estate experience who have collectively closed transactions representing over $22 billion in value, Griffin Capital and its affiliates have acquired or constructed approximately 58.8 million square feet of space since 1995. Griffin Capital and its affiliates own, manage, sponsor and/or co-sponsor a portfolio consisting of approximately 42* million square feet of space, located in 30 states and the United Kingdom, representing approximately $7.8* billion in asset value, based on purchase price, as of March 31, 2017. Additional information about Griffin Capital is available at www.griffincapital.com.
*Includes the property information related to interests held in certain joint ventures.
This release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to the quality of the tenant at Lawrenceville Medical Office Building and the potential added value the lease guarantee provided by Gwinnett Health System, Inc. may provide. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: the uncertainties relating to the medical needs and local economy of Lawrenceville, Georgia; the strength and financial condition of Lawrenceville Medical Office Building and its tenant; the uncertainties relating to changes in general economic and real estate conditions; the uncertainties regarding changes in the healthcare industry; the uncertainties relating to the implementation of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's real estate investment strategy; and other risk factors as detailed from time to time in Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's periodic reports, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date on which such statements were made, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements that may become untrue because of subsequent events.



Contact:


Damon Elder




Spotlight Marketing Communications




(949) 427-5172 ext. 702




damon@spotlightmarcom.com

 


To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/griffin-american-healthcare-reit-iv-acquires-medical-office-building-near-atlanta-300474849.html
SOURCE  American Healthcare Investors




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited. Atlanta Business Chronicle is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. Atlanta Business Chronicle is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  




10-K: GRIFFIN-AMERICAN HEALTHCARE REIT IV, INC. - MarketWatch




























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









7:48 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: GRIFFIN-AMERICAN HEALTHCARE REIT IV, INC.
    








    By

Published: Mar 1, 2017 4:22 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 






















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The use of the words "we," "us" or "our" refers to Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Holdings, LP, except where the context otherwise requires. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such consolidated financial statements and information have been prepared to reflect our financial position as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, together with our results of operations and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 and for the period from January 23, 2015 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2015. Forward-Looking Statements Historical results and trends should not be taken as indicative of future operations. Our statements contained in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking. Actual results may differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words "expect," "project," "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "continue," "predict," "potential" or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future investments on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate market specifically; legislative and regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts, or REITs; the availability of capital; changes in interest rates; competition in the real estate industry; the supply and demand for operating properties in our proposed market areas; changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, policies and guidelines applicable to REITs; the success of our best efforts initial public offering; the availability of properties to acquire; the availability of financing; and our ongoing relationship with American Healthcare Investors, LLC, or American Healthcare Investors, and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, or Griffin Capital (formerly known as Griffin Capital Corporation), and their affiliates. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Additional information concerning us and our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results, is included herein and in our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Overview and Background Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., a Maryland corporation, was incorporated on January 23, 2015 and therefore we consider that our date of inception. We were initially capitalized on February 6, 2015. We invest in a diversified portfolio of real estate properties, focusing primarily on medical office buildings, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior housing and other healthcare-related facilities. We may also originate and acquire secured loans and real estate-related investments on an infrequent and opportunistic basis. We generally seek investments that produce current income. We intend to elect to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, for federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. On February 16, 2016, we commenced our initial public offering, or our offering, in which we were offering to the public a minimum of $2,000,000 in shares of our Class T common stock, or the minimum offering, and a maximum of $3,000,000,000 in shares of our Class T common stock in our primary offering at a price of $10.00 per share. Effective June 17, 2016, we reallocated certain of the unsold shares of Class T common stock being offered and began offering shares of Class I common stock, such that we are currently offering up to approximately $2,800,000,000 in shares of Class T common stock and $200,000,000 in shares of Class I common stock in our primary offering, and up to an aggregate of $150,000,000 in shares of our Class T and Class I common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, as amended, or the DRIP, aggregating up to $3,150,000,000, or the maximum offering. The shares of our Class T common stock in our primary offering are being offered at a price of $10.00 per share. The shares of our Class I common stock in our primary offering were being offered at a price of $9.30 per share prior to March 1, 2017 and at $9.21 per share for all shares offered on or after March 1, 2017. See Note 21, Subsequent Events - Amendment to Dealer Manager Agreement and Change to Class I Common Stock Offering Price, to the Consolidated Financial Statements that are a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a further discussion. The shares of our Class T and Class I common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP were sold at a price of $9.50 per share prior to January 1, 2017 and at $9.40 per share for all shares issued pursuant to the DRIP on or after January 1, 2017 until our board of directors determines an estimated net asset value, or NAV, per share for our Class T shares. After our board of directors determines an estimated NAV per share of our Class T shares, participants in the DRIP will receive Class T shares and Class I shares, as applicable, at the most recently published estimated NAV per share of our Class T shares. We reserve the right to reallocate the shares of common stock we are offering between the primary offering and the DRIP, and among classes of stock.  Table of Contents  The conditions of our minimum offering were satisfied on April 12, 2016, and we admitted our initial public subscribers as stockholders, excluding shares purchased by residents of Ohio, Washington and Pennsylvania (who were subject to higher minimum offering amounts). Having raised the minimum offering, the offering proceeds were released by the escrow agent to us on April 13, 2016 and were made available for the acquisition of properties and other purposes as disclosed in our prospectus dated February 16, 2016, as supplemented, or our prospectus, as filed with the SEC (provided that subscriptions from residents of Ohio, Washington and Pennsylvania were to continue to be held in escrow until we had received and accepted subscriptions aggregating at least $10,000,000, $20,000,000 and $150,000,000, respectively). The conditions of our minimum offering in Ohio, Washington and Pennsylvania were satisfied on June 14, 2016, July 8, 2016 and February 27, 2017, respectively, and as of such dates we were able to admit Ohio, Washington and Pennsylvania subscribers as stockholders. As of December 31, 2016, we had received and accepted subscriptions in our offering for 11,257,889 aggregate shares of our Class T and Class I common stock, or approximately $112,079,000, excluding subscriptions from residents in Pennsylvania (who we were not able to admit as stockholders until February 27, 2017 when we had received and accepted subscriptions aggregating at least $150,000,000) and shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP. We conduct substantially all of our operations through Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Holdings, LP, or our operating partnership. We are externally advised by Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Advisor, LLC, or Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Advisor, or our advisor, pursuant to an advisory agreement, or the Advisory Agreement, between us and our advisor. The Advisory Agreement was effective as of February 16, 2016 and had a one-year term, subject to successive one-year renewals upon the mutual consent of the parties. The Advisory Agreement was renewed pursuant to the mutual consent of the parties on February 13, 2017 and expires on February 16, 2018. Our advisor uses its best efforts, subject to the oversight and review of our board of directors, to, among other things, research, identify, review and make investments in and dispositions of properties and securities on our behalf consistent with our investment policies and objectives. Our advisor performs its duties and responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement as our fiduciary. Our advisor is 75.0% owned and managed by American Healthcare Investors and 25.0% owned by a wholly owned subsidiary of Griffin Capital, or collectively, our co-sponsors. Effective March 1, 2015, American Healthcare Investors is 47.1% owned by AHI Group Holdings, LLC, or AHI Group Holdings, 45.1% indirectly owned by Colony NorthStar, Inc. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    CLNS, +0.48%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         or Colony NorthStar (formerly known as NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. prior to its merger with Colony Capital, Inc. and NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. on January 10, 2017), and 7.8% owned by James F. Flaherty III, one of Colony NorthStar's partners. We are not affiliated with Griffin Capital, Griffin Capital Securities, LLC, or Griffin Capital Securities, or our dealer manager, Colony NorthStar or Mr. Flaherty; however, we are affiliated with Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Advisor, American Healthcare Investors and AHI Group Holdings.  Table of Contents  Revenue Recognition, Tenant Receivables and Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, or ASC Topic 605. ASC Topic 605 requires that all four of the following basic criteria be met before revenue is realized or realizable and earned: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (iii) the seller's price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Tenant receivables are placed on nonaccrual status when management determines that collectability is not reasonably assured, and thus such revenue is recognized using the cash basis method.  Table of Contents  consolidated balance sheets and are amortized to real estate revenue over the remaining non-cancelable lease term plus any below-market renewal options of the acquired leases with each property.  Table of Contents  Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets Our long-lived assets primarily consist of investments in real estate, which we carry at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. We periodically evaluate the impairment of a real estate investment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. Indicators we consider important and that we believe could trigger an impairment review include, among others, the following:   a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; and   a significant change in the extent or manner in which the asset is used or significant physical change in the asset.  If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted net cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, the estimation of expected future undiscounted net cash flows is inherently uncertain and relies on subjective assumptions dependent upon market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. It requires us to make assumptions related to discount rates, future rental rates, tenant allowances, operating expenditures, property taxes, capital improvements, occupancy levels and the estimated proceeds generated from the future sale of the property. Changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. We adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted net cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.   the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets;   an active program to locate a buyer or buyers and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset has been initiated;   the sale of the asset is probable and the transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year;   the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and   given the actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset, it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan would be made or that the plan would be withdrawn.  . . .  Mar 01, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch






















Quote References


CLNS

+0.07
+0.48%





Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























Colony NorthStar Inc.
U.S.: NYSE: CLNS




$14.66

+0.07
(+0.48%)








Volume1.4M
Open$14.52
High$14.67
Low$14.52
P/E Ratio498.64
Div Yield7.37
Market Cap8.0B
























 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





































































 



 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Initial Tranche of Eight-Facility Northern California 
         










    










 













 











 



















Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Initial Tranche of Eight-Facility Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
American Healthcare Investors  
Jul 05, 2017, 16:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN FRANCISCO, July 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., announced today that the REIT has completed the acquisition of the first of two tranches of the total 327-unit, eight-facility Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio, with properties acquired in the first tranche located in the Northern California communities of Belmont, Fairfield, Menlo Park and Sacramento. The second tranche, comprised of senior housing facilities in Napa and Sonoma, California, is expected to close later this year, but is subject to customary closing conditions and the satisfaction of other requirements as detailed in the respective acquisition agreements, and therefore, no assurances can be given that the second tranche will close within this timeframe or at all.








The five-facility initial tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio totals approximately 134,000 square feet of assisted living, memory care and skilled nursing space. The portfolio is 100 percent occupied and operated by Colonial Oaks Master Tenant, LLC under a 15-year absolute net lease with annual rent escalators of 6.5 percent after the first year and 2.5 percent thereafter. With the inclusion of the initial tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio, Colonial Oaks operates and/or manages 13 senior housing communities in California, Georgia, Louisiana and Texas.
"The addition of the initial tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio further diversifies the growing Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV portfolio both geographically and from an asset mix perspective," said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV. "It also strengthens our relationship with Colonial Oaks, which also leases a senior housing portfolio in Lafayette, Louisiana owned by the REIT."
The initial tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio was acquired from multiple entities affiliated with Nazareth Healthcare, Inc., an unaffiliated third party represented by Grant Goodman and Chad Elliott of Lancaster Pollard & Co., LLC. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV financed the acquisition using cash on hand and borrowings under its revolving line of credit with Bank of America, N.A. and KeyBank, National Association.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV purchased its first property in June 2016 and, as of the date of acquisition of the initial tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio, has acquired a portfolio of 27 medical office buildings and senior housing facilities for an aggregate contract purchase price of approximately $318 million.
About American Healthcare Investors, LLC
American Healthcare Investors is an investment management firm that specializes in the acquisition and management of healthcare-related real estate. One of the world's largest managers of healthcare real estate, the company oversees an approximately 29 million-square-foot portfolio valued at approximately $8.4 billion, based on aggregate purchase price, on behalf of multiple investment programs that include thousands of individual and institutional investors. As of March 31, 2017, this international portfolio includes approximately 600 buildings comprised of medical office buildings, hospitals, senior housing, skilled nursing facilities and integrated senior health campuses located throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. The company and its principals have completed in excess of $25 billion in aggregate acquisition and disposition transactions, more than $15 billion of which have been healthcare-related. American Healthcare Investors is committed to providing investors with access to the potential benefits that healthcare-related real estate ownership can provide. For more information regarding American Healthcare Investors, please visit www.AmericanHealthcareInvestors.com.
About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV intends to build a balanced and diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate assets, focusing primarily on medical office buildings, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior housing and other healthcare-related facilities. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV also seeks to provide: portfolio diversification, preservation of capital, monthly distributions and capital appreciation by increasing the value of its properties for its stockholders. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV believes that it currently qualifies, and intends to elect to be treated, as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2016, and it intends to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT thereafter. The REIT is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC. For more information regarding Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, please visit www.healthcarereitiv.com.
About Griffin Capital Company, LLC
Griffin Capital Company, LLC ("Griffin Capital") is a privately-held, Los Angeles headquartered investment and asset management company with a 22-year track record sponsoring real estate investment vehicles and managing institutional capital. Led by senior executives with more than two decades of real estate experience who have collectively closed transactions representing over $22 billion in value, Griffin Capital and its affiliates have acquired or constructed approximately 58.8 million square feet of space since 1995. Griffin Capital and its affiliates own, manage, sponsor and/or co-sponsor a portfolio consisting of approximately 42* million square feet of space, located in 30 states and the United Kingdom, representing approximately $7.8* billion in asset value, based on purchase price, as of March 31, 2017. Additional information about Griffin Capital is available at www.griffincapital.com.
*Includes the property information related to interests held in certain joint ventures.
This release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to the diversification and growth of the company's portfolio, the company's expectation to close the second tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio, the quality of the tenant at Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio and the relationship between the company and the tenant at Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: the uncertainties relating to the medical needs and local economies of Menlo Park, Belmont, Fairfield and Sacramento, California; the uncertainties relating to the completion and satisfaction of the closing conditions and other requirements to acquire the second tranche of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio; the strength and financial condition of Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio and its tenant; the uncertainties relating to changes in general economic and real estate conditions; the uncertainties regarding changes in the healthcare industry; the uncertainties relating to the implementation of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's real estate investment strategy; and other risk factors as detailed from time to time in Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's periodic reports, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date on which such statements were made, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements that may become untrue because of subsequent events.




 Contact: 
 Damon Elder 



 Spotlight Marketing Communications 



 (949) 427-5172 ext. 702 



 damon@spotlightmarcom.com 




 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/griffin-american-healthcare-reit-iv-acquires-initial-tranche-of-eight-facility-northern-california-senior-housing-portfolio-300483605.html
SOURCE American Healthcare Investors
 Related Links

http://www.AmericanHealthcareInvestors.com
http://www.healthcarereitiv.com
http://www.griffincapital.com



 

















Jul 11, 2017, 15:30 ET
Preview: Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building in Oregon




















Jun 15, 2017, 14:00 ET
Preview: Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building Near Atlanta








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 11, 2017, 15:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office...








 











Jun 15, 2017, 14:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Real Estate
  Commercial Real Estate
  Health Care & Hospitals
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Initial Tranche of Eight-Facility Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio


 News provided by
American Healthcare Investors  
Jul 05, 2017, 16:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building In Oregon - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building In Oregon









PR Newswire




Jul 11, 2017 3:30 PM EDT













 




























































  PORTLAND, Ore., July 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --  American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., announced today that the REIT has acquired Roseburg Medical Office Building in Roseburg, Oregon.     Built in 2002, the approximately 62,000-square-foot Roseburg Medical Office Building is currently 100 percent triple net leased to Mercy Medical Center, Inc. and Centennial Medical Group with an average remaining lease term in excess of nine years and annual rent escalators between 2 percent and 3 percent. The medical office building is physically connected to the 174-bed Mercy Medical Center and provides a broad range of medical and surgical services, including, but not limited to: physical therapy, imaging, neurosurgery, podiatry and orthopedics. Mercy Medical Center is the largest hospital in Douglas County, Oregon and a member of Catholic Health Initiatives, one of the nation's largest health systems. "Roseburg Medical Office Building enjoys an enviable location on the campus of, and with a physical connection to, the region's dominant hospital," said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV. "This acquisition also further expands the geographical diversity of the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV portfolio, as well as establishes a new affiliation with one of the nation's premier health systems."  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























griffin-american healthcare reit iv inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
Griffin American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. operates as a non-traded real estate investment trust. The Company invests in healthcare real estate properties. Griffin American Healthcare REIT IV serves customers in the State of California.




Corporate Information
Address:

Griffin Capital Plaza
1520 East Grand Avenue
El Segundo, CA 90245
United States


Phone:
1-310-469-6100


Fax:
1-310-606-5910


Web url:
www.griffincapital.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV | Griffin Capital


































		About



		Program Details



		Investment Overview



		Healthcare Opportunity



		Acquisition Strategy



		Risk Factors



		Management Team



		Corporate Governance





		Property Portfolio



		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings



		Investment Offerings








  



Investor Support: 888-926-2688
Advisor Support
Contact Us



Griffin Capital | American Healthcare Investors | Investor Login | Access Advisor Tools









		About


 
		Program Details

 
		Investment Overview

 
		Healthcare Opportunity

 
		Acquisition Strategy



 
		Risk Factors

 
		Management Team

 
		Corporate Governance






		Property Portfolio


 
		Auburn Medical Office Building

 
		Battle Creek Medical Office Building

 
		Charlottesville Medical Office Building

 
		Cullman Medical Office Building III

 
		Evendale Medical Office Building

 
		Iron Medical Office Building Portfolio



 
		Lafayette Assisted Living Portfolio

 
		Mint Hill Medical Office Building

 
		Pottsville Medical Office Building

 
		Reno Medical Office Building

 
		Rochester Hills Medical Office Building






		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings


 
		SEC Filings

 
		2017 Press Releases



 
		2016 Press Releases





Investment Offerings


Closed Offerings

Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT


Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT II


Griffin-Benefit Street Partners BDC


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT II


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT III 



Open Offerings

Griffin Institutional Access™ Credit Fund


Griffin Institutional Access™ Real Estate Fund


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV





























		About



		Property Portfolio



		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings



		Investment Offerings









    |   
	
		Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV
                    |   
	
		About


About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV

Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. is a publicly registered, non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that seeks to capitalize on*:
the GROWTH of undeniable demographic trends; the STRENGTH of the healthcare industry; and the EXPERTISE of a management team dedicated exclusively to healthcare real estate.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV is sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, firms whose principals have completed transactions totaling approximately $46 billion in commercial real estate investments since 1990 on behalf of thousands of individual and institutional investors. More than $14 billion of these transactions have been healthcare-related. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
* There is no guarantee that Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. will be able to achieve these investment objectives.







		About



		Program Details



		Investment Overview



		Healthcare Opportunity



		Acquisition Strategy



		Risk Factors



		Management Team



		Corporate Governance





		Property Portfolio



		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings










 

 




 
		Investment Overview

 
		Healthcare Opportunity

 
		Acquisition Strategy



 
		Program Details

 
		Risk Factors

 
		Press Releases



 
		Corporate Governance

 
		SEC Filings

 
		About Us





 
		Executive Team

 
		Broker-Dealers

 
		RIAs



 
		Advisors

 
		Griffin Employee Portal

 
		Contact Us





 



© 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Griffin Capital Securities, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC, is the dealer manager for the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV offering.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV is co-sponsored by Griffin Capital Company, LLC and American Healthcare Investors.
(1) “Current Employment Statistics - CES Table B-1b: Employees on nonfarm payrolls by industry sector and selected industry detail, not seasonally adjusted.” April 1, 2016. “Employment Projections Table 2.3: Industries with the Fastest Growing and Most Rapidly Declining Wage and Salary Employment.” U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. December 8, 2015. http://www.bls.gov.
(2) There is no guarantee that investors will receive a distribution. Distributions may be derived from the proceeds of the offering, from borrowings or from the sale of assets, and there is no limit on the amounts that may be paid from other such sources.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY THE PROSPECTUS. THIS SALES AND ADVERTISING LITERATURE MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO WHICH IT RELATES. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS. AN INVESTMENT IN GRIFFIN-AMERICAN HEALTHCARE REIT IV, INC. INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THIS PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. THIS IS A “BLIND POOL” OFFERING AND AS A RESULT, AN INVESTOR MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EVALUATE THE MERITS OF OUR PROPERTIES PRIOR TO ACQUISITION. THERE IS RISK, IN PART, DUE TO THE LACK OF LIQUIDITY IN OUR SHARES. THE AMOUNT OF DISTRIBUTIONS WE PAY, IF ANY, IS UNCERTAIN. WE MAY PAY DISTRIBUTIONS FROM OFFERING PROCEEDS OR BORROWINGS IN ANTICIPATION OF FUTURE CASH FLOWS. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.






close
SUBMIT

The Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV website is available for use subject to its Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Please click on the highlighted terms to review these. To review a summary of the risk factors related to an investment in the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV program click here.
This material must be read in conjunction with the applicable prospectus in order to understand all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which the material relates. If you have not previously reviewed a prospectus, click here. Otherwise, to proceed, agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH A PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN INVESTMENT IN THIS PRODUCT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THE PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL AND COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Risk Factors: Before purchasing any shares of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., you should consider the following risk factors, as well as those disclosed in our prospectus: (1) there is no public market for the shares of our common stock and there are significant restrictions on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of shares of our common stock; (2) we have no operating history or established financing sources; (3) this is a "blind pool" offering and you will not be able to evaluate the economic merits of our investments prior to their purchase; (4) until we generate operating cash flows sufficient to pay distributions to you, we may pay distributions from the net proceeds of this offering or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flows and we may also be required to sell assets or issue new securities for cash in order to pay distributions; (5) we may incur substantial debt, which could hinder our ability to pay distributions to you or decrease the value of your investment; (6) this is a "best efforts" offering and, if we raise substantially less than the maximum offering, we may not be able to invest in a diversified portfolio; (7) we will rely on our advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations and the selection of our investments and we will pay substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates for these services; (8) many of our officers also are managing directors, officers and/or employees of one of our co-sponsors and other affiliated entities and as a result, our officers will face conflicts of interest; (9) if we do not qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; (10) the amount of distributions we may pay, if any, is uncertain and there is no guarantee of any return on your investment; and (11) we are not obligated, through our charter or otherwise, to effectuate a liquidity event, and we may not effect a liquidity event within our targeted time frame, or at all.



						Please acknowledge that you have received a copy of the prospectus.










close
SUBMIT

The Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV website is available for use subject to its Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Please click on the highlighted terms to review these. To review a summary of the risk factors related to an investment in the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV program click here.
This material must be read in conjunction with the applicable prospectus in order to understand all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which the material relates. If you have not previously reviewed a prospectus, click here. Otherwise, to proceed, agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH A PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN INVESTMENT IN THIS PRODUCT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THE PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL AND COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Risk Factors: Before purchasing any shares of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., you should consider the following risk factors, as well as those disclosed in our prospectus: (1) there is no public market for the shares of our common stock and there are significant restrictions on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of shares of our common stock; (2) we have no operating history or established financing sources; (3) this is a "blind pool" offering and you will not be able to evaluate the economic merits of our investments prior to their purchase; (4) until we generate operating cash flows sufficient to pay distributions to you, we may pay distributions from the net proceeds of this offering or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flows and we may also be required to sell assets or issue new securities for cash in order to pay distributions; (5) we may incur substantial debt, which could hinder our ability to pay distributions to you or decrease the value of your investment; (6) this is a "best efforts" offering and, if we raise substantially less than the maximum offering, we may not be able to invest in a diversified portfolio; (7) we will rely on our advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations and the selection of our investments and we will pay substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates for these services; (8) many of our officers also are managing directors, officers and/or employees of one of our co-sponsors and other affiliated entities and as a result, our officers will face conflicts of interest; (9) if we do not qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; (10) the amount of distributions we may pay, if any, is uncertain and there is no guarantee of any return on your investment; and (11) we are not obligated, through our charter or otherwise, to effectuate a liquidity event, and we may not effect a liquidity event within our targeted time frame, or at all.



						Please acknowledge that you have received a copy of the prospectus.









close
Attention

You are leaving the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV ("GAHRIV") webpage. GAHRIV has no control over this external site and cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by this link. Linking to an external site does not constitute an endorsement by GAHRIV of the information presented on the site.



						Acknowledge and Agree











close











Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV | Griffin Capital




































		About



		Property Portfolio



		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings



		Investment Offerings








  



Investor Support: 888-926-2688
Advisor Support
Contact Us



Griffin Capital | American Healthcare Investors | Investor Login | Access Advisor Tools









		About


 
		Program Details

 
		Investment Overview

 
		Healthcare Opportunity

 
		Acquisition Strategy



 
		Risk Factors

 
		Management Team

 
		Corporate Governance






		Property Portfolio


 
		Auburn Medical Office Building

 
		Battle Creek Medical Office Building

 
		Charlottesville Medical Office Building

 
		Cullman Medical Office Building III

 
		Evendale Medical Office Building

 
		Iron Medical Office Building Portfolio



 
		Lafayette Assisted Living Portfolio

 
		Mint Hill Medical Office Building

 
		Pottsville Medical Office Building

 
		Reno Medical Office Building

 
		Rochester Hills Medical Office Building






		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings


 
		SEC Filings

 
		2017 Press Releases



 
		2016 Press Releases





Investment Offerings


Closed Offerings

Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT


Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT II


Griffin-Benefit Street Partners BDC


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT II


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT III 



Open Offerings

Griffin Institutional Access™ Credit Fund


Griffin Institutional Access™ Real Estate Fund


Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV





























		About



		Property Portfolio



		Forms & Literature



		News & SEC Filings



		Investment Offerings












Investing in America’s Largest andFastest-Growing Industry(1)
Seeking to provide a diversified, income-producing portfolio of healthcare-related assets.(2)
Cullman Medical Office Building III Cullman, AL



Investing in America’s Largest andFastest-Growing Industry(1)
Seeking to provide a diversified, income-producing portfolio of healthcare-related assets.(2)
Cullman Medical Office Building III Cullman, AL





EXPERTISE OF MANAGEMENT
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's management team is dedicated exclusively to healthcare real estate.



EXPERTISE OF MANAGEMENT
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV's management team is dedicated exclusively to healthcare real estate.





 

 








About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV






MANAGEMENT TEAM






WHY HEALTHCARE?






RESOURCES & TOOLS
Marketing Materials • ProspectusSubscription Agreement • Forms






PROGRAM DETAILS






NEWS & SEC FILINGS










News
July 11, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building in Oregon


News
July 05, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Initial Tranche of Eight-Facility Northern California Senior Housing Portfolio


News
June 15, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building Near Atlanta


News
May 26, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Five-Building Senior Housing Portfolio in Greater St. Louis


News
May 24, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Two-Building Medical Office Building Portfolio in Athens, Georgia


News
May 16, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Reports First Quarter 2017 Results


News
March 17, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Class A Medical Office Building in Reno, Nevada


News
March 13, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Medical Office Building in Battle Creek, MI


News
March 06, 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Results


News
December 19, 2016 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Evendale Medical Office Building Near Cincinnati


News
December 06, 2016 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Senior Housing Portfolio in Lafayette, Louisiana


News
November 18, 2016 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Acquires Mint Hill Medical Office Building Near Charlotte










 

 




 
		Investment Overview

 
		Healthcare Opportunity

 
		Acquisition Strategy



 
		Program Details

 
		Risk Factors

 
		Press Releases



 
		Corporate Governance

 
		SEC Filings

 
		About Us





 
		Executive Team

 
		Broker-Dealers

 
		RIAs



 
		Advisors

 
		Griffin Employee Portal

 
		Contact Us





 



© 2017 Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Griffin Capital Securities, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC, is the dealer manager for the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV offering.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV is co-sponsored by Griffin Capital Company, LLC and American Healthcare Investors.
(1) “Current Employment Statistics - CES Table B-1b: Employees on nonfarm payrolls by industry sector and selected industry detail, not seasonally adjusted.” April 1, 2016. “Employment Projections Table 2.3: Industries with the Fastest Growing and Most Rapidly Declining Wage and Salary Employment.” U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. December 8, 2015. http://www.bls.gov.
(2) There is no guarantee that investors will receive a distribution. Distributions may be derived from the proceeds of the offering, from borrowings or from the sale of assets, and there is no limit on the amounts that may be paid from other such sources.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY THE PROSPECTUS. THIS SALES AND ADVERTISING LITERATURE MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO WHICH IT RELATES. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS. AN INVESTMENT IN GRIFFIN-AMERICAN HEALTHCARE REIT IV, INC. INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THIS PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. THIS IS A “BLIND POOL” OFFERING AND AS A RESULT, AN INVESTOR MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EVALUATE THE MERITS OF OUR PROPERTIES PRIOR TO ACQUISITION. THERE IS RISK, IN PART, DUE TO THE LACK OF LIQUIDITY IN OUR SHARES. THE AMOUNT OF DISTRIBUTIONS WE PAY, IF ANY, IS UNCERTAIN. WE MAY PAY DISTRIBUTIONS FROM OFFERING PROCEEDS OR BORROWINGS IN ANTICIPATION OF FUTURE CASH FLOWS. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.






close
SUBMIT

The Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV website is available for use subject to its Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Please click on the highlighted terms to review these. To review a summary of the risk factors related to an investment in the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV program click here.
This material must be read in conjunction with the applicable prospectus in order to understand all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which the material relates. If you have not previously reviewed a prospectus, click here. Otherwise, to proceed, agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH A PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN INVESTMENT IN THIS PRODUCT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THE PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL AND COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Risk Factors: Before purchasing any shares of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., you should consider the following risk factors, as well as those disclosed in our prospectus: (1) there is no public market for the shares of our common stock and there are significant restrictions on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of shares of our common stock; (2) we have no operating history or established financing sources; (3) this is a "blind pool" offering and you will not be able to evaluate the economic merits of our investments prior to their purchase; (4) until we generate operating cash flows sufficient to pay distributions to you, we may pay distributions from the net proceeds of this offering or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flows and we may also be required to sell assets or issue new securities for cash in order to pay distributions; (5) we may incur substantial debt, which could hinder our ability to pay distributions to you or decrease the value of your investment; (6) this is a "best efforts" offering and, if we raise substantially less than the maximum offering, we may not be able to invest in a diversified portfolio; (7) we will rely on our advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations and the selection of our investments and we will pay substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates for these services; (8) many of our officers also are managing directors, officers and/or employees of one of our co-sponsors and other affiliated entities and as a result, our officers will face conflicts of interest; (9) if we do not qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; (10) the amount of distributions we may pay, if any, is uncertain and there is no guarantee of any return on your investment; and (11) we are not obligated, through our charter or otherwise, to effectuate a liquidity event, and we may not effect a liquidity event within our targeted time frame, or at all.



						Please acknowledge that you have received a copy of the prospectus.










close
SUBMIT

The Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV website is available for use subject to its Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Please click on the highlighted terms to review these. To review a summary of the risk factors related to an investment in the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV program click here.
This material must be read in conjunction with the applicable prospectus in order to understand all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which the material relates. If you have not previously reviewed a prospectus, click here. Otherwise, to proceed, agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS MATERIAL MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH A PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN INVESTMENT IN THIS PRODUCT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM WILL BE ATTAINED. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK NOR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES REGULATOR HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES, PASSED ON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR DETERMINED IF THE PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL AND COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Risk Factors: Before purchasing any shares of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., you should consider the following risk factors, as well as those disclosed in our prospectus: (1) there is no public market for the shares of our common stock and there are significant restrictions on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of shares of our common stock; (2) we have no operating history or established financing sources; (3) this is a "blind pool" offering and you will not be able to evaluate the economic merits of our investments prior to their purchase; (4) until we generate operating cash flows sufficient to pay distributions to you, we may pay distributions from the net proceeds of this offering or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flows and we may also be required to sell assets or issue new securities for cash in order to pay distributions; (5) we may incur substantial debt, which could hinder our ability to pay distributions to you or decrease the value of your investment; (6) this is a "best efforts" offering and, if we raise substantially less than the maximum offering, we may not be able to invest in a diversified portfolio; (7) we will rely on our advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations and the selection of our investments and we will pay substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates for these services; (8) many of our officers also are managing directors, officers and/or employees of one of our co-sponsors and other affiliated entities and as a result, our officers will face conflicts of interest; (9) if we do not qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; (10) the amount of distributions we may pay, if any, is uncertain and there is no guarantee of any return on your investment; and (11) we are not obligated, through our charter or otherwise, to effectuate a liquidity event, and we may not effect a liquidity event within our targeted time frame, or at all.



						Please acknowledge that you have received a copy of the prospectus.









close
Attention

You are leaving the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV ("GAHRIV") webpage. GAHRIV has no control over this external site and cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by this link. Linking to an external site does not constitute an endorsement by GAHRIV of the information presented on the site.



						Acknowledge and Agree











close















Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV buys Oregon medical office building - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV buys Oregon medical office building


July 11, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV buys Oregon medical office building
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc, which is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, has acquired Roseburg, Oregon-based Roseburg Medical Office Building. No financial terms were disclosed.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc, which is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, has acquired Roseburg, Oregon-based Roseburg Medical Office Building. No financial terms were disclosed.
PRESS RELEASE
PORTLAND, Ore. (July 11, 2017) — American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc., announced today that the REIT has acquired Roseburg Medical Office Building in Roseburg, Oregon.
Built in 2002, the approximately 62,000-square-foot Roseburg Medical Office Building is currently 100 percent triple net leased to Mercy Medical Center, Inc. and Centennial Medical Group with an average remaining lease term in excess of nine years and annual rent escalators between 2 percent and 3 percent. The medical office building is physically connected to the 174-bed Mercy Medical Center and provides a broad range of medical and surgical services, including, but not limited to: physical therapy, imaging, neurosurgery, podiatry and orthopedics. Mercy Medical Center is the largest hospital in Douglas County, Oregon and a member of Catholic Health Initiatives, one of the nation’s largest health systems.
“Roseburg Medical Office Building enjoys an enviable location on the campus of, and with a physical connection to, the region’s dominant hospital,” said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV. “This acquisition also further expands the geographical diversity of the Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV portfolio, as well as establishes a new affiliation with one of the nation’s premier health systems.” 





Roseburg Medical Office Building was acquired from Roseburg Surgery Center, LLC, an unaffiliated third party represented by Lee Asher and Chris Bodnar of CBRE, Inc. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV financed the acquisition using cash on hand and borrowings under its revolving line of credit with Bank of America, N.A. and KeyBank, National Association.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV purchased its first property in June 2016 and has since acquired a portfolio of 28 medical office buildings and senior housing facilities for an aggregate contract purchase price of approximately $341 million.
About American Healthcare Investors, LLC
American Healthcare Investors is an investment management firm that specializes in the acquisition and management of healthcare-related real estate. One of the world’s largest managers of healthcare real estate, the company oversees an approximately 29 million-square-foot portfolio valued at approximately $8.4 billion, based on aggregate purchase price, on behalf of multiple investment programs that include thousands of individual and institutional investors. As of March 31, 2017, this international portfolio includes approximately 600 buildings comprised of medical office buildings, hospitals, senior housing, skilled nursing facilities and integrated senior health campuses located throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. The company and its principals have completed in excess of $25 billion in aggregate acquisition and disposition transactions, more than $15 billion of which have been healthcare-related. American Healthcare Investors is committed to providing investors with access to the potential benefits that healthcare-related real estate ownership can provide. For more information regarding American Healthcare Investors, please visit www.AmericanHealthcareInvestors.com. 





About Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, Inc.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV intends to build a balanced and diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate assets, focusing primarily on medical office buildings, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior housing and other healthcare-related facilities. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV also seeks to provide: portfolio diversification, preservation of capital, monthly distributions and capital appreciation by increasing the value of its properties for its stockholders. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV believes that it currently qualifies, and intends to elect to be treated, as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2016, and it intends to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT thereafter. The REIT is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, LLC. For more information regarding Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, please visit www.healthcarereitiv.com.
About Griffin Capital Company, LLC
Griffin Capital Company, LLC (“Griffin Capital”) is a leading alternative investment asset manager with approximately $9 billion* in assets under management. Founded in 1995, the privately-held firm is led by a seasoned team of senior executives with more than two decades of investment and real estate experience and who collectively have executed more than 650 transactions valued in excess of $22 billion. The firm manages, sponsors or co-sponsors a suite of carefully curated, institutional quality investment solutions distributed by Griffin Capital Securities, LLC to retail investors through a community of partners, including independent and insurance broker-dealers, wirehouses, registered investment advisory firms and the financial advisors who work with these enterprises. Additional information about Griffin Capital is available at www.griffincapital.com 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV buys Oregon medical office building
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc, which is co-sponsored by American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company, has acquired Roseburg, Oregon-based Roseburg Medical Office Building. No financial terms were disclosed.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 































REIT Lands Battle Creek Medical Office Building





























REIT Lands Battle Creek Medical Office Building
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV acquired a 46,000-square-foot property in Michigan. 

by Laura Calugar | Mar 14, 2017
Mar 14&comma; 2017






Detroit


Midwest


Healthcare



                                    More 



Investment


News









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




 Subscribe to CPE










Battle Creek, Mich.—The co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc., American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Company LLC., recently announced the REIT’s purchase of Battle Creek Medical Office Building, a nearly 46,000-square-foot property in Battle Creek, Mich. Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV financed the acquisition using cash on hand.
The Brookside Surgery Center in Battle Creek, Mich.
Located on a 7.3-acre parcel, at 3600 Capital Ave., the multi-tenant medical office building is currently approximately 97 percent leased and anchored by Ambulatory Surgery Associates LLC, a company that does business as Brookside Surgery Center. Battle Creek Medical Office Building is located within a medical office park adjacent to the newly completed 65,000-square-foot Borgess Health Park.
Situated on the edge of a commercial and residential area, the property houses a plethora of medical practices and services, including: outpatient surgical procedures in general surgery, gynecology, hand surgery, ophthalmology, otolaryngology, orthopedics, pain management, plastic surgery, podiatry and urology. Recently, the Brookside Surgery Center signed a new lease and occupies roughly 14,000 square feet, or 31 percent of gross leasable area, through 2027. The company invested almost $1.2 million in tenant improvements at the property. The remaining leaseholders include a variety of complementary medical tenants, most of whom are on lengthy triple-net leases.
“The property holds a Certificate of Need for Brookside Surgery Center and is in close proximity to Bronson Hospital – Battle Creek and Borgess Health Park, which both may help to ensure the long term stability of the investment,” said Stefan Oh, executive vice president of acquisitions for American Healthcare Investors and Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV, in prepared remarks.
Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV acquired its first property in June 2016 and has since acquired a portfolio of 13 medical office buildings and senior housing facilities. Last year, the Los Angeles-based REIT purchased a Sacramento-area medical office facility.
Image via Google Street View  



Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV

 



















Related Posts








New St. John Providence Medical Center Opens Its Doors

11 May 2017 14:17









Flex-N-Gate Adds Office Space Near Detroit

27 July 2017 15:35









California Investor Acquires Michigan Office Property

17 July 2017 21:04









Madison Realty Capital Sells Richmond Plaza

10 July 2017 16:27









Friedman Secures Buyer for Detroit Office Building

06 July 2017 15:41
















Top Stories







                    Sunfinity Solar: Solar Customers Shouldn’t Pay More for Elect…
                



28 July 2017 17:03







                    Center Core Buys Chicago-Area Office Campus
                



28 July 2017 17:01







                    GATX Moves to Chicago’s Willis Tower
                



28 July 2017 16:55







                    Sheraton DFW Airport Hotel Fetches $46M
                



28 July 2017 16:19







                    Kroger-Anchored Shopping Center Trades in Dallas
                



28 July 2017 14:10







More Top Stories



















