
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Grokstyle is putting computer vision to work on home decor with $2M in funding  |  TechCrunch
























































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFDiscover the frontiers of security and privacy at Disrupt SF 2017								
																			And save $1000 on tickets																												




















Artificial Intelligence







Intel beats earnings expectations as it manages to maintain growth in its Data Center Group














Wit.ai is shutting down Bot Engine as Facebook rolls NLP into its updated Messenger Platform














Callsign pulls in $35M Series A for its adaptive authentication platform













Browse more...








machine learning







Google launches its own AI Studio to foster machine intelligence startups














Ebay to launch visual search tools for finding products using photos from your phone or web














Facebook is hiring a (human) AI Editor













Browse more...








Computer Vision







Ebay to launch visual search tools for finding products using photos from your phone or web














Vicarious gets another $50 million to expand its research team and build smarter robots














This facial recognition system tracks how you’re enjoying a movie













Browse more...









Grokstyle is putting computer vision to work on home decor with $2M in funding


	Posted Apr 4, 2017 by Devin Coldewey




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

Spotify trades free-tier album delays for smaller royalties












One of the things I’ve always wanted from technology is the ability to point my phone at something or take a screenshot, and have it say, here’s what that thing is and here’s where you can buy it. Well, my lavish consumerist dream is starting to come true, and Grokstyle is one company working to make it so — in this case, automatically identifying furniture and home decor from just about any picture or angle.
The basic idea is this: you open an app or web interface, and upload or take a picture of, say, a chair or lamp you like. Any angle, any style. The Grokstyle service immediately returns the closest matches, either including the object itself or ones very like it.
That would of course be very handy for any interior decorator, but ordinary shoppers can make it work, too. See a cool lamp at Restoration Hardware but can’t see yourself spending $500 on it? Maybe CB2 has something similar — Grokstyle would have hooks into individual stores’ inventories so you could check that sort of thing, or sort by price range.
 
Related Articles
WTF is computer vision?
Matroid can watch videos and detect anything within them
Laying a trap for self-driving cars


As a business, it would offer its service as an API that retail apps or web interfaces could call. And having the deep knowledge of what different designers, rooms and regions have put together, it could even recommend, say, an end table to go with the couch you just looked up.
At heart it’s all about computer vision and machine learning, of course: figuring out what the picture is of, then the contours of the piece, the dimensions, colors and so on, and matching that info to a library of millions the company has collected.
“The company started from research at Cornell,” said co-founder and CEO Sean Bell. “We were focused on the question ‘what is it?’ And we developed the best tech for that problem.”
It isn’t easy: lighting, occlusion, weird angles — not to mention the intentions of the user. Did they mean to shoot the table or the chair next to it? And is that walnut or cherry?
Easy or not, they made it work, and the resulting system is so fast it almost looks fake (it isn’t). Watch a prototype in action here:

Co-founder Kavita Bala led the lab that Bell joined as a grad student, and they presented the foundation for Grokstyle’s tech at SIGGRAPH in 2015. As it showed so much promise, they decided to spin the project off as its own company, something Cornell clearly approved of.
“Entrepreneurship at Cornell has become a big deal over the last few years,” Bala said. “We’re very plugged in, they want us to succeed.”
Part of that was, of course, getting hooked up with the people who have the money. Grokstyle started with a grant from the National Science Foundation for $225,000, and have parlayed that into a total of $2 million from a variety of firms and angels. I don’t want to leave anyone out, so I’m just going to quote Sean’s summary:
Canaan Partners, Amino Capital, Neuron.VC, Krishna Bharat (ex-head of Google News), Amit Singhal (ex-head of Google Search), Luc Vincent (VP of Engineering at Lyft), Red Bear Angels (a Cornell angel network), and several other angel investors.
CB Insights liked them enough to include them in the AI 100 list — no small feat, considering the number of AI startups these days. The plan right now is to push hard in the furniture space, but that’s by no means the end of the story.
“We think the algorithm is generalizable,” said Bala. “Multiple people have talked about TV as a use case — if you had the right partners for that…”
Not to mention how this type of tech can be applied in fashion, tourism and any other highly visual market. Furniture, while there’s a great variety of it, is at least stationary and relatively rigid. You don’t have to worry about an ottoman flapping in the wind, or whether a bar stool’s chairs will be in the same place second by second. Shoes and handbags, however, might act as a stepping-off point for the company in that space.
For now the company is working on getting partnerships up and running (what they were, I couldn’t get them to tell me), and further expanding the algorithm’s accuracy and flexibility by hiring “a huge pile of engineers.”
You can learn more about Grokstyle’s systems and what they’re up to (or see about getting API access) over at the company’s website.





0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes




















							machine learning						





							Computer Vision						





							Artificial Intelligence						



Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

Dear Floyd Mayweather, you’re why the SEC exists
4 hours ago | John Mannes






 

Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive
5 hours ago | Josh Constine






 

Foxconn’s long con
6 hours ago | John Biggs






 

What to expect from Tesla as the Model 3 hits the road
7 hours ago | Darrell Etherington









Latest From TechCrunch





 

CRISPR’d human embryos doesn’t mean designer babies are around the corner
44 minutes ago | Sarah Buhr






 

Dear Floyd Mayweather, you’re why the SEC exists
4 hours ago | John Mannes






 

Redfin soars 45% after IPO; CEO calls it ‘Amazon of real estate’
4 hours ago | Katie Roof






 

Using eye smiles to predict the state of your whole face in VR
5 hours ago | Devin Coldewey










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
Spotify trades free-tier album delays for smaller royalties

	Posted Apr 4, 2017  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Software Engineer - Java (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Senior Android and IOS Developer (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Sr Software Engineer (Back End) at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Data Engineer at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Full Stack Developer at Laborocity (Radnor, PA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Battlefield Africa
Battlefield Australia
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								CRISPR’d human embryos doesn’t mean designer babies are around the corner							

								44 minutes ago by Sarah Buhr							



								Dear Floyd Mayweather, you’re why the SEC exists							

								4 hours ago by John Mannes							



								Redfin soars 45% after IPO; CEO calls it ‘Amazon of real estate’							

								4 hours ago by Katie Roof							



								Using eye smiles to predict the state of your whole face in VR							

								5 hours ago by Devin Coldewey							



								Gas pump card skimmer now phones home							

								5 hours ago by John Biggs							



								iRobot’s CEO says the company never planned to sell Roomba home mapping data							

								5 hours ago by Brian Heater							



								Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive							

								5 hours ago by Josh Constine							



								Amazon reportedly acquired GameSparks for $10M to build out its gaming muscle							

								5 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden							



								Foxconn’s long con							

								6 hours ago by John Biggs							



								Unhack the vote							

								6 hours ago by Jon Evans							



 









	Grokstyle Company Profile | VentureDeal






























Subscribe|Contact Us|



homeoverviewfree trialsubscribeservicesuse casesapi feedsreportsfaq


Company Profiles








DOWNLOAD RECORD  
            vCard |
            CSV |
            PDF


















Company Name
 
Grokstyle


Company Status
 
Private & Independent


Industry
 
Digital Media & VR & AR


Mailing Address
 

Undisclosed 
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA  Map



Phone
 
Undisclosed


Website
 
www.grokstyle.com


Company Description
 
GrokStyle does visual search. Given a photo, consumers want answers to questions like What is this product? Where can I buy it?, Show me where/how people are using this product, Who in the world is posting about this product? GrokStyle provides these answers using innovations in deep learning technology.


Profile
 



Social Media
 



Company News
 



Facebook
 



YouTube
 



Funding History
 
Company Transaction List







Company Management











Title
Name
Email
Social


 
 
 


Chief Executive Officer
Bell, Sean




Chief Scientific Officer
Bala, Kavita







Investors
Amino CapitalCanaan PartnersInvestorRed Bear AngelsUndisclosed
















Free Trial
Want unlimited access to the complete database with thousands of technology companies, VCs and transactions for only $25 per month?
Start your Free 14 Day Trial now – no obligation or credit card required.











About VentureDeal
Founded in 2006, VentureDeal is a database that provides the latest information about venture capital firms, venture-backed technology companies and transactions throughout North America.
Learn More »


Home
Overview
Service Firms
Tech Entrepreneurs
Venture Investors


Services
Subscribe
Use Cases



FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Login




© VentureDeal, Inc., Menlo Park, CA. All Rights Reserved.












 




Cornell’s Research Serves the Region and Beyond — Companies › GrokStyle Inc.

















Skip to content





Cornell University
Office of the Vice Provost for Research





Search Cornell









Cornell’s Research Serves the Region and Beyond











Get Listed
Criteria





Small Business Development







Next
Previous

Home
Companies
 Beyond New York State
GrokStyle Inc.








GrokStyle Inc. 
Computer Software, Artificial Intelligence



Products:
Visual Search




	GrokStyle Inc. performs visual search.  Consumers often see an image of a product and have detailed questions about what it is, where to buy it, how it works, and who is using it. GrokStyle provides these answers using innovations in deep learning technology to learn about visual matches and similarities among products by training on millions of images of products in scenes. GrokStyle Inc. develops software for visual search to enable instance recognition of an object. Their software can be applied broadly to domains like interior design, apparel search, real estate search, and product lookup. The company's current focus is on interior product design. GrokStyle provides new capabilities to consumers and retailers to assist in matching a consumer's desired product with the correct or closest matching product based on visual similarity.
Cornell Connection

	GrokStyle was founded by a Cornell professor and PhD student. The company's foundational technology is licensed from Cornell University.


Tags:

Computer Software, Artificial Intelligence CTL










mail
print
add




www.grokstyle.com


Mailing:

GrokStyle Inc.
2443 Fillmore Street, No. 380-4187
San Francisco, CA 94115

founders@grokstyle.com


 


CEO: Sean Bell Chief Scientist: Kavita Bala
Founded:
2015
Employees:
4

















  



Pottery Barn, Ethan Allen and Amazon, why bricks vs. clicks is wrong, Grokstyle, Evine Designer Dream Home | Home Accents Today























 




Search

 






 
eNewsletter Subscription | Subscribe Now | Digital Edition | Buyers Guide | Slideshows
 










 



 



 



 

 







 


















 

 
Thomas Lester
Pottery Barn, Ethan Allen and Amazon, why bricks vs. clicks is wrong, Grokstyle, Evine Designer Dream HomeApril 6, 2017
1.) Pottery Barn's smaller focus
While Williams-Sonoma Inc. recently released its latest round of earnings, the company also announced that Pottery Barn is taking aim at urban Millennials via its newest "Small Spaces" collections.
“We know that the opportunity is often size, because as people move to smaller living arrangements and the urbanization happens the large-scale furniture is difficult,” CEO Laura Alber said on a conference call. Alber said it’s important that the brand go “small enough” and offer the right “value equation” to capture those customers who are moving into their first apartment.

2.) Ethan Allen teams up with Amazon
On April 4, Ethan Allen CEO and Chairman Farooq Kathwari announced that the manufacturer and retailer of furniture has entered into a strategic partnership with e-commerce giant Amazon on the heels of a partnership with Disney. 
"We are pleased to combine Ethan Allen quality and our vertical integration, from manufacturing and logistics to interior design service and our 200 design centers in North America, together with the vast customer base of Amazon," Kathwari said in a press release.
An Ethan Allen Design Studio will be established on Amazon.com that will allow Ethan Allen to offer its high-quality furniture and decorative home accessories to Amazon shoppers. The products will be sold by Ethan Allen and shipped by its white glove operations. It is expected that the Design Studio will open in the summer.

3.) We're fighting the wrong battle
Here's a fascinating analysis from The Motley Fool that examines why the e-commerce vs. brick-and-mortar battle isn't really THE battle it's been made out to be.
At the Shoptalk conference in Las Vegas earlier this year, Deloitte Consulting Chief Retail Innovation Officer Kasey M. Lobaugh noted that online sales (which are roughly 18% of the total) were up about 12% while brick-and-mortar sales rose 2.3%. Losses from brands such as Sears Holdings and Macys (both of which are losing share to online and smaller, more agile retailers) put a bit of a drag on those brick and mortar numbers.
"While some may position the issue in retail as one of online vs. brick-and-mortar, our data shows that the issue is a more complicated blend of volatility and fragmentation of market share from a market where the barriers to entry have dropped and new competitors have flooded the market and stolen share," Lobaugh told The Motley Fool.

4.) Ease of identification
Technology is in constant motion and now it can even go so far as to identify (or get close to) a product by a simple snap of a phone.
That's the idea behind Grokstyle, an app that can hone in on a product from any angle, at any light, and returns the closest matches, either including the object itself or ones very like it, according to a report in TechCrunch.
“The company started from research at Cornell,” Co-founder and CEO Sean Bell told TechCrunch. “We were focused on the question ‘what is it?’ And we developed the best tech for that problem.”
While it's an application with lots of interior design-friendly functions, it's another avenue in which today's consumer is getting smarter. Is your sales staff ready?

5.) The Novogratz, Foley team up with Evine
Evine, a multi-platform commerce channel (that includes e-commerce and TV shopping), is launching its Designer Dream Home event next week.
As part of the launch, it will premiere “The Novogratz Home Collection,” a family-functional and fashionable line of furniture and décor from husband and wife design duo, Robert and Cortney Novogratz (who have a rug collection with Momeni).
Additionally, well-known designer Dann Foley announced that he will have a program on Evine in which many of his signature products will be available. Donny Osmond has also teamed up with the platform to promote his Donny Osmond Home brand.
Is this sort of platform a future avenue for omnichannel commerce?

Wanted: Help in bringing stories like these to Weekly 5 readers. If you see something interesting or noteworthy, drop me a line in the comments below, at tlester@homeaccentstoday.com or on social media via Twitter or Facebook. 



 

Sponsored Links

HAT's "Retail Store Ops Survey"
HAT's "Retail Stars 2016"
HAT's "Regional Style Census"
HAT's "Imports Report"
HAT's "Consumer Buying Trends"
HAT's "Consumer Survey"
HAT's "Accent on Furniture Stores"
HAT's "Direct-to-Consumer Retailers"
 
 
 

 



 

Recent Blog Posts


The truth about Facebook What happens when online brands face reality of in-store competition?Bedding veterans challenge one-size-bed-fits-all claims What is Your Customer Experience?NEXT up...Onions in Jam and Stationery That BloomsFor every disruption, opportunity

 



 




 
 



















 













 




Grokstyle Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























grokstyle inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Grokstyle Inc. provides software solutions. The Company develops visual search recognition software application. Grokstyle seres customers in the State of California.




Corporate Information
Address:

CA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.grokstyle.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































