






Robert G. Gross | Core-Mark International Inc.























Jump to navigation








Login / My Core-Mark



About History
Become A  Customer
LeadershipSenior Executives
Board MembersRobert A. Allen
Stuart W. Booth
Gary F. Colter
Robert G. Gross
Thomas B. Perkins
Harvey L. Tepner
Randolph I. Thornton
J. Michael Walsh


Distribution Centers
NewsArchives

Upcoming Trade Shows

Investor Relations
Careers
Contact



Retailer SolutionsCategory ConsultationFocused Marketing Initiative

Core Partner
Supply ChainVendor Consolidation Initiative

TechnologyBuy Smart and Save
Core-Mark Enterprise Connect
Express Tags


Retailer ProgramsFreshFarm to Market
Fresh Food Fast
Roadmap to Fresh Success

Center StoreCandy End Cap
Core Essentials
Under Counter Rack

FoodserviceCoffee
Food to Go

AlcoholBeer
Spirits
Wine

General MerchandiseCore Gear

Category ManagementSmartStock
SmartSet

Promotional Powere-Power
Promo Power










About

History
Become A  Customer
LeadershipSenior Executives
Board Members

Distribution Centers
NewsArchives

Upcoming Trade Shows









Robert G. GrossDirectorRobert G. Gross, 55, has served as Director of Core-Mark since October 2011. Mr. Gross serves as the Executive Chairman of Monro Muffler Brake, Inc., an undercar service provider headquartered in Rochester, New York, since his appointment in October 2012. Mr. Gross served as Chief Executive Officer of Monro Muffler Brake, Inc since January 1999 and was elected Chairman in August 2007. Prior to joining Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. in 1999, Mr. Gross was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tops Appliance City, Inc., a consumer electronics and appliance retailer based in Edison, New Jersey, from 1995 to 1998. Mr. Gross also held various management positions at Eye Care Centers of America, Inc., a San Antonio, Texas, based optometry company owned by Sears, Roebuck & co., including President and Chief Operating Officer from 1992 through 1994, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 1991 through 1992 and Senior Vice President from 1990 through 1991. Since November 2012, Mr. Gross also serves as a Trustee of the Boyd Group Income Fund (TSX: BYD.UN). Mr. Gross has a B.S. in Finance and a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Buffalo. Mr. Gross was nominated to serve on the Board because he brings more than twenty years of multi-retail experience, an outstanding record in successful capital allocation and proven experience at creating shareholder value.



















Robert G. Gross - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert G. Gross
Board Member at Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert G. Gross? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert G. Gross's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert G. Gross's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert G. Gross's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert G. Gross through your network of contacts.
												








Robert G. Gross's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.


Board Member, 
Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc.


Past
To view Robert G. Gross's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Robert G. Gross's Biography




			Mr. Gross is Executive Chairman of Monro Muffler Brake, Inc., the largest chain of company-operated automotive undercar repair and tire service facilities in the United States. He served as CEO of Monro from 1999 until October 2012. Prior to his time at Monro, he served as Chairman and CEO at Tops Appliance City, Inc. and before that as President and COO at Eye Care Centers of America, Inc., a Sears, Roebuck & Co. company.
		
Source: Boyd Group Income Fund on 07/08/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert G. Gross's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert G. Gross. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert G. Gross's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert G. Gross's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert G. Gross through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert G. Gross


















Robert G. Gross's Connections (51)





Sign up now to view Robert G. Gross's 51 connections »









Frederick M. Danziger
Board Member, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.









Catherine D'Amico
Director of Special Projects, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.









Randolph I. Thornton
Chairman of the Board, Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc.









David Brown
Former Board Member, Boyd Group Income Fund









Stephen C. McCluski
Chairman of the Board, ImmunoGen, Inc.









Allan Davis
Former Chairman of the Board, Boyd Group Income Fund









L. William Krause
Board Member, Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.









Elizabeth A. Wolszon
Board Member, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.









Gene Dunn
Former Board Member, Boyd Group Income Fund









Donald Glickman
Board Member, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

























Gross Robert G | Wyoming MI | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Gross Robert G?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Gross Robert G
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






G







BZ Score:
80







Wyoming, MI









Gross Robert G




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
80







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 




Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 80 does not rank in the top 50% of Michigan contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Gross Robert G, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Gross Robert G Works


Google




Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









1940 28th St SE Suite 200, Grand Rapids, MI 49508

(313) 528-0642 ext. 110


Conrad Consulting & Remodeling LLC
 



License # 2102210867


Grand Rapids, MI



5

2
ratings








125

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














48th and Leonard, Coopersville, MI 49404

(313) 528-0642 ext. 2512


Current Venture Contracting




License # 2102211148


Coopersville, MI



5

2
ratings








122

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














4254 central parkway suite 104, Hudsonville, MI 49426

(313) 528-0642 ext. 100


Payne Restoration LLC
 



License # 2102201227


Hudsonville, MI



5

7
ratings








132

BZ Score


$30K
Avg Project 


2
Projects






Featured Result







Gross Robert G Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Gross Robert G. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Gross Robert G










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Gross Robert G,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





80


Gross Robert G








125


Conrad Consulting & Remodeling LLC







122


Current Venture Contracting








132


Payne Restoration LLC






Request a Quote







License info















Unverified License


StatusUnable To Verify


BuildZoom was not able to verify this license with the licensing board









80




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Michigan:













Does Gross Robert G carry a valid contracting license?



Michigan requires contractors performing any work on residential properties to be licensed with the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs. 











How important is contractor licensing in Michigan?



Contractors in Michigan must complete a 60 hour approved prelicensure education class prior to taking a buisness and law exam. Contractors are required to take continuing education upon renewal of an active license. 











Your liability risk when hiring Gross Robert G



Michigan requires licensed contractors to carry an active workers' compensation policy. Although general liability insurance is not required under Michigan state law, it is always advisable to hire contractors who carry it. Request copies of the certificates for both forms of insurance for your records. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Michigan, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Gross Robert G
We will attempt to deliver your message to Gross Robert G. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.































































ROBERT G GROSS - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            ROBERT G GROSS
                                    



 





















R 


ROBERT G GROSS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



429 E 82ND ST OFC NEW YORK, NY 10028
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gross domestic product - Wikipedia






















 






Gross domestic product

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"GDP" redirects here. For other uses, see GDP (disambiguation).




A map of world economies by size of GDP (nominal) in USD, World Bank, 2014[1]






Selection of GDP PPP data (top 10 countries and blocks, 2016) in no particular order


Gross domestic product (GDP) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services produced in a period (quarterly or yearly). Nominal GDP estimates are commonly used to determine the economic performance of a whole country or region, and to make international comparisons. Nominal GDP per capita does not, however, reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries; therefore using a basis of GDP per capita at purchasing power parity (PPP) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations.



Contents


1 Definition
2 History
3 Determining gross domestic product (GDP)

3.1 Production approach
3.2 Income approach
3.3 Expenditure approach

3.3.1 Components of GDP by expenditure




4 GDP vs GNI

4.1 International standards
4.2 National measurement


5 Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP
6 Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity
7 Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities
8 Limitations and criticisms

8.1 Limitations at introduction
8.2 Further criticisms
8.3 Proposals to overcome GDP limitations


9 Lists of countries by their GDP
10 See also
11 Notes and references
12 Further reading
13 External links

13.1 Global
13.2 Data
13.3 Articles and books





Definition[edit]
The OECD defines GDP as "an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident and institutional units engaged in production (plus any taxes, and minus any subsidies, on products not included in the value of their outputs).”[2] An IMF publication states that "GDP measures the monetary value of final goods and services - that is, those that are bought by the final user - produced in a country in a given period of time (say a quarter or a year)."[3]
Total GDP can also be broken down into the contribution of each industry or sector of the economy.[4] The ratio of GDP to the total population of the region is the per capita GDP and the same is called Mean Standard of Living.
History[edit]
William Petty came up with a basic concept of GDP to defend landlords against unfair taxation during warfare between the Dutch and the English between 1652 and 1674.[5] Charles Davenant developed the method further in 1695.[6] The modern concept of GDP was first developed by Simon Kuznets for a US Congress report in 1934.[7] In this report, Kuznets warned against its use as a measure of welfare (see below under limitations and criticisms). After the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, GDP became the main tool for measuring a country's economy.[8] At that time gross national product (GNP) was the preferred estimate, which differed from GDP in that it measured production by a country's citizens at home and abroad rather than its 'resident institutional units' (see OECD definition above). The switch from "GNP" to "GDP" in the US was in 1991, trailing behind most other nations.
The history of the concept of GDP should be distinguished from the history of changes in ways of estimating it. The value added by firms is relatively easy to calculate from their accounts, but the value added by the public sector, by financial industries, and by intangible asset creation is more complex. These activities are increasingly important in developed economies, and the international conventions governing their estimation and their inclusion or exclusion in GDP regularly change in an attempt to keep up with industrial advances. In the words of one academic economist "The actual number for GDP is therefore the product of a vast patchwork of statistics and a complicated set of processes carried out on the raw data to fit them to the conceptual framework."[9]
Determining gross domestic product (GDP)[edit]


Economics



A supply and demand diagram, illustrating
the effects of an increase in demand.






Index
Outline
Category








History
Types
Classification







History of economics
Economic history (academic study)
Schools of economics



Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Methodology
Heterodox economics
JEL classification codes








Concepts
Theory
Techniques








Econometrics
Economic growth
Economic system
Experimental economics
Mathematical economics
Game theory
Post-scarcity
Market
National accounting





By application





Agricultural
Behavioral
Business
Computational
Cultural
Demographic
Development
Digitization
Ecological
Education
Environmental
Evolutionary
Expeditionary
Geography
Health
Industrial organization
Information
International
Knowledge
Labour
Law
Managerial
Monetary / Financial
Natural resource
Organizational
Personnel
Public / Welfare economics
Regional
Rural
Service
Urban
Welfare





Lists




Economists
Publications (journals)






 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





GDP can be determined in three ways, all of which should, in principle, give the same result. They are the production (or output or value added) approach, the income approach, or the expenditure approach.
The most direct of the three is the production approach, which sums the outputs of every class of enterprise to arrive at the total. The expenditure approach works on the principle that all of the product must be bought by somebody, therefore the value of the total product must be equal to people's total expenditures in buying things. The income approach works on the principle that the incomes of the productive factors ("producers," colloquially) must be equal to the value of their product, and determines GDP by finding the sum of all producers' incomes.[10]
Production approach[edit]
This approach mirrors the OECD definition given above.

Estimate the gross value of domestic output out of the many various economic activities;
Determine the intermediate consumption, i.e., the cost of material, supplies and services used to produce final goods or services.
Deduct intermediate consumption from gross value to obtain the gross value added.

Gross value added = gross value of output – value of intermediate consumption.
Value of output = value of the total sales of goods and services plus value of changes in the inventory.
The sum of the gross value added in the various economic activities is known as "GDP at factor cost".
GDP at factor cost plus indirect taxes less subsidies on products = "GDP at producer price".
For measuring output of domestic product, economic activities (i.e. industries) are classified into various sectors. After classifying economic activities, the output of each sector is calculated by any of the following two methods:

By multiplying the output of each sector by their respective market price and adding them together
By collecting data on gross sales and inventories from the records of companies and adding them together

The gross value of all sectors is then added to get the gross value added (GVA) at factor cost. Subtracting each sector's intermediate consumption from gross output gives the GDP at factor cost. Adding indirect tax minus subsidies in GDP at factor cost gives the "GDP at producer prices".
Income approach[edit]




List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita by 2014 International Monetary Fund.






Countries by 2015 GDP (nominal) per capita.[11]



  > $64,000
  $32,000 – 64,000
  $16,000 – 32,000
  $8,000 – 16,000
  $4,000 – 8,000


  $2,000 – 4,000
  $1,000 – 2,000
  $500 – 1,000
  < $500
  unavailable










U.S GDP computed on the income basis


The second way of estimating GDP is to use "the sum of primary incomes distributed by resident producer units".[2]
If GDP is calculated this way it is sometimes called gross domestic income (GDI), or GDP (I). GDI should provide the same amount as the expenditure method described later. (By definition, GDI = GDP. In practice, however, measurement errors will make the two figures slightly off when reported by national statistical agencies.)
This method measures GDP by adding incomes that firms pay households for factors of production they hire - wages for labour, interest for capital, rent for land and profits for entrepreneurship.
The US "National Income and Expenditure Accounts" divide incomes into five categories:

Wages, salaries, and supplementary labour income
Corporate profits
Interest and miscellaneous investment income
Farmers' incomes
Income from non-farm unincorporated businesses

These five income components sum to net domestic income at factor cost.
Two adjustments must be made to get GDP:

Indirect taxes minus subsidies are added to get from factor cost to market prices.
Depreciation (or capital consumption allowance) is added to get from net domestic product to gross domestic product.

Total income can be subdivided according to various schemes, leading to various formulae for GDP measured by the income approach. A common one is:

GDP = compensation of employees + gross operating surplus + gross mixed income + taxes less subsidies on production and imports
GDP = COE + GOS + GMI + TP & M – SP & M


Compensation of employees (COE) measures the total remuneration to employees for work done. It includes wages and salaries, as well as employer contributions to social security and other such programs.
Gross operating surplus (GOS) is the surplus due to owners of incorporated businesses. Often called profits, although only a subset of total costs are subtracted from gross output to calculate GOS.
Gross mixed income (GMI) is the same measure as GOS, but for unincorporated businesses. This often includes most small businesses.

The sum of COE, GOS and GMI is called total factor income; it is the income of all of the factors of production in society. It measures the value of GDP at factor (basic) prices. The difference between basic prices and final prices (those used in the expenditure calculation) is the total taxes and subsidies that the government has levied or paid on that production. So adding taxes less subsidies on production and imports converts GDP at factor cost to GDP(I).
Total factor income is also sometimes expressed as:

Total factor income = employee compensation + corporate profits + proprietor's income + rental income + net interest[12]

Expenditure approach[edit]
The third way to estimate GDP is to calculate the sum of the final uses of goods and services (all uses except intermediate consumption) measured in purchasers' prices.[2]
Market goods which are produced are purchased by someone. In the case where a good is produced and unsold, the standard accounting convention is that the producer has bought the good from themselves. Therefore, measuring the total expenditure used to buy things is a way of measuring production. This is known as the expenditure method of calculating GDP.
Components of GDP by expenditure[edit]




U.S. GDP computed on the expenditure basis.


GDP (Y) is the sum of consumption (C), investment (I), government spending (G) and net exports (X – M).

Y = C + I + G + (X − M)

Here is a description of each GDP component:

C (consumption) is normally the largest GDP component in the economy, consisting of private expenditures in the economy (household final consumption expenditure). These personal expenditures fall under one of the following categories: durable goods, nondurable goods, and services. Examples include food, rent, jewelry, gasoline, and medical expenses, but not the purchase of new housing.
I (investment) includes, for instance, business investment in equipment, but does not include exchanges of existing assets. Examples include construction of a new mine, purchase of software, or purchase of machinery and equipment for a factory. Spending by households (not government) on new houses is also included in investment. In contrast to its colloquial meaning, "investment" in GDP does not mean purchases of financial products. Buying financial products is classed as 'saving', as opposed to investment. This avoids double-counting: if one buys shares in a company, and the company uses the money received to buy plant, equipment, etc., the amount will be counted toward GDP when the company spends the money on those things; to also count it when one gives it to the company would be to count two times an amount that only corresponds to one group of products. Buying bonds or stocks is a swapping of deeds, a transfer of claims on future production, not directly an expenditure on products.
G (government spending) is the sum of government expenditures on final goods and services. It includes salaries of public servants, purchases of weapons for the military and any investment expenditure by a government. It does not include any transfer payments, such as social security or unemployment benefits.
X (exports) represents gross exports. GDP captures the amount a country produces, including goods and services produced for other nations' consumption, therefore exports are added.
M (imports) represents gross imports. Imports are subtracted since imported goods will be included in the terms G, I, or C, and must be deducted to avoid counting foreign supply as domestic.

Note that C, G, and I are expenditures on final goods and services; expenditures on intermediate goods and services do not count. (Intermediate goods and services are those used by businesses to produce other goods and services within the accounting year.[13])
According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, which is responsible for calculating the national accounts in the United States, "In general, the source data for the expenditures components are considered more reliable than those for the income components [see income method, below]."[14]
GDP vs GNI[edit]
GDP can be contrasted with gross national product (GNP) or, as it is now known, gross national income (GNI). The difference is that GDP defines its scope according to location, while GNI defines its scope according to ownership. In a global context, world GDP and world GNI are, therefore, equivalent terms.
GDP is product produced within a country's borders; GNI is product produced by enterprises owned by a country's citizens. The two would be the same if all of the productive enterprises in a country were owned by its own citizens, and those citizens did not own productive enterprises in any other countries. In practice, however, foreign ownership makes GDP and GNI non-identical. Production within a country's borders, but by an enterprise owned by somebody outside the country, counts as part of its GDP but not its GNI; on the other hand, production by an enterprise located outside the country, but owned by one of its citizens, counts as part of its GNI but not its GDP.
For example, the GNI of the USA is the value of output produced by American-owned firms, regardless of where the firms are located. Similarly, if a country becomes increasingly in debt, and spends large amounts of income servicing this debt this will be reflected in a decreased GNI but not a decreased GDP. Similarly, if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased GNI, but not decreased GDP. This would make the use of GDP more attractive for politicians in countries with increasing national debt and decreasing assets.
Gross national income (GNI) equals GDP plus income receipts from the rest of the world minus income payments to the rest of the world.[15]
In 1991, the United States switched from using GNP to using GDP as its primary measure of production.[16] The relationship between United States GDP and GNP is shown in table 1.7.5 of the National Income and Product Accounts.[17]
International standards[edit]
The international standard for measuring GDP is contained in the book System of National Accounts (1993), which was prepared by representatives of the International Monetary Fund, European Union, Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, United Nations and World Bank. The publication is normally referred to as SNA93 to distinguish it from the previous edition published in 1968 (called SNA68) [18]
SNA93 provides a set of rules and procedures for the measurement of national accounts. The standards are designed to be flexible, to allow for differences in local statistical needs and conditions.



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (August 2009)


National measurement[edit]
Within each country GDP is normally measured by a national government statistical agency, as private sector organizations normally do not have access to the information required (especially information on expenditure and production by governments).
Main article: National agencies responsible for GDP measurement
Nominal GDP and adjustments to GDP[edit]
The raw GDP figure as given by the equations above is called the nominal, historical, or current, GDP. When one compares GDP figures from one year to another, it is desirable to compensate for changes in the value of money – i.e., for the effects of inflation or deflation. To make it more meaningful for year-to-year comparisons, it may be multiplied by the ratio between the value of money in the year the GDP was measured and the value of money in a base year.
For example, suppose a country's GDP in 1990 was $100 million and its GDP in 2000 was $300 million. Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period. To meaningfully compare its GDP in 2000 to its GDP in 1990, we could multiply the GDP in 2000 by one-half, to make it relative to 1990 as a base year. The result would be that the GDP in 2000 equals $300 million × one-half = $150 million, in 1990 monetary terms. We would see that the country's GDP had realistically increased 50 percent over that period, not 200 percent, as it might appear from the raw GDP data. The GDP adjusted for changes in money value in this way is called the real, or constant, GDP.
The factor used to convert GDP from current to constant values in this way is called the GDP deflator. Unlike consumer price index, which measures inflation or deflation in the price of household consumer goods, the GDP deflator measures changes in the prices of all domestically produced goods and services in an economy including investment goods and government services, as well as household consumption goods.[19]
Constant-GDP figures allow us to calculate a GDP growth rate, which indicates how much a country's production has increased (or decreased, if the growth rate is negative) compared to the previous year.

Real GDP growth rate for year n = [(Real GDP in year n) − (Real GDP in year n − 1)] / (Real GDP in year n − 1)

Another thing that it may be desirable to account for is population growth. If a country's GDP doubled over a certain period, but its population tripled, the increase in GDP may not mean that the standard of living increased for the country's residents; the average person in the country is producing less than they were before. Per-capita GDP is a measure to account for population growth.
Cross-border comparison and purchasing power parity[edit]
The level of GDP in different countries may be compared by converting their value in national currency according to either the current currency exchange rate, or the purchasing power parity exchange rate.

Current currency exchange rate is the exchange rate in the international foreign exchange market.
Purchasing power parity exchange rate is the exchange rate based on the purchasing power parity (PPP) of a currency relative to a selected standard (usually the United States dollar). This is a comparative (and theoretical) exchange rate, the only way to directly realize this rate is to sell an entire CPI basket in one country, convert the cash at the currency market rate & then rebuy that same basket of goods in the other country (with the converted cash). Going from country to country, the distribution of prices within the basket will vary; typically, non-tradable purchases will consume a greater proportion of the basket's total cost in the higher GDP country, per the Balassa-Samuelson effect.

The ranking of countries may differ significantly based on which method is used.

The current exchange rate method converts the value of goods and services using global currency exchange rates. The method can offer better indications of a country's international purchasing power. For instance, if 10% of GDP is being spent on buying hi-tech foreign arms, the number of weapons purchased is entirely governed by current exchange rates, since arms are a traded product bought on the international market. There is no meaningful 'local' price distinct from the international price for high technology goods. The PPP method of GDP conversion is more relevant to non-traded goods and services. In the above example if hi-tech weapons are to be produced internally their amount will be governed by GDP(PPP) rather than nominal GDP.

There is a clear pattern of the purchasing power parity method decreasing the disparity in GDP between high and low income (GDP) countries, as compared to the current exchange rate method. This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Standard of living and GDP: Wealth distribution and externalities[edit]
GDP per capita is often used as an indicator of living standards.[20]
The major advantage of GDP per capita as an indicator of standard of living is that it is measured frequently, widely, and consistently. It is measured frequently in that most countries provide information on GDP on a quarterly basis, allowing trends to be seen quickly. It is measured widely in that some measure of GDP is available for almost every country in the world, allowing inter-country comparisons. It is measured consistently in that the technical definition of GDP is relatively consistent among countries.
GDP does not include several factors that influence the standard of living. In particular, it fails to account for:

Externalities – Economic growth may entail an increase in negative externalities that are not directly measured in GDP.[21][22] Increased industrial output might grow GDP, but any pollution is not counted.[23]
Non-market transactions– GDP excludes activities that are not provided through the market, such as household production, bartering of goods and services, and volunteer or unpaid services.
Non-monetary economy– GDP omits economies where no money comes into play at all, resulting in inaccurate or abnormally low GDP figures. For example, in countries with major business transactions occurring informally, portions of local economy are not easily registered. Bartering may be more prominent than the use of money, even extending to services.[22]
Quality improvements and inclusion of new products– by not fully adjusting for quality improvements and new products, GDP understates true economic growth. For instance, although computers today are less expensive and more powerful than computers from the past, GDP treats them as the same products by only accounting for the monetary value. The introduction of new products is also difficult to measure accurately and is not reflected in GDP despite the fact that it may increase the standard of living. For example, even the richest person in 1900 could not purchase standard products, such as antibiotics and cell phones, that an average consumer can buy today, since such modern conveniences did not exist then.
Sustainability of growth– GDP is a measurement of economic historic activity and is not necessarily a projection.
Wealth distribution – GDP does not account for variances in incomes of various demographic groups. See income inequality metrics for discussion of a variety of inequality-based economic measures.[22]

It can be argued that GDP per capita as an indicator standard of living is correlated with these factors, capturing them indirectly.[20][24] As a result, GDP per capita as a standard of living is a continued usage because most people have a fairly accurate idea of what it is and know it is tough to come up with quantitative measures for such constructs as happiness, quality of life, and well-being.[20]
Limitations and criticisms[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2012)


Limitations at introduction[edit]
Simon Kuznets, the economist who developed the first comprehensive set of measures of national income, stated in his first report to the US Congress in 1934, in a section titled "Uses and Abuses of National Income Measurements":[7]

The valuable capacity of the human mind to simplify a complex situation in a compact characterization becomes dangerous when not controlled in terms of definitely stated criteria. With quantitative measurements especially, the definiteness of the result suggests, often misleadingly, a precision and simplicity in the outlines of the object measured. Measurements of national income are subject to this type of illusion and resulting abuse, especially since they deal with matters that are the center of conflict of opposing social groups where the effectiveness of an argument is often contingent upon oversimplification. [...]


All these qualifications upon estimates of national income as an index of productivity are just as important when income measurements are interpreted from the point of view of economic welfare. But in the latter case additional difficulties will be suggested to anyone who wants to penetrate below the surface of total figures and market values. Economic welfare cannot be adequately measured unless the personal distribution of income is known. And no income measurement undertakes to estimate the reverse side of income, that is, the intensity and unpleasantness of effort going into the earning of income. The welfare of a nation can, therefore, scarcely be inferred from a measurement of national income as defined above.

In 1962, Kuznets stated:[25]

Distinctions must be kept in mind between quantity and quality of growth, between costs and returns, and between the short and long run. Goals for more growth should specify more growth of what and for what.

Further criticisms[edit]
Ever since the development of GDP, multiple observers have pointed out limitations of using GDP as the overarching measure of economic and social progress.
Many environmentalists argue that GDP is a poor measure of social progress because it does not take into account harm to the environment.[26][27]
Although a high or rising level of GDP is often associated with increased economic and social progress within a country, a number of scholars have pointed out that this does not necessarily play out in many instances. For example, Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen have pointed out that an increase in GDP or in GDP growth does not necessarily lead to a higher standard of living, particularly in areas such as healthcare and education.[28] Another important area that does not necessarily improve along with GDP is political liberty, which is most notable in China, where GDP growth is strong yet political liberties are heavily restricted.[29]
GDP does not account for the distribution of income among the residents of a country, because GDP is merely an aggregate measure. An economy may be highly developed or growing rapidly, but also contain a wide gap between the rich and the poor in a society. These inequalities often occur on the lines of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or other minority status within countries. This can lead to misleading characterizations of economic well-being if the income distribution is heavily skewed toward the high end, as the poorer residents will not directly benefit from the overall level of wealth and income generated in their country. Even GDP per capita measures may have the same downside if inequality is high. For example, South Africa during apartheid ranked high in terms of GDP per capita, but the benefits of this immense wealth and income were not shared equally among the country.[citation needed]
GDP does not take into account the value of household and other unpaid work. Some, including Martha Nussbaum, argue that this value should be included in measuring GDP, as household labor is largely a substitute for goods and services that would otherwise be purchased for value.[30] Even under conservative estimates, the value of unpaid labor in Australia has been calculated to be over 50% of the country's GDP.[31] A later study analyzed this value in other countries, with results ranging from a low of about 15% in Canada (using conservative estimates) to high of nearly 70% in the United Kingdom (using more liberal estimates). For the United States, the value was estimated to be between about 20% on the low end to nearly 50% on the high end, depending on the methodology being used.[32] Because many public policies are shaped by GDP calculations and by the related field of national accounts,[33] the non-inclusion of unpaid work in calculating GDP can create distortions in public policy, and some economists have advocated for changes in the way public policies are formed and implemented.[34]
The UK's Natural Capital Committee highlighted the shortcomings of GDP in its advice to the UK Government in 2013, pointing out that GDP "focuses on flows, not stocks. As a result, an economy can run down its assets yet, at the same time, record high levels of GDP growth, until a point is reached where the depleted assets act as a check on future growth". They then went on to say that "it is apparent that the recorded GDP growth rate overstates the sustainable growth rate. Broader measures of wellbeing and wealth are needed for this and there is a danger that short-term decisions based solely on what is currently measured by national accounts may prove to be costly in the long-term".
Proposals to overcome GDP limitations[edit]
In response to these and other limitations of using GDP, alternative approaches have emerged.

In the 1980s, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum developed the capability approach, which focuses on the functional capabilities enjoyed by people within a country, rather than the aggregate wealth held within a country. These capabilities consist of the functions that a person is able to achieve.[35]
In 1990 Mahbub ul Haq, a Pakistani Economist at the United Nations, introduced the Human Development Index (HDI). The HDI is a composite index of life expectancy at birth, adult literacy rate and standard of living measured as a logarithmic function of GDP, adjusted to purchasing power parity.
In 1989, John B. Cobb and Herman Daly introduced Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) by taking into account various other factors such as consumption of nonrenewable resources and degradation of the environment. The new formula deducted from GDP (personal consumption + public non-defensive expenditures - private defensive expenditures + capital formation + services from domestic labour - costs of environmental degradation - depreciation of natural capital)
In 2005, Med Jones, an American Economist, at the International Institute of Management, introduced the first secular Gross National Happiness Index a.k.a Gross National Well-being framework and Index to complement GDP economics with additional seven dimensions, including environment, education, and government, work, social and health (mental and physical) indicators. The proposal was inspired by the King of Bhutan's GNH philosophy.[36][37][38]
In 2009 the European Union released a communication titled GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world[39] that identified five actions to improve the indicators of progress in ways that make it more responsive to the concerns of its citizens: Introduced a proposal to complementing GDP with environmental and social indicators
In 2009 Professors Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi at the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress (CMEPSP), formed by French President, Nicolas Sarkozy published a proposal to overcome the limitation of GDP economics to expand the focus to well-being economics with wellbeing framework consisting of health, environment, work, physical safety, economic safety, political freedom.
In 2012, the Karma Ura of the Center for Bhutan Studies published Bhutan Local GNH Index contributors to happiness—physical, mental and spiritual health; time-balance; social and community vitality; cultural vitality; education; living standards; good governance; and ecological vitality. The Bhutan GNH Index.[40]
In 2013 OECD Better Life Index was published by the OECD. The dimensions of the index included health, economic, workplace, income, jobs, housing, civic engagement, life satisfaction
In 2013 professors John Helliwell, Richard Layard and Jeffrey Sachs published World Happiness Report and proposed to measure other wellbeing indicators in addition to GDP. the evaluation framework included GDP per capita, Gini (income inequality), life satisfaction, health, freedom of life choices, trust and absence of corruption.

Lists of countries by their GDP[edit]

Lists of countries by GDP
List of countries by GDP (nominal), (per capita)
List of continents by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (PPP), (per capita), (per hour)
List of countries by GDP (real) growth rate, (per capita)
List of countries by GDP sector composition
List of IMF ranked countries by past and projected GDP (PPP), (per capita), (nominal)

See also[edit]


Annual average GDP growth
Capability approach
Chained volume series
Circular flow of income
Economic growth
GDP density
Gross output
Gross regional domestic product
Gross state product
Gross value added
Gross world product
Intermediate consumption
Inventory investment
List of countries by average wage
List of countries by household income
List of countries by GDP (nominal)
List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita
List of countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita
List of economic reports by U.S. government agencies
Misery index (economics)
National average salary
Potential output
Production (economics)
Productivism
Real gross domestic product


Notes and references[edit]


^ "GDP (Official Exchange Rate)" (PDF). World Bank. Retrieved August 24, 2015. 
^ a b c "OECD". Retrieved 14 August 2014. 
^ Callen, Tim. "Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All". IMF. Retrieved 3 June 2016. 
^ Dawson, Graham (2006). Economics and Economic Chenge. FT / Prentice Hall. p. 205. ISBN 9780273693512. 
^ "Petty impressive". The Economist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ Coyle, Diane. "Warfare and the Invention of GDP". The Globalist. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ a b Congress commissioned Kuznets to create a system that would measure the nation's productivity in order to better understand how to tackle the Great Depression.Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7 Simon Kuznets, 1934. "National Income, 1929–1932". 73rd US Congress, 2d session, Senate document no. 124, page 5-7. https://fraser.stlouisfed.org/scribd/?title_id=971&filepath=/docs/publications/natincome_1934/19340104_nationalinc.pdf
^ Dickinson, Elizabeth. "GDP: a brief history". ForeignPolicy.com. Retrieved 25 April 2012. 
^ Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton University Press. p. 6. ISBN 9780691156798. 
^ World Bank, Statistical Manual >> National Accounts >> GDP–final output, retrieved October 2009.
"User's guide: Background information on GDP and GDP deflator". HM Treasury. 
"Measuring the Economy: A Primer on GDP and the National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
^ Based on the IMF data. If no data was available for a country from IMF, I used WorldBank data.
^ United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, "A guide to the National Income and Product Accounts of the United States" (PDF). , page 5; retrieved November 2009. Another term, "business current transfer payments", may be added. Also, the document indicates that the capital consumption adjustment (CCAdj) and the inventory valuation adjustment (IVA) are applied to the proprietor's income and corporate profits terms; and CCAdj is applied to rental income.
^ Thayer Watkins, San José State University Department of Economics, "Gross Domestic Product from the Transactions Table for an Economy", commentary to first table, " Transactions Table for an Economy". (Page retrieved November 2009.)
^ Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts, chap. 2.
^ Lequiller, François; Derek Blades (2006). Understanding National Accounts. OECD. p. 18. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. To convert GDP into GNI, it is necessary to add the income received by resident units from abroad and deduct the income created by production in the country but transferred to units residing abroad. 
^ United States, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Glossary, "GDP". Retrieved November 2009.
^ "U.S. Department of Commerce. Bureau of Economic Analysis". Bea.gov. 2009-10-21. Retrieved 2010-07-31. 
^ "National Accounts". Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 2011-06-29. 
^ HM Treasury, Background information on GDP and GDP deflator
Some of the complications involved in comparing national accounts from different years are explained in this World Bank document.
^ a b c "How Do We Measure Standard of Living?" (PDF). The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 
^ Mankiw, N.G.; Taylor, M.P. (2011). Economics (2nd ed., revised ed.). Andover: Cengage Learning. 
^ a b c "Macroeconomics - GDP and Welfare". Retrieved 2015-02-21. 
^ http://www2.econ.iastate.edu/classes/econ355/choi/gdp.htm
^ "How Real GDP per Capita Affects the Standard of Living". Study.com. 
^ Simon Kuznets. "How To Judge Quality". The New Republic, October 20, 1962
^ The Virtues of Ignoring GDP http://www.thebrokeronline.eu/Articles/The-virtues-of-ignoring-GDP
^ The Rise and Fall of G.D.P. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/16/magazine/16GDP-t.html?pagewanted=all
^ Drèze, Jean; Sen, Amartya (2013). An uncertain glory India and its contradictions. Princeton: Princeton University Press. ISBN 9781400848775. 
^ "China Country Report Freedom in the World 2012". freedomhouse.org. 
^ Nussbaum, Martha C. (2013). Creating capabilities : the human development approach. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674072359. 
^ Blades, François Lequiller, Derek (2006). Understanding national accounts (Reprint. ed.). Paris: OECD. p. 112. ISBN 978-92-64-02566-0. 
^ "Incorporating Estimates of Household Production of Non-Market Services into International Comparisons of Material Well-Being". 
^ "National Income Accounting and Public Policy" (PDF). 
^ "National Accounts: A Practical Introduction" (PDF). 
^ Shahani, Severine Deneulin ; Lila (2009). An Introduction to the Human Development and Capability : Approach (1. ed.). London: Earthscan Ltd. ISBN 9781844078066. 
^ "Gross National Happiness (GNH) - A New Socioeconomic Development Policy Framework - A Policy White Paper - The American Pursuit of Unhappiness - Med Jones, IIM". Iim-edu.org. 10 January 2005. 
^ Happiness Ministry in Dubai http://www.thenational.ae/opinion/comment/the-happiness-portfolio-is-no-laughing-matter Happiness Ministry in Dubai Check |url= value (help).  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Harvard Kennedy School Report to US Congressman 21st Century GDP: National Indicators for a New Era" (PDF). 
^ "GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world". European Union. 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-26. 
^ "Bhutan GNH Index"


Further reading[edit]


Coyle, Diane (2014). GDP: A Brief but Affectionate History. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-15679-8. 
Australian Bureau for Statistics, Australian National Accounts: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2000. Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.
United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, "Concepts and Methods of the United States National Income and Product Accounts" (PDF). . Retrieved November 2009. In depth explanations of how GDP and other national accounts items are determined.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Gross domestic product.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Gross Domestic Product


Global[edit]

Australian Bureau of Statistics Manual on GDP measurement
GDP-indexed bonds
OECD GDP chart
UN Statistical Databases
World Development Indicators (WDI) at Worldbank.org
World GDP Chart (since 1960)

Data[edit]

Bureau of Economic Analysis: Official United States GDP data
Historicalstatistics.org: Links to historical statistics on GDP for different countries and regions, maintained by the Department of Economic History at Stockholm University.
Quandl - GDP by country - downloadable in CSV, Excel, JSON or XML
Historical US GDP (yearly data), 1790–present, maintained by Samuel H. Williamson and Lawrence H. Officer, both professors of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Historical US GDP (quarterly data), 1947–present
Google – public data: GDP and Personal Income of the U.S. (annual): Nominal Gross Domestic Product
The Maddison Project of the Groningen Growth and Development Centre at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands. This project continues and extends the work of Angus Maddison in collating all the available, credible data estimating GDP for different countries around the world. This includes data for some countries for over 2,000 years back to 1 CE and for essentially all countries since 1950.

Articles and books[edit]


Library resources about
Gross domestic product





Resources in your library





Gross Domestic Product: An Economy’s All, International Monetary Fund.
Stiglitz JE, Sen A, Fitoussi J-P. Mismeasuring our Lives: Why GDP Doesn't Add Up, New Press, New York, 2010
What's wrong with the GDP?
Whether output and CPI inflation are mismeasured, by Nouriel Roubini and David Backus, in Lectures in Macroeconomics
Rodney Edvinsson, "Growth, Accumulation, Crisis: With New Macroeconomic Data for Sweden 1800–2000". 
Clifford Cobb, Ted Halstead and Jonathan Rowe. "If the GDP is up, why is America down?" The Atlantic Monthly, vol. 276, no. 4, October 1995, pages 59–78
Jerorn C.J.M. van den Bergh, "Abolishing GDP"
GDP and GNI in OECD Observer No246-247, Dec 2004-Jan 2005
Progress, what progress? in OECD Observer No272 March 2009







v
t
e


Lists of countries by GDP rankings



Purchasing power parity (PPP)



Per capita
Past

per capita


Past and projected

per capita


Private consumption per capita
Per hour
Per person employed
Ten largest historically
19th century





Nominal



Per capita
Past and projected

per capita


Sector composition





Growth rate



European Union member states
Latin American and Caribbean countries
Oceanian countries
Per capita
1980–2010 growth
Industrial growth





Gross national income (GNI)



PPP
Nominal





Countries by region



Africa

PPP
nominal


Commonwealth of Nations

nominal


Latin America & Caribbean

PPP
nominal


North America

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


South America

PPP


Arab League
ASEAN
Asia
Asia & Pacific

PPP


Former Soviet Republics
Europe

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita


Oceania

PPP
PPP per capita
nominal
nominal per capita







Subnational divisions



Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Chile

per capita


China

per capita


Colombia
Croatia
France
Germany
Greece
India

per capita


Indonesia
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Pakistan
Russia

per capita


South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United States

PPP
nominal
nominal per capita


Thailand
OECD
Top country subdivisions by GDP

nominal










Lists of countries by financial rankings



List of international rankings
List of top international rankings by country
Lists by country













v
t
e


Economic classification of countries






Developed country
Developing country
Least Developed Countries
World Bank high-income economy
Newly industrialized country
Heavily indebted poor countries





Three-World Model



First World
Second World
Third World
Fourth World





Gross domestic product (GDP)





Nominal




By country

past and projected

per capita


per capita








Purchasing
power parity (PPP)




By country

future estimates

per capita


per capita
per hour worked
per person employed










Gross national income (GNI)



(Nominal, Atlas method) per capita
(PPP) per capita





Wages



Average wage

Europe by monthly average wage


Employee compensation (per hour)
List of countries by median wage
Minimum wages

Canada
Europe
United States







Wealth



Wealth per adult





Other national accounts



Gross National Happiness
Net material product
Research and development spending





Human development



Human Development Index

by country
inequality-adjusted


Human Poverty Index
Percentage living in poverty
Social Progress Index





Digital divide



ICT Development Index
Number of broadband Internet subscriptions
Number of Internet users
Smartphone penetration





Net international
investment position (NIIP)



Per capita









Authority control



GND: 4146775-9
NDL: 00871221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gross_domestic_product&oldid=791296935"					
Categories: Gross domestic productNational accountsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsPages with URL errorsArticles to be expanded from August 2009All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles to be expanded from February 2012All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuАварAzərbaycancaBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپښتوPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаGagana SamoaScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng Việt文言吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert G Gross - Philadelphia, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert G Gross in Philadelphia, PA


Robert G Gross

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert G Gross  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Philadelphia, PA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert G Gross is in his 90s

Robert Has Lived In

Philadelphia, PA
Moultrie, GA
Miami, FL

Robert's Relatives

Richard Gross
Shirley Gross
Alma Gross







Robert G Gross



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert G Gross
Get a Criminal Check on Robert G Gross
Get a Public Record Report on Robert G Gross
Get a People Search Report on Robert G Gross


Robert G Gross's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert G Gross has lived as well as Robert G Gross's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert G Gross Has Lived in 4 States
Pennsylvania Address for Robert G Gross


6853 O***** A** 

Philadelphia, PA


Has Lived In

Philadelphia, PA
Moultrie, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert G Gross

() ***-**** - Blackwood, NJ 
() ***-**** - Miami, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert G Gross



Get Email Report




Robert G Gross's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert G Gross


Robert G Gross's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert G Gross's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Gross
Username Matches

                  RobertGross
                  GrossRobert
                  Robert.Gross
                  Gross.Robert
                  Robert_Gross
                  Gross_Robert
                  Robert-Gross
                  Gross-Robert
                  RGross
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Gross







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















News on Robert G. Gross


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Robert G. Gross                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Robert G. Gross











Robert G. Gross has changed board positions at Monro Muffler Brake Inc.


                                July 22, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. Provides First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Results


                                July 20, 2017                                 • 
                                GlobeNewswire                            


                                  ... was also elected as independent Chairman of the Board of Directors, as Robert Gross, prior Executive Chairman, will retire from the Board and the Company ...
                                









Robert G. Gross is no longer serving in their position at Monro Muffler Brake Inc.


                                June 28, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. Announces Succession, Appoints Brett Ponton as Its Next President and Chief Executive Officer


                                June 28, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... lead director Robert Mellor as independent Chairman of the Board of Directors. Robert Gross, Executive Chairman, will retire from the Board and the Company at ...
                                









Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. to Present at the 19th Annual ICR Conference


                                January 6, 2017                                 • 
                                GlobeNewswire                            


                                  ... leading provider of automotive undercar repair and tire services, today announced that Robert Gross, Executive Chairman, will present at the 19th Annual ICR Conference in ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Monro Muffler Brake Inc.







Automobiles







Board and Executive Moves in Automobiles







Alumni of State University of New York - University at Buffalo

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Home | Law Office of Robert Gross





Call: 1-844-GrossLaw









About Us


Areas of Practice


Case Results


Robert Gross Blog


Contact Us








Home | 
Privacy Policy | 
Refund Policy | 
Terms and Conditions



Copyright © 2014 Law Firm of Robert Gross, Esq.
Website designed and created by B-Ribe Designs.













Gross Robert G - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1244838 - Address: 395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 415, South San Francisco, CA 94080 44 results 

						Links
						


SECYahooGoogleFinvizTradingViewStockChartsStockTwitsDownload CSV 













TC
Stat
Stk
Ins
Fil
+d
+w
+m
+q
+h
+y
avg


S%ret11310-01614217S%wins65685832262646 




Filing Date
T Date
Ticker
IssuerInc Sector
IndIndustry
Owner
oSt
Rel
Title
T
TVal
Price
L
Qty
oc
Own
H
r2y
r1y
r6m
r3m
r6w
r3w
r7d
r3d
f1d
f1w
f1m
f3m
f6m
f1y



12/13/16 09:149/1/16CORECore-Mark Holding Company, Inc.DERetailGrocerGroceries, General LineGross Robert GCADM.d2468.2010308565D28-9-1491191200109-16
10/29/15 17:5010/28/15MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOExec CBM.d5,04333.6216150152249D6949272215883-1-20-12-7-25
10/29/15 17:5010/28/15MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOExec CBS.dm-2,12876.0016-28-10249D6949272215883-1-20-12-7-25
11/14/14 17:3211/12/14MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS.m-4,83553.6813-90-22322D6811249102-2-2-17192035
6/7/13 18:356/7/13MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS-44248.1221-9-2425D5342502518700205-7418
6/6/13 18:496/4/13MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS.m-6,34747.4621-134-19568D5446502519501105-6618
6/3/13 18:235/30/13MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS.m-1,75547.3520-37-5739D503842251950-1013-51115
11/28/12 11:5711/27/12MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS-4,16932.8810-127-12907D5-9-1-5-8-3541-44124358
11/21/12 15:3111/19/12MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDS-432.5711-001,034D-3-16-18-12-14-8-9-12710245564
11/13/12 15:2811/9/12MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS-6934.2512-201,036D2-8-16-7-7-2-5-4-1-1-3173849
11/8/12 17:3211/6/12MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS-1,37234.3111-40-41,078D5-8-10-3-45121-7-6103342
11/5/12 16:1611/1/12MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-1,07734.6411-31-31,149D6-8-151-8-81021-572948
8/26/11 12:088/24/11MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-1,81636.1015-50-41,232D10431912-43-2578-1330-1
8/18/11 16:308/16/11MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d8,55015.2013563951,156D120321014-36124-2299322
8/18/11 16:308/17/11MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.d-1,85237.0413-50-41,156D120321014-36124-2299322
11/29/10 16:2211/24/10MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d4797.98106010659D165632418-2-2102691014
11/17/10 15:3811/15/10MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS-13550.0010-30635D15659281451-3-300105120
11/8/10 21:0011/4/10MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-3,06349.9412-61-8699D1496730236343-3-263-715
2/25/10 19:172/23/10MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-2,32235.636-65-7826D1125240209642-2-3151337
2/22/10 21:542/18/10MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-1,30935.156-37-4929D10643361463320-1431843
11/12/09 16:5711/10/09MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d2,08217.351112015939D45492320-2-60-2131162267
8/19/09 12:268/17/09MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d9587.981112018791D4225-44-1-211120203666
11/18/08 11:4911/14/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d3693.47510622583D-24-136-8-8-11-10-5-1-229334667
11/3/08 10:3610/31/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS-99421.045-47-8543D-13-22315-5533-2-3-2131543
10/30/08 16:5910/28/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.m-2,86120.865-137-16727D-13-62316-118373-3-3161850
10/27/08 17:1310/23/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d1,5623.474450167720D-20-91912-9-110-547-9211960
10/27/08 17:1310/23/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOS.dm-1,33020.284-66-8720D-20-91912-9-110-547-9211960
6/30/08 11:256/26/08MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOCEOM.d3473.47310027475D-32-39-20-10-16-17-402-123575369
11/8/06 14:4111/7/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS-32637.255-9-3259D5921-32510003-1-2-20-5-11
11/2/06 17:1310/31/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-96037.645-26-8293D5121-219132-2-202-12-4-6
10/31/06 16:2310/27/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS-837.655-00319D5626325151020-3-2-5-1-8-9
10/26/06 17:2210/24/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-30837.595-8-2327D5928624127310-2-2-1-6-8
10/26/06 15:3510/19/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.am-1,21037.405-32-8368D5928624127310-2-2-1-6-8
10/23/06 17:2210/19/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-1,21037.405-32-15188D55384172112111001-2-3-8
10/23/06 16:4110/18/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOM.ad5215.21510050300D55384172112111001-2-3-8
10/18/06 19:5210/18/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOM.d5215.21310050300D553601819873-211-4-2-8
8/18/06 17:168/16/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-1,33833.074-40-14240D5119-7-986790-43141313
6/13/06 15:086/12/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOM.d2615.216502823152-5-51015
6/6/06 18:046/6/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOM.d2615.21650621312-4-8-6711
6/5/06 18:036/1/06MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-44036.556-12-1193-22-5-688
11/17/05 16:5611/17/05MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS-1,19530.523-39-21144D59321811137-2-111-1162123
11/17/05 11:5911/15/05MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS-6631.033-2-1185D59321811137-2-101-1162123
11/14/05 10:1911/9/05MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.m-1,00931.133-32-13220D4530238145-21-10-3121818
11/9/05 10:5911/7/05MNROMonro Muffler Brake IncNYPerSvPerSvAutomotive Repair, Services &Gross Robert GNYDOP,CEOS.dm-1,21031.183-39-12291D3928221017123-3100142221



DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














robert g gross - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Robert Gross | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Robert Gross



Find Robert Gross Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Robert G at Amazon - Low Prices on Robert G.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Robert G



Low Prices on Robert G. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Someone | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Name



See anyone's Current Address, Phone Email, and More. Search for Free




Robert Gross | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Robert Gross



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare















Robert E. Gross (businessman)




Robert Ellsworth Gross (May 11, 1897 – September 3, 1961) was an American businessman involved in the field of aviation. His first venture, the Viking Flying Boat Company, failed

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Robert Edward Gross - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_Edward_Gross


Robert Edward Gross (July 2, 1905 – October 11, 1988) was an American surgeon and a medical researcher. He performed early work in pediatric heart surgery at Boston ...


Robert Gross news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/robert-gross


All the latest news on Robert Gross. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Robert Gross videos and more, on WOW.com


Robert A. Gross - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_A._Gross


Life. Gross graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1966, and from Columbia University with an M.A. in 1968 and a Ph.D. in 1976. He taught at Amherst College ...


Robert G. Roeder - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_G._Roeder


Robert G. Roeder (born June 3, 1942 ... Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from ... ^ Salk Institute Medals to be awarded to Pioneering Biologist Robert Roeder and High-Tech ...


Robert Gross - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_Gross


Robert Gross may refer to: Robert A. Gross, American historian; Robert Arthur Gross, American violinist and composer; Robert E. Gross (businessman) (1897–1961 ...


Mary Gross news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/mary-gross


All the latest news on Mary Gross. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, ... Robert G. Cress and The Robert G. Cress Trust, to Gregg L.... Score:, ...


Robert E. Gross (businessman) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_E._Gross_(businessman)


For other people named Robert Gross, see Robert Gross (disambiguation). Gross bet the future of the struggling new company on the (for its time) very advanced all ...


Robert Kennedy on the GNP: We Don't Measure What Really ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/jesse-kornbluth/robert-kennedy-on-the-gnp_b...


Robert Kennedy on the GNP: ... Like Robert Kennedy, ... Our gross national product counts air pollution and cigarette advertising, ...


Robert Arthur Gross - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_Arthur_Gross


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Robert G. Cousins - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_G._Cousins


Robert G. Cousins. Source: http://en ... 2016-03-22T10:24Z For the American playwright, see Robert K. Cousins. Robert Gordon Cousins ... Gross; Grassley; Evans; Nagle ...










Robert Gross | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Robert Gross



Find Robert Gross Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Robert G at Amazon - Low Prices on Robert G.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Robert G



Low Prices on Robert G. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Someone | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Name



See anyone's Current Address, Phone Email, and More. Search for Free




Robert Gross | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Robert Gross



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare


12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













robert g gross - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Robert Gross | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Robert Gross



Find Robert Gross Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Robert Gross | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Robert Gross



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare




We Found Someone | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Name



See anyone's Current Address, Phone Email, and More. Search for Free




Search Robert Gross - Looking for Robert Gross?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Robert Gross? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records



Best People Search




Web Results

Robert G. Gross - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/robert-gross-monro-muffler/salary/19583


View Robert G. Gross, Board Member at Monro Muffler Brake, Inc., Rochester, NY, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Monro Muffler Brake, Inc ...


Robert G. Gross | Core-Mark International Inc.

www.core-mark.com/about/leadership/board/robert-g-gross


Robert G. Gross, 55, has served as Director of Core-Mark since October 2011. Mr. Gross serves as the Executive Chairman of Monro Muffler Brake, Inc., an undercar ...


Mr. Robert G. Gross - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/18065/Mr-Robert-G-Gross


Find compensation and employment information for Mr. Robert G. Gross (Monro Muffler Brake), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Robert G Gross (1919 - 2007) - Find A Grave Memorial

https://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=25693033


The funeral service for longtime Ipswich attorney, Robert "Bob" G. Gross, 87, of Watertown will be Tuesday at the Ipswich UCC Church with Rev. David Biebighauser ...


Robert Gross Obituary - Danville, California | Legacy.com

www.legacy.com/obituaries/name/robert-gross-obituary?pid=...


Robert Gross passed away in Danville, California. Funeral Home Services for Robert are being provided by Graham-Hitch Memorial. The obituary was featured in East Bay ...


Robert G Gross - Philadelphia, PA | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Robert-Gross/Philadelphia-PA/06w0...


Get full contact details for Robert G Gross in Philadelphia, PA instantly. We found 5 addresses, 2 phone numbers, and 3 relatives and/or associates connected with ...


Robert G. Gross, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. Executive ...

https://www.redbooks.com/dotCMS/showPeople?dispatch=showPeople&...


Read the latest updates for Robert G. Gross, the Executive Chairman at Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.. REDBOOKS aggregates over 800K sources to provide real-time feeds on ...


ROBERT G GROSS - NEW YORK, NY - Business Profile

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/robertggross-newyork-ny...


View up to date company information for ROBERT G GROSS in the NEW YORK, NY Credibility Review business directory. Search companies at DandB.com.


ROBERT G GROSS Arrest - Florida Department of Corrections

https://jailalert.com/arrest-records/robert-g-gross-2553470.html


Arrested Person: Robert G Gross. Arrested by: Florida Department of Corrections. Arrest Date: 05/13/2015.


Robert G. (Bob) Gross | Obituaries | hanfordsentinel.com

hanfordsentinel.com/obituaries/robert-g-bob-gross/image_0c500d92-c...


Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another ...










Robert Gross | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Robert Gross



Find Robert Gross Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Robert Gross | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Robert Gross



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare




We Found Someone | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Name



See anyone's Current Address, Phone Email, and More. Search for Free




Search Robert Gross - Looking for Robert Gross?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Robert Gross? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records



Best People Search



12345Next






Answers







Robert E. Gross (businessman)



Robert Ellsworth Gross (May 11, 1897 – September 3, 1961) was an American businessman involved in the field of aviation. His first venture, the Viking...

more






Robert Edward Gross



Robert Edward Gross (July 2, 1905 – October 11, 1988) was an American surgeon and a medical researcher. He performed early work in pediatric heart...

more






Robert A. Gross



Robert Alan Gross (born Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American historian, and is James L. and Shirley A. Draper Professor of Early American History at...

more










News Results






Grosse frayeur à l'atterrissage



Le Matin Accueil

 - Jul 19


Les passagers d'un vol Ryanair en provenance des îles Canaries ont subi un atterrissage viril, vendredi dernier, à Leeds. Signaler une erreur Vous...

more





Gross Out Camp



Decatur Daily - Decatur AL Sports

 - Jul 20


Campers get up close and personal with reptiles at Gross Out Camp.

more





Gross Out Camp



Decatur Daily - Decatur AL Business

 - Jul 20


Campers get up close and personal with reptiles at Gross Out Camp.

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








