 



GROUNDFLOOR Receives Historic SEC Qualification to Take Private Lending Public | Business Wire


























































GROUNDFLOOR Receives Historic SEC Qualification to Take Private 
      Lending Public




Company Becomes First Issuer Qualified Under New Regulation A+; Opens 
      Real Estate Microlending to Millions of Non-Accredited Investors






September 01, 2015 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ATLANTA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GROUNDFLOOR, 
      the first public lending community for real estate, today announced the 
      company has qualified with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      (SEC) to sell securities to non-accredited investors under the amended Regulation 
      A (referred to as Regulation A+). On the heels of a successful pilot 
      in Georgia, GROUNDFLOOR will soon begin a limited rollout period in 8 
      new states.
    


      GROUNDFLOOR is the first company to achieve SEC qualification for 
      peer-to-peer microlending since Prosper and Lending Club in 2009. 
      They are also the first company ever to qualify for real estate 
      microlending, and the first issuer to complete the new North 
      American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Coordinated 
      Review Process, which is designed to facilitate the filing of 
      Regulation A offerings in multiple U.S. jurisdictions.
    

      GROUNDFLOOR’s Georgia intrastate pilot funded over $2 million worth of 
      real estate project loans to commercial borrowers, with no defaults and 
      over $800,000 of lender principal and interest repaid to date. During 
      the pilot, the typical loan term was six months to a year, with a 
      typical size of $50,000 to $100,000 per loan and average annualized 
      yield of over 12 percent. In November 2014, the company reduced the cost 
      of each unit of investment in loans from $100 to the current $10. As it 
      expands nationwide, GROUNDFLOOR will continue to offer individual 
      investors access, choice and value that far exceed the personal finance 
      status quo.
    

      “Today is a breakthrough moment for alternative finance. Private lending 
      is going public,” said Brian Dally, co-founder and CEO at GROUNDFLOOR. 
      “Our qualification paves the way to open a $70 billion real estate 
      lending market to all. We look forward to serving millions of individual 
      investors and thousands of commercial borrowers in Georgia and beyond.”
    

      Current GROUNDFLOOR lenders in Georgia and residents of eight newly 
      approved jurisdictions will soon have the right to invest in loans 
      nationwide. The initial set of approved jurisdictions include 
      California, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Texas, Virginia, 
      Washington, Georgia and the District of Columbia. The company 
      anticipates adding new investment opportunities and expanding its 
      offerings to additional states in the near future and has positioned 
      itself for aggressive growth.
    

      The SEC recently expanded 
      Regulation A, as mandated by Title IV of the Jumpstart 
      Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. The new rules, commonly referred 
      to as Regulation A+, permit qualified issuers to offer up to $50 million 
      in securities over a 12-month period in what are known as Tier 2 
      offerings. Companies electing to use Tier 1 offerings may offer up to 
      $20 million.
    

      To register for an account or learn more, please visit https://www.groundfloor.us.
    

Legal Disclaimer


      This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the 
      solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of 
      securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, 
      solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or 
      qualification under the securities laws of any such state or 
      jurisdiction.
    

      ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF A DULY 
      QUALIFIED OFFERING CIRCULAR, WHICH CAN BE OBTAINED BY QUALIFIED 
      INVESTORS THROUGH OUR PLATFORM. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR OFFERINGS MUST BE 
      READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH SUCH OFFERING CIRCULAR IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND 
      FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO 
      WHICH IT RELATES.
    

      This press release contains forward-looking statements, which include, 
      but are not limited to, statements concerning the Company and our plans 
      and projections. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as 
      predictions of future events. These forward-looking statements are 
      subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, as more 
      fully described in the Offering Circular. In light of such risks, 
      uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and 
      circumstances discussed in this press release may not occur and actual 
      results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or 
      implied in the forward-looking statements.
    

About GROUNDFLOOR


      GROUNDFLOOR is the first public lending community for real estate that 
      is 100 percent open to non-accredited investors. GROUNDFLOOR leverages 
      an innovative application of existing securities law and a proprietary 
      underwriting engine to open up the market for private real estate 
      lending to all. The company offers non-accredited and accredited 
      investors alike access to participate in short-term commercial loans 
      backed by residential property.
    

      Founded in February 2013 by Brian Dally and Nick Bhargava, GROUNDFLOOR 
      is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with a fast-growing team of 
      crowdfunding, real estate and finance experts.
    

      For more information, visit: https://www.groundfloor.us.
    




Contacts

      Jones-Dilworth, Inc.John Robert Reed, 512-567-9768johnrobert@jones-dilworth.com















Contacts

      Jones-Dilworth, Inc.John Robert Reed, 512-567-9768johnrobert@jones-dilworth.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up






















GROUNDFLOOR Is Breaking New Ground With The World’s First Regulation A+ Deal - Lend Academy





































































 

Lend AcademyTeaching the World About Peer to Peer Lending 


GROUNDFLOOR Is Breaking New Ground With The World’s First Regulation A+ Deal
Making real estate crowdfunded loans available to retail investors for the first time.September 4, 2015 By Ryan Lichtenwald 13 Comments 
I have been following GROUNDFLOOR, a real estate crowdfunding company for a couple of years now and what was most interesting to me was that they have always focused on the retail investor.  Previously, investing was only available under a special exemption in Georgia, but it was clear that they wanted to open access to everyone to invest in real estate crowdfunding and this week they made it official. I had a chance to catch up with Brian Dally, Co-Founder and CEO to learn more about this announcement and his company.
Going through SEC registration is an expensive and onerous process. Due to the immense interest from institutional capital, both new marketplace lenders and real estate crowdfunding platforms haven’t had to seek retail capital. Which has left investors like me with just two options: Lending Club and Prosper. It is nice to see another company focus on the retail investor.
When I asked Brian about the focus on retail capital he said that they believe that the performance of a capital market is really dependent on the source of capital in the market. They set out to build the largest breadth of product that would end up creating the fastest, cheapest and best source of capital. GROUNDFLOOR was purposely built to serve retail investors. Brian also noted that they had several opportunities to partner with institutional money, but turned them all down. At this stage they want to focus on the retail investor, where no one else is focused.
Not only are they the first real estate crowdfunding to achieve SEC qualification, but they have approached this in a completely different way to Lending Club and Prosper. They are doing an amended Tier 1 Regulation A offering, often referred to as Regulation A+. The process GROUNDFLOOR took is not the same as the one Lending Club and Prosper took, which was through an S-1 filing. The advantage of the S-1 is the ability to sell an unlimited amount of securities, but that comes at a very high legal and regulatory cost. The advantage of a Tier 1 Regulation A+ offering is a lower cost, lower reporting requirement method to reach non-accredited investors, but it is limited to an offering of up to $20 million.  GROUNDFLOOR is groundbreaking.  They are the first company that we are aware of to utilize Regulation A+ since it became operable through the JOBS Act on June 19, 2015. 
To date, they have originated over $2 million on their platform across 42 projects. Loans are fractionalized, with the minimum investment being just $10. With this announcement, lending will open up in California, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Georgia and the District of Columbia. GROUNDFLOOR uses a similar note structure to Lending Club and Prosper called a borrower payment dependent note. However, their loans are much shorter and they are secured by real estate. 
A typical loan through GROUNDFLOOR is six months to one year in length, with a loan amount of $50,000 to $100,000 per loan. Loans are typically made to developers for fix and flips projects for single family residential projects.  Since these are relatively short loans, the end result is usually a sale of the home. Borrowers are charged an origination fee of 2.5% and servicing fees of 1.5% upon repayment. While investors do not pay any fees, they are subject to formation costs for the offering that can range from 2-5%+.  Average annualized yields for the investment is over 12%. 
When it comes to expansion, Brian mentioned that they are working on other states, but there is a regulatory burden of both compliance and disclosure. They set out to find the states that had the most exciting real estate markets and where they felt there was a big enough base. There were several other factors including size, nature of the real estate market and state laws. Just like Lending Club and Prosper, they have to comply with state and federal laws. The states chosen were ones they felt they could collaborate successfully with.
Brian had several interesting things to say about their growth. Since they were in a pilot, they didn’t emphasize growth and instead focused on the quality of the lending volume. However, that is not to say they haven’t been lending more. When they first started, they did 1 or 2 projects per month and late last year, this increased to between 5 and 7. This pilot was deliberate so they could go through a full cycle. Now they have had $800k repaid on the platform.
In November, they introduced GROUNDFLOOR 2.0, which lowered the minimum investment from $100 to $10. They introduced a grading algorithm and added other features as well. While some real estate crowdfunding companies have been focused on growth, GROUNDFLOOR has focused on product development. They want to understand the consumer and build the right experience before they scale.
Investing in real estate crowdfunding is something that has been previously off-limits to retail investors and it is great to see that retail investors will now have direct access. As the company continues to grow, it will become easier to invest in hundreds of properties. More importantly, it will be easy to be diversified with a relatively small investment. It will be interesting to see if any other real estate crowdfunding sites follow suit.
If you’re interested in learning more about GROUNDFLOOR, you can view their company demo from LendIt USA 2015. Here is the GROUNDFLOOR press release.


Comments




Fred93 says 
September 4, 2015 at 11:17 pm 

Thank you for introducing us to these folks.
They’re a startup who publishes no information at all about their financial condition.  I found no financial information of any kind on their web site.  Not the tiniest bit!  Did I miss something?
Before I send money I need some clue that they’re a suitable organization.  Need to believe there’s a chance they will still be around for awhile after I buy notes from them.  How do I get that belief?  
In the early days of Prosper and Lending Club, both listed the VCs who funded them.  At least that told us they had some serious backing.  Every other P2P guy at least does that.  Later they filed detailed financial data with SEC.

Reply






Nick says 
February 9, 2017 at 3:01 pm 

My wife and I tried this, our first $250 loan matured December 7th, 2016.  It is now February 9th, 2017 and we still haven’t received our return.  Supposedly he’s paying up on the 26th this month, but honestly I doubt it.  Not a sound investment compared to other proved methods.  Sure there’s risk in investing, however….  From LRO agreement found on website: “Company may negotiate to extend payment dates and could agree to a modified payment plan that could result in the LRO holder receiving less than the Expected Return at the Extended Payment Date”

Reply








Fred93 says 
September 4, 2015 at 11:30 pm 

Perhaps they display some financial info to those who have been invited?

Reply






Brian Dally says 
September 6, 2015 at 3:20 pm 

Fred93, thanks for your interest. We agree. It is important that an issuer such as GROUNDFLOOR, LendingClub and Prosper publish full financial data and other background. 
For the time being, we are purposefully in a limited release period following qualification of our offering by the SEC. We realize that the publicly available part of our website does not contain all of the information one might require to consider investing with us. As you posit in your follow-up comment, our website does make additional information available to those who have been invited to participate in lending during our limited release. 
Anyone who is a regular reader of this blog and would like to participate during the limited release, please email me at brian at groundfloor dot us. We would be pleased to invite you and hear your feedback.
Our SEC filings contain full details about the company and our offering. They are freely available to the public via EDGAR at this link: http://1.usa.gov/1iqt9lv.
Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO
GROUNDFLOOR Finance Inc.

Reply






Fred93 says 
September 6, 2015 at 9:04 pm 

There is a registration wall (you have to create an account), and a beta test wall (you have to be invited), but with a little email exchange with the Groundfloor folks I got thru both, and now have access to all the documents.  Now that I have access, the documents look very thorough.  
It turns out that the same material is available on SEC EDGAR as well, although it is not easy to access there.  I eventually found it.  (To get the offering memorandum, you click on the most recent Form 1-A/A, and then click on “part II”.)  If I had understood that the stuff was all on EDGAR I wouldn’t have bothered the Groundfloor guys, but this Reg A stuff is all new to me, so nothing about it was obvious.
These fellows have done a lot of work, and look to be set up in a more organized and thoughtful fashion than the other real estate P2P guys.  At this point I’m impressed.

Reply






Tony Gutierrez says 
September 9, 2015 at 9:41 pm 

I’ve been investing with them for a while here in GA and have only positive reviews of the platform and the team.

Reply






Matt says 
April 26, 2016 at 8:42 am 

Does anyone know of a similar model that pays the interest to lenders ons monthly basis?…. Groundfloor only pays at the end of the note.
Thx

Reply








Mike M says 
April 4, 2016 at 11:37 am 

Hi Peter, Could you do a follow up on this company? I’ve tried getting more performance data from their site but it looks like a lot of their Loan Details links are broken. Also, it looks like the majority of the paid off loans are paid off long before their term.

Reply






Ryan Lichtenwald says 
April 6, 2016 at 8:53 am 

Hi Mike, it may be some time before we get around to this. I’d suggest reaching out directly or seeing if anyone on the Lend Academy forum has any first-hand experience with them.

Reply






Tony Gutierrez says 
April 6, 2016 at 9:02 am 

I can tell you about my experience as a long time user. 
Their website does sometime suffer from glitches, but I chalk this up to their small core team size during their initial trial entrance to the business. They just secured 5mil series A so I would expect a more refined website in the future.
A lot of loans do repay before the full term, but its easy enough to reinvest in another and keep the annual interest earnings up. 
The loans sell out rather quickly lately as interest has increased.

Reply








Joseph says 
April 24, 2016 at 10:32 pm 

Took a look at their site and i feel it is missing some really important data. There is no data on their loan performance. How many are paid off late, or early?! How do they determine credit worthiness of individuals or businesses.

Reply






Tony says 
April 25, 2016 at 8:58 am 

So far all have been paid back (no defaults). I agree there could be more data about when they are paid. I know there is a lot of info on the site about their loan grading system, but not sure about credit worthiness of the borrowers themselves. No matter how you cut it, its more secured than something like Lending Club.

Reply






Brian Dally says 
April 25, 2016 at 8:21 pm 

Joseph, thanks for spending time to have a look at Groundfloor. We’re still the only issuer qualified by the SEC for non-accredited investors to participate in direct/p2p real estate lending. Everything you’re seeking (and much more) is therefore available in our public filings. We are developing systems to allow for more efficient and easy to use disclosure via our website for the data you’re seeking. For now, we have to point you to the filings.
Our public filings are available here for ease of reference (also via the SEC’s EDGAR database):
https://www.groundfloor.us/amendments
Loan performance data is disclosed in our Supplemental Filings, the most recent of which is Supplement No.4 (see pages 3-5):
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588504/000114420416095831/v437713_253g2.htm
.
The full details on how we grade loans, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers, are available in our Offering Circular, the most recent of which is No.3 (see pages 36-57):
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588504/000114420415069912/v426459_partiiandiii.htm
As detailed in the Offering Circular, every loan includes a full breakdown of the grading factors as applied to it specifically. 
I hope this information is helpful. Feel free to reach me directly by emailing brian at groundfloor dot us. We’d be pleased to have your feedback, as we’ve found that readers of this blog offer helpful perspective and ideas as to how we can continue to improve as we grow.
Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO
GROUNDFLOOR

Reply




 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 

Next LendIt Event



 

Invest with Lend Academy




Reviews for Investors
Lending Club Review

Prosper Review


Recommended Reading
The Pure Marketplace Lending Model is Dead, the Hybrid Takes its Place

The 2016 Lending Club and Prosper Tax Guide

My Returns at Lending Club and Prosper

Map of Available States for Lending Club and Prosper Investors

Banks and Marketplace Lending Platforms: Ideal Partners?

The Lend Academy Podcast




List of Podcast Episodes

Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 July 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 October 2009 
 August 2009 
 May 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 


 Follow @LendAcademy


About Lend Academy
Lend Academy has been bringing you all the news and information about peer to peer lending since 2010.  Founded by Peter Renton, Lend Academy not only has the most active news site, but also the largest online forum and the first and most popular podcast in the industry. 

The Lend Academy team  loves peer to peer lending and our staff have all invested their own personal money in one or more of the platforms.  Lend Academy Media is part of Cardinal Rose Group which also owns LendIt, the leading industry conference, and has a majority interest in NSR Invest.

  Recent Posts


Prosper Shutting Down Their Prosper Daily Finance App


How AI & Machine Learning Can Fix the Broken Credit Scoring System


The New Breed of Small Business Lenders: Amazon, Paypal and Square


Marketplace Lending News Roundup – July 22


Podcast 110: Ben Miller of Fundrise



Tags
accredited investors
banking
Banks
borrowing
China
Conference
credit risk
crowdfunding
diversification
Earnings
fintech
FOLIOfn
Funding Circle
institutional investing
interest rates
investing
IPO
IRA
lending
Lending Club
LendIt
lendstats
loan filters
marketplace lending
monthly charts
Net Annualized Return
p2p lending
Prosper
Quarterly Results
real estate
regulation
ROI
sec
securitization
SLN News
small business loans
SoFi
statistics
student loans
taxes
UK
underwriting
venture capital
video
XIRR

 








































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















GROUNDFLOOR | What are you building?








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







SIGN UP




LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password



















LOG IN

Email





Password


Forgot password






LOG IN 





Dont have an account?



Sign up

to fund a new project or expand your portfolio













      NEED HELP?
    






        For lender questions:
support@groundfloor.us

        404-850-9223




        For borrower questions:
borrower@groundfloor.us

        404-850-9224






    Phone hours: 9:00am - 5:00pm EST, Mon-Fri
  












GROUNDFLOOR FINANCE INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      GROUNDFLOOR FINANCE INC.
                    

•   ATLANTA, 2Q
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Groundfloor Finance is based out of Atlanta.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-04-04.  The notice  included securities offered of Debt
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from GROUNDFLOOR FINANCE INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




groundfloor finance inc.


3423 PIEDMONT RD NE

ATLANTA
2Q
                                                        
                                                    30305


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      919-442-8625
SEC SIC CODE:6500-REAL ESTATE







Recent SEC Filings




QUALIF filed on 07/26/2017
1-A POS filed on 07/21/2017
QUALIF filed on 07/14/2017
1-A POS filed on 07/10/2017
253G2 filed on 06/13/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/25/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/20/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/05/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/03/2017
253G2 filed on 05/12/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-04-04
D
OTHER

      Debt
    
1,000,000
525,000
475,000


2017-02-16
D
OTHER

      Other
    
2,000,000
169,850
1,830,150


2015-12-09
D
OTHER

      Equity
    
5,000,000
5,000,000
0


2014-07-17
D/A
OTHER

      Debt
    
750,000
450,000
300,000


2014-03-10
D/A
OTHER

      Debt
    
300,000
255,000
45,000


2013-12-27
D/A
OTHER

      Debt
    
250,000
165,000
85,000


2013-10-07
D
OTHER

      Debt
    
150,000
125,000
25,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




BRIAN   DALLY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



BRUCE   BOEHM

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL D.  OLANDER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



NIKHIL   BHARGAVA

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



RICHARD   TULEY

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



SERGEI   KOUZMINE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc. | Reviews and Complaints































Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.



Request a Quote

































GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(404) 594-7873

GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.
4 years in business

        75 5th St NW STE 214
        Atlanta, GA 30308-1068
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (678) 701-1194
                        

                            (404) 850-9223
                        

                            (404) 850-9224
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            borrower@groundfloor.us
                        

                            support@groundfloor.us
                        

                            arthur@groundfloor.us
                        

                            lauren@groundfloor.us
                        

                            lauren@groundfloor.us
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 08/06/2015
            

                Business Started: 07/26/2013


                Business Started Locally: 07/28/2014
            

                Business Incorporated: 07/28/2014 in GA





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Nick Bhargava, Executive Vice President
                

                    Mr. Brian Dally, Founder/CEO
                

                    Ms. Lauren FitzHugh, Senior Marketing Manager
                

                    Mr. Arthur Schleifer, Chief Marketing Officer
                





            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Ms. Dee Dee Stevens
                





            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            




                            Real Estate Loans
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









 



























GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 08/21/2015










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[1] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[0] Negative Reviews



[1] Total Customer Reviews
                        




                        This business has no complaints filed
                    









Composite Score:





                        GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc. has received 5 out of 5 stars based on 1 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




























 































  GROUNDFLOOR |
  
    Portal
  





















INVEST


BORROW


BLOG


ABOUT


SIGN UP


LOG IN









Support Center












Have a Question?  Ask or enter a search term here.







Browse by Topic




Company Information

                  9
                  Articles
                  View All



What is GROUNDFLOOR?


How does GROUNDFLOOR work?


Why hasn't this been possible befor...


When will GROUNDFLOOR offer investments ...


What kinds of real estate can I invest i...





Investors

                  11
                  Articles
                  View All



Do I have to be an accredited investor t...


What am I actually investing in?


What is my legal relationship with GROUN...


What happens if a loan doesn't full...


How are interest rates assigned to loans...






Borrowers

                  11
                  Articles
                  View All



How do I submit a project and get a rate...


What kinds of rates does GROUNDFLOOR off...


Does GROUNDFLOOR charge me fees?


What kinds of real estate project does G...


How much money can I borrow with GROUNDF...





Loans

                  1
                  Article
                  View All



What does Groundfloor do with any money ...






Account Settings

                  4
                  Articles
                  View All



How do I reset my password?


Why do you need my social security numbe...


Why do you need my bank account?


How do I initiate a funds transfer?












  © 2017 Groundfloor. All rights reserved. 
  

  WE MAY SOLICIT INTEREST FROM RESIDENTS OF A LIMITED NUMBER OF STATES: MA, MD, DC, VA, GA, IL, TX, WA, CA 
  
The information on this website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to make an investment (the “Investment”) in the limited recourse obligations (or “LROs”) described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which we are not qualified to do so. No such offer or solicitation will be made prior to the delivery of definitive documentation relating to the matters described herein. All Investments carry risks. Before making an investment decision with respect to an Investment in a particular series of LROs, potential investors are advised to carefully read the investment agreement that will govern the Investment and the related subscription, solicitation of interest and offering circular documents (the “Documents”). You should consult with your own attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors prior to making an Investment. 
  
This overview contains a preliminary summary of the purpose and principal business terms of the Investment. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed discussion contained in the actual text of the Documents. 
  
ANY PROJECT SPECIFIC INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE OFFERING CIRCULAR IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS AND RISKS OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO WHICH IT RELATES. A COPY OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR MUST BE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
  
Disclaimer: Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission or regulatory authority approved, passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering described in the Offering Circular or reflected on this website. 
  
GROUNDFLOOR’s services do not constitute “crowdfunding” as described in Title III of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (“JOBS Act”).


        Powered by  Desk.com
      







Contact Us




Email Us


              Phone: 678-701-1194
            












c0d6c1ed556dff730f9e8768a28d3f41@groundfloor.desk-mail.com
http://assets3.desk.com/
false
desk
Loading
seconds ago
a minute ago
minutes ago
an hour ago
hours ago
a day ago
days ago
about
false
Invalid characters found
/customer/portal/articles/autocomplete













Job Openings at GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







SIGN UP




LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password














    Find your path
  



    At GROUNDFLOOR, we value personal and professional integrity above all else, while celebrating and cultivating individual talent. We do this by by surrounding ourselves with strong individuals who value collaboration. Are you a big thinker and doer with an interest in our audacious mission to take private lending public? Join us. 
  



    Headquarters
  









          Headquartered at Tech Square in the Midtown area of Atlanta,
         GROUNDFLOOR has created new investment opportunities for non-accredited investors and streamlines access to financing for independent builders.  You may not completely know what all of that means, but we promise we're not just tooting our own horn when we say that what we've built is one-of-a-kind.
        

          If you are interested in helping to create something truly innovative, please get in touch. We are always looking for great people.  And we are also very passionate about chocolate.
        

          Please send your resumé to
          careers@groundfloor.us









CURRENT OPENINGS








 Leadership


 Development


 Marketing


 Sales and Operations






Chief Financial Officer 


Submit Resumé





                  JOB DESCRIPTION
                
Startup Strategy & Operations: Assist the Chief Executive Officer in planning for and closing additional rounds of capital sufficient to develop and grow the company. Play a key role within senior management team to formulate strategy and manage operations.
Financial Operations: Develop, manage and evolve appropriate processes and controls for transactions to and from retail investors and borrowers. Properly account for transactions related to the origination and repayment of real estate loans. At scale, the operation will consist of tens of thousands of monthly transfers and hundreds of real estate transactions in 50 to 100 localities nationwide. Solutions must be tax compliant and efficient for highly scalable business operations.
Regulatory Compliance: In collaboration with the Executive Vice President of Legal & Regulatory Affairs, ensure compliance with relevant federal and state securities laws. We are currently qualifying an umbrella offering under Regulation A as one step along a more extensive regulatory roadmap. Our offering circular already exceeds 350 pages, including fully audited financials.

                  PRODUCT
                
GROUNDFLOOR takes private lending public. We offer access for non-accredited and accredited investors to participate directly in short-term commercial construction loans backed by residential property, hyper-fractionalized to $10, at yields of 5-26%.
Even for accredited investors, high minimum requirements for capital and expertise conspire with securities regulations to block the vast majority of investors from participating in the lucrative market for private lending in real estate. Leveraging our proprietary underwriting engine and innovative application of existing securities law, we solve the hunt for yield for over 250 million non-accredited investors in the U.S.
We are the only "crowdfunding" platform in real estate that offers 100% of its loans for participation by all.

                  WHY US?
                
At GROUNDFLOOR, we believe that the broadest, most inclusive capital markets win -- for its participants and for society at large -- for the same reasons, functioning in the same way that the Internet itself does. While "crowdfunding for real estate" is a hot market, we stand alone as the only platform open to participation by all, including non-accredited investors. We view ourselves as creating a consumer product in finance with the same scale of impact and implications as the online discount brokerage industry had when it arose in the 1980s and 1990s.
Our team has succeeded before together, creating and launching Republic Wireless, a highly successful wireless company, in 2010-12. Our investor group is strong, and very committed. It's not too late to have a big impact on the culture we're building. Join us!

GROUNDFLOOR	Finance,	Inc. is	an	Equal	Opportunity	Employer	and	does	not	discriminate	against	any	employee	or	applicant	for	employment	because	of	race,	color, sex,	age,	national	origin,	religion,	sexual	orientation,	gender	identity	and/or	expression,	status	as	a	veteran,	and	basis	of	disability	or	any	other	federal,	state	or	local	protected class.                  







Devops Engineer 


Submit Resumé




GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta­based fintech startup opening the market for peer­to­peer lending in real estate. We're looking for an accomplished devops engineer to identify, troubleshoot and resolve software and service issues. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity.

Requirements:

3+ years experience in Systems Engineering/DevOps role.
1+ year of ruby (Other OO languages will be considered). 
You function well in a fast-paced, informal environment where constant change is the norm and the bar for quality is set high.
You have a technical background and a BS or MS in a computer-related or hard science field.

Communication:

You communicate clearly and efficiently in verbal and written communication both inside and outside of the team.

Technical Skills:

Understand that programming languages are tools, not ideologies and are comfortable working in the right one for the task at hand (we use Ruby on Rails).
Demonstrated ability to work with SQL and databases.
Experience with highly available and high-performance open source web technologies.
Experience troubleshooting problems and working with a team to resolve large scale production issues.

Bonus Points:

You feel comfortable doing things, even when no one is telling you exactly what to do.
The idea of owning our back office.
You are not wedded to any particular development philosophy or buzzword; instead you believe in adapting your skills to the needs and personalities on a team as it grows.
You know and love Postgres.
Rails and activeadmin are great tools that you love to use.

Here's how we interview:
You will have a quick (30min or less) video or phone call to kick off the process.  You will be asked some general questions about your development history and style. Of course you will have plenty of opportunity to ask us anything that might be on your mind. 
If things go well we will ask you to do some work on a very small sample project.  Fork a github repo, fix a couple of bugs and add any additional items that you want to show us how you typically work.   We expect this exercise to take a couple of hours at most.   This is meant to give us a small sense what you do and how you do it.  
Finally if things are still looking good you will be asked to join us for a team lunch and then spend the afternoon reviewing your project, talking about work and getting to know the team a little more.

GROUNDFLOOR is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.





Senior Developer 


Submit Resumé




GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta-based fintech startup opening the market for peer-to-peer lending in real estate. We're looking for a senior developer to build a broad variety of multimodal consumer, B-to-B and internal user experiences. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity.

Requirements:

5+ years experience with Ruby and Rails.
Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large-scale web application, and mastery of your favorite application framework. 
You function well in a fast-paced, informal environment where constant change is the norm and the bar for quality is set high.
You have a technical background and a BS or MS in a computer-related or hard science field.

Communication:

You can concisely explain a deep, technical solution in a way my grandmother could understand.
You communicate clearly and efficiently in verbal and written communication both inside and outside of the team.
You are extremely comfortable working directly with customers/end-users and partners.

Technical Skills:

Understand that programming languages are tools, not ideologies and are comfortable working in the right one for the task at hand (we use Ruby, and Javascript, mostly).
Demonstrated ability to master any programming domain, given a little time to do so.
Experience with git and github.
Experience with messaging and event driven processing.

Database:

Battle-worn Postgres knowledge, especially around scaling applications. You can talk at great length about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs.
Writing SQL queries by hand does not scare you. You can articulate the difference between stored procedures and triggers, as well as, inner and outer joins.

Infrastructure:

You know and love heroku, amazon and other cloud based platforms and tools.

Bonus Points:

You feel comfortable doing things, even when no one is telling you exactly what to do.
The idea of owning a large portion of a codebase fills you with joy.
You take pleasure in helping others around you become better developers, and working to make the people around you successful.
You are not wedded to any particular development philosophy or buzzword; instead you believe in adapting your skills to the needs and personalities on a team as it grows.

Here's how we interview:
You will have a quick (30min or less) video or phone call to kick off the process.  You will be asked some general questions about your development history and style. Of course you will have plenty of opportunity to ask us anything that might be on your mind. 
If things go well we will ask you to do some work on a very small sample project.  Fork a github repo, fix a couple of bugs and add any additional items that you want to show us how you typically work.   We expect this exercise to take a couple of hours at most.   This is meant to give us a small sense what you do and how you do it.  
Finally if things are still looking good you will be asked to join us for a team lunch and then spend the afternoon reviewing your project, talking about work and getting to know the team a little more.

GROUNDFLOOR is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.





Software Developer 


Submit Resumé




GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta-based fintech startup opening the market for peer-to-peer lending in real estate. We're looking for a software developer to help build a broad variety of multimodal consumer and B-to-B user experiences. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity.

Requirements:

1+ years experience with Ruby and Rails.
You function well in a fast-paced, informal environment where constant change is the norm and the bar for quality is set high.
You have a technical background and a BS or MS in a computer-related or hard science field.

Communication:

You communicate clearly and efficiently in verbal and written communication both inside and outside of the team.

Technical Skills:

Understand that programming languages are tools, not ideologies and are comfortable working in the right one for the task at hand (we use Ruby, and Javascript, mostly).
Demonstrated ability to work with JSON, HTML and JS.
Experience with git and github.
Familiarity with Postgres, through active record or sql.

Bonus Points:

You feel comfortable doing things, even when no one is telling you exactly what to do.
The idea of owning a large portion of a codebase fills you with joy.
You are not wedded to any particular development philosophy or buzzword; instead you believe in adapting your skills to the needs and personalities on a team as it grows.
You have played with messaging frameworks or other event driven processes.
Writing an API is something you have done or sounds exhilarating to you.

Here's how we interview:
You will have a quick (30min or less) video or phone call to kick off the process.  You will be asked some general questions about your development history and style. Of course you will have plenty of opportunity to ask us anything that might be on your mind. 
If things go well we will ask you to do some work on a very small sample project.  Fork a github repo, fix a couple of bugs and add any additional items that you want to show us how you typically work.   We expect this exercise to take a couple of hours at most.   This is meant to give us a small sense what you do and how you do it.  
Finally if things are still looking good you will be asked to join us for a team lunch and then spend the afternoon reviewing your project, talking about work and getting to know the team a little more.

GROUNDFLOOR is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.





Senior Frontend Developer 


Submit Resumé




GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta-based fintech startup opening the market for peer-to-peer lending in real estate. We're looking for a senior front-end developer to build a broad variety of multimodal consumer and B-to-B user experiences. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity. 

Requirements:

5+ years' experience with javascript and javascript related frameworks. 
Understanding of the various aspects involved in running a large-scale web application, and mastery of your favorite application framework.
You function well in a fast-paced, informal environment where constant change is the norm and the bar for quality is set high.
You have a technical background and a BS or MS in a computer-related or hard science field.

Communication:

You can concisely explain a deep, technical solution in a way my grandmother could understand.
You communicate clearly and efficiently in verbal and written communication both inside and outside of the team.
You are extremely comfortable working directly with customers/end-users and partners.

Technical Skills:

Battle-worn javascript knowledge, especially around scaling and debugging large single page applications. You can talk at great length about how you've done this right and wrong at your previous jobs.
You can compare and contrast the details of why Ember is better than Angular or vice versa.
Experience designing or working to design large API's.
Understand that programming languages are tools, not ideologies and are comfortable working in the right one for the task at hand.
Demonstrated ability to master any programming domain, given a little time to do so.
Experience with git and github.
Experience with messaging and event driven processing.

Infrastructure:

You know and love heroku, amazon and other cloud based platforms and tools.

Bonus Points:

Experience with React a strong plus.
You feel comfortable doing things, even when no one is telling you exactly what to do.
The idea of owning a large portion of a codebase fills you with joy.
You take pleasure in helping others around you become better developers, and working to make the people around you successful.
You are not wedded to any particular development philosophy or buzzword; instead you believe in adapting your skills to the needs and personalities on a team as it grows.

Here's how we interview:
You will have a quick (30min or less) video or phone call to kick off the process.  You will be asked some general questions about your development history and style. Of course you will have plenty of opportunity to ask us anything that might be on your mind. 
If things go well we will ask you to do some work on a very small sample project.  Fork a github repo, fix a couple of bugs and add any additional items that you want to show us how you typically work.   We expect this exercise to take a couple of hours at most.   This is meant to give us a small sense what you do and how you do it.  
Finally if things are still looking good you will be asked to join us for a team lunch and then spend the afternoon reviewing your project, talking about work and getting to know the team a little more.

GROUNDFLOOR is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.





Interaction Designer 


Submit Resumé




GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta-based fintech startup opening the market for peer-to-peer lending in real estate. We're looking for an accomplished interaction designer to define, shape and evolve a broad variety of multimodal consumer, B-to-B and internal user experiences. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity.

Key Qualifications:

Degree in interaction design, visual design, or equivalent experience.
Background in painting and/or illustration highly desirable.
3-5 years experience designing desktop, mobile or web applications.
Expert knowledge of user-centered design principles.
Demonstrable mastery of Photoshop, Illustrator, or other design tools.
Ability to do rapid prototyping in HTML5.
Great written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent collaborative skills.
Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules.
Expert level knowledge of graphic design tools, such as: Photoshop and Illustrator.

Description:
GROUNDFLOOR is seeking an Interaction Designer with a passion for great design, a superb aesthetic sense, an exceptional eye for detail and a deep appreciation for and ability to create simple solutions to complex problems.  The ideal candidate is a brilliant problem solver, quick study, self starter, and excellent communicator with a passion for great design and the ability to achieve it. The candidate possesses that rare blend of interaction design, visual design, and prototyping skills. From brainstorming through implementation, the Interaction Designer will work with members of the software, marketing and executive teams. He or she must excel at creating designs that are simple, elegant, useful and trustworthy. Must also possess a relentless attention to detail and an uncommon eye for aesthetic taste and quality.  This person will have a direct influence on the future our of platform.
Education:

Education BS or equivalent in media arts or graphic design related field.


GROUNDFLOOR is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.







No current openings







Manager, Loan Originations 


Submit Resumé





                  Are you interested in joining a startup and helping it reach the next stage of growth? Are you a proven real estate professional with a successful track record of lending, particularly in the private money arena for commercial loans on residential real estate?
                

                  GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta­based fintech startup opening the market for peer­to-peer lending in real estate. We're expanding our Lending Operations team, responsible for scaling best practices and efficiencies to create the best possible customer experience for our borrowers.
                
What You'll Do

Become an expert at using lead generation tools to routinely extract contacts and create accurate and targeted lists of prospects.
Conduct sales development best practices with email, phone, and social drips to connect with new prospects.
Manage the collection and organization of all elements of the loan package and coordinate submission to Loan Committee.
Find, administer, help develop and optimize the tools and services utilized by GROUNDFLOOR's sales and operations organizations as we begin to scale nationally.


What You'll Need

Bachelor's degree
Strong written communication, phone, presentation, and interpersonal skills.
Hustle and persistence
Must be comfortable and effective with top of the funnel objections, prospecting, cold calling, online, as well as have excellent interpersonal & technical skills.
Highly organized and strong time management skills.
Contagious passion and empathy for the customer, but the tenacity to get them through the sales funnel efficiently.
Experience collaborating and planning with tools such as Salesforce, Desk.com, Slack and the like.
While we are not a traditional real estate lender, experience with residential real estate is highly desired.
Experience working on a fast­ paced, highly ­visible team; your work will have serious impact here.
Balance attention to detail with swift execution  we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well.
Balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength.
Experience with standard residential real estate laws and real estate loan closings will be a significant advantage.
Desire to grow and learn new things every day.
Ability to work in fast paced, changing environment with minimal direction.


Bottom Line
You have to be ready to hustle! We move fast...done is better than perfect, and continual iteration is important. You must be ready and excited to learn on your feet and help build a growing business. This position is based in Atlanta.


                    GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.





Director, Lending Operations 


Submit Resumé





                  Are you interested in joining a startup and helping it reach the next stage of growth? Are you a proven real estate professional with a successful track record of lending, particularly in the private money arena for commercial loans on residential real estate?
                

                  GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta­based fintech startup opening the market for peer­to-peer lending in real estate. We're expanding our Lending Operations team, responsible for scaling best practices and efficiencies to create the best possible customer experience for our borrowers.
                
What You'll Do

Serve as an in­house lending expert, helping to refine our lending policy and practices.
Manage the process for underwriting loans, servicing loans and making sure our lenders are well informed and repaid.
Manage all policy related to portfolio risk management.
Manage the collection and organization of all elements of the loan package and coordinate submission to the SEC.
Lead our Loan Committee.
Find, administer, help develop and optimize the tools and services utilized by GROUNDFLOOR's operations organization as we begin to scale nationally.
Help drive the evolution of our proprietary underwriting algorithm.

What You'll Need

Bachelor's degree.
Contagious passion and empathy for the customer, but the tenacity to ensure that we have a transparent, robust and appropriate lending policy.
Experience collaborating and planning with tools such as Atlassian's JIRA and Confluence, Desk.com, Hubspot and the like is a plus.
While we are not a hard money lender; experience as a hard money lender is highly desirable.
An opinion on traditional lending policies found in the market—what's good, what's bad and how/where technology might be able to improve and influence our lending policy in order to create the best possible experience for our borrowers.
Experience working on a fast­paced, highly­visible team; your work will have serious impact here.
Balance attention to detail with swift execution ­ we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. Balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength.
Experience with standard residential real estate laws and real estate loan closings will be a significant advantage.
Desire to grow and learn new things every day.

Bottom Line
You have to be ready to hustle! We move fast...done is better than perfect, and continual iteration is important. You must be ready and excited to learn on your feet and help build a growing business.


                    GROUNDFLOOR Finance,  Inc. is an  Equal Opportunity Employer  and does  not discriminate  against any employee  or  applicant for employment  because of  race, color, sex, age,  national  origin, religion, sexual  orientation,  gender  identity  and/or  expression, status  as  a veteran,  and basis of  disability  or  any other federal,  state or  local protected class.
                  





Regional Director, Multiple Locations 


Submit Resumé




About GROUNDFLOOR

                  GROUNDFLOOR is an Atlanta-based fintech startup opening the market for peer-to-peer lending in real estate. The ideal candidate is motivated by the opportunity to build a distinctive brand, product and service that stands apart in a field of many that aim to reformat banking, finance and investing. As a company, we value and select for intellect, strategic thinking, authenticity and integrity. 
                
Job Description

                  The Regional Director is a critical role that will lead the company's growth and development in certain key geographic markets.  
                

                  Your primary focus will initially be loan (and borrower) acquisition and relationship management. However, as the lead for this new market, this will be one of the most demanding jobs that GROUNDFLOOR has to offer. It will require a unique blend of talent, guts, leadership and creativity. You'll need to have--or quickly develop--a deep understanding of the commercial loan market for residential real estate in your market.   
                
What You'll Do

Develop a loan pipeline.
Help refine our target customer, how to best reach them and determine how they want to be sold to.
Analyze loan and borrower data to find trends, and untapped opportunities.
Provide a closed customer feedback loop that helps shape product and business strategy.
Assist the marketing team in variety of local marketing campaigns and activity.
You will immerse yourself in the local real estate market including, for example, meetups and forums in order to rapidly grow brand awareness and customer adoption for both borrowers and lenders.
Help establish a predictable, repeatable funnel and playbook to scale our other cities through developing and sharing best practices.
Identify strategic partnerships and alliances in your local market.

What You'll Need

Bachelor's degree.
7+ Years sales, product and/or marketing experience.
Experience working with or as any or all of the following: hard money lenders, residential GC's, residential real estate investors, residential real estate lenders, residential real estate brokers.
Excellent communication and relational skills.
Data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking.
Deep local knowledge of the Atlanta residential real estate market (or ability to develop quickly).
Creative solutions driven mindset, with a get it done attitude.
Killer networking skills with ability to make smart partnerships happen.
Entrepreneurial DNA, hunter mindset and the fearlessness of a honey badger.
Experience opening a new market.
Product Marketing.
Intermediate Microsoft and Google for Work tools including MS Excel (pivot tables, vlookups, etc.), MS Powerpoint, MS Word, Google Sheets, Google Docs and Google Slides.
The candidate ideally has a deep "rolodex" (especially in the real estate industry). Otherwise, they'll need to be a rockstar networker!



                    GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
                  





Underwriting Manager


Submit Resumé




Are you interested in joining a startup and helping it reach the next stage of growth? Are you a proven real estate professional with a successful track record of underwriting commercial loans on residential real estate for new construction and fix & flips?
GROUNDFLOOR is looking to establish its underwriting team that is responsible for scaling best practices and efficiencies to help ensure that we are lending to the right people on the right projects.
What You'll Do

Underwrite commercial loans on residential real estate.
Help manage all policy related to portfolio risk management and risk mitigation for the entire loan life cycle (including originations, closings and draw administration).
Develop best practices and process for underwriting and risk management throughout the loan life cycle.
Ensure that all loans are underwritten according to our disclosures with the SEC as well as GROUNDFLOOR lenders.
Participate in and help structure our Loan Committee, particularly as we scale and expand nationally.
Find, administer, help develop and optimize the tools and services utilized by GROUNDFLOOR's Lending Operations as they relate to underwriting and risk management.

What You'll Need

Bachelor's degree.
Experience underwriting commercial loans on residential real estate.
Experience with (or as) a general contractor, particularly experience estimating budgets for fix & flips and new construction of single-family residential properties in multiple geographies.
Experience with standard industry tools such as MLS, etc.
Contagious passion and empathy for the customer, but the tenacity to help ensure that we have a transparent, robust and appropriate lending policy.
While we are not a hard money lender, experience as a hard money lender is highly desirable.
An opinion on traditional lending and underwriting policies found in the market—what's good, what's bad and how/where technology might be able to improve and influence our lending policy in order to create the best possible experience for our borrowers.
Experience collaborating and planning with tools such as Atlassian's JIRA and Confluence, Desk.com, Hubspot and the like is a plus.
Experience working on a fast-paced, highly-visible team; your work will have serious impact here.
Balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. Balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength.
Desire to grow and learn new things every day.

Bottom Line
You have to be ready to hustle! We move fast...done is better than perfect, and continual iteration is important. You must be ready and excited to learn on your feet and help build a growing business.


                    GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
                  


















Real Estate Borrowers | GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







LOG IN











×









How many fix & flips have you completed?
Please Select
None
1
2 - 3
4 - 10
11+




Do you have a property identified?
Please Select
Yes - Under Contract
Yes - No Contract Yet
Yes - Refi
No




How much do you need?
Please Select
50-75k
75-125k
125-250k
250-500k
500+




How did you hear about us?
Please Select
Ad - Google
Ad - Facebook
Ad - LinkedIn
Bigger Pockets
Article - On website
Article - In newspaper/magazine
REIA event
Referral from a friend
Repeat customer - Worked with Groundfloor before





NEXT








First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password


















Why Groundfloor?



Rates starting at 5.5%



Fix-and-flip hard money loans from $50,000 to $2,000,000 for
              residential properties (not owner-occupied)



Closing as fast as 15 days



No payments during term of loan



All points can be rolled into the loan



No personal guarantee required



Lend up to 70% ARV (after repair value)



Borrow up to 90% LTC (loan to cost)



Fast and simple application with minimal documentation (no tax returns, no bank statements)


A full list of our rates and fees can be found here.


Get A Rate Quote Now

          Get prequalified today and find out why NPR calls Groundfloor ‘Innovative” and why USA Today said developers have embraced Groundfloor.
          







How many fix & flips have you completed?
Please Select
None
1
2 - 3
4 - 10
11+




Do you have a property identified?
Please Select
Yes - Under Contract
Yes - No Contract Yet
Yes - Refi
No




How much do you need?
Please Select
50-75k
75-125k
125-250k
250-500k
500+




How did you hear about us?
Please Select
Ad - Google
Ad - Facebook
Ad - LinkedIn
Bigger Pockets
Article - On website
Article - In newspaper/magazine
REIA event
Referral from a friend
Repeat customer - Worked with Groundfloor before





NEXT








First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code














BACK


NEXT

























Groundfloor In The News



          "Closing the gap between the real estate investor and borrower through
          crowdfunding is what makes Groundfloor innovative"
          




          "“Developers ... have embraced the opportunity. They see it as a viable way to quickly raise cash for a project"
          







What Other Real Estate Investors Have to Say














Adam Ailion

              "My first GROUNDFLOOR project, which had 100% equity, was denied
              funding from a bank and a credit union since I owned the property
              for less than 6 months; I couldn’t even get a home equity line
              with my 740+ credit score! Thankfully Groundfloor arrived. The
              project funded relatively swiftly and the loan underwriting was
              timely and much smoother than what I’ve experienced at large
              banks. Loan servicing and post-closing support were also
              responsive and they were prompt to make payments on any
              construction draws."
              







Steve Brock

              "Groundfloor’s innovative approach to real estate financing is
              proving to be an effective way for us to keep pace with rising
              demand in our communities. I was blown away by how quickly and
              easily we were able to fund a project--it took less than 36 hours
              on our first deal."
              







John Mangham

              "We will defintely be using Groundfloor again. Groundfloor
              investors have become a meaningful part of our financing and
              business strategy. In addition to providing funds for our
              projects, we blieve that our cost of capital and fundraising
              timeline will decrease over time."
              










Is Your Project a Good Fit for Groundfloor?




            residential property: single-family or 1-4 unit.
          


            no owner-occupied, multi-family, land, new construction or blanket properties.
          


            loan between $50,000 - $250,000
          


            borrower operates under an active LLC or Corporation
          


            groundfloor will hold a senior lien position
          


            located in a state in which we actively lend
          


            principal's credit score is above 640
          









How Groundfloor Fix & Flip Loans Work


1 | APPLY


              Simple online loan application
            

              Complete at your convenience
            

              Get your rate in minutes
            




          Finance your next residential real estate project with Groundfloor.
          Applying for a loan is simple. Complete our online application and see
          your rate quote in just one click. Once your application is complete
          and submitted, our Lending Operations Team will connect with you to
          review your project and discuss details.
          








2 | FUND


              Thousands of investors funding loans
            

              Quick closing and access to funds
            

              No monthly payments
            




          Get funding fast. Once approved, we list your loan on our site and alert
          our community that a new loan is available for investment. Thousands of
          investors have the opportunity to fund your loan.
          

          When your loan is fully funded by Groundfloor investors, our Lending
          Operations Team will coordinate closing of the loan.
          









3 | FLIP


              Simple draw process for finished work
            

              Complete the renovation, sell the property
            

              Repay your Groundfloor loan
            




          Access funds efficiently. Submit draw requests throughout the life of
          the loan. Groundfloor wants your project to succeed and reimburses you
          for completed works using an efficient draw process.  Complete
          construction with no required monthly payments.  Without the burden
          of monthly interest payments you can focus on completing your project.
          














About Us | GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







SIGN UP




LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password















We are going places



    Learn more about the people behind Groundfloor.
  




MEET THE TEAM







Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO





Nick Bhargava
Co-Founder & EVP Regulatory Affairs





Chris Schmitt
VP Software





Matthew May
Chief Financial Officer





Dee Dee Stevens
Manager, Employee Relations





Hunter Stewart
Engineer





Anthony Byram
Senior Engineer





Glenn Gilbert
Director of Asset Management





Andrew Mandel
Systems Analyst





Patrick Donoghue
Director of Lending Operations





Justin Burris
Senior Engineer





Rich Pulido
SVP, Head of Lending and Risk Management





Angela Ellison
Lending Operations Manager





Matt Campbell
Director, Business Development





Cary Eisenberg
Account Management Director





Clayton Putala
Portfolio Analyst





David Ellenburg
Sales Development Representative





Deborah Johns
Senior Loan Processor





Marge Smith
Closer





Andy DeVane
Engineer





Benjamin Sutton
Controller and Director of Finance





Michelle Garrison
Head of Investor Care





Jeff Seal
Director of Account Management





Rodney Fowlkes
Engineer





Boone Kincaid
Marketing Manager





You?
Want to join our team?








BOARD OF DIRECTORS





Bruce Boehm






Michael Olander Jr.






Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr.






Brian Dally






Nick Bhargava






Serguei Kozumine









ADVISORS






Michael Goodmon
Board Observer





Jason Widen
Advisor





Merrill Mason
Advisor





Chris Matton
Advisor





Matthew Welch
Advisor





John Mangham
Advisor





John J. Healy Jr.
Advisor





Sudheer Chava
Advisor





David Morken
Board Observer














×



Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO
brian@groundfloor.us








Brian is a co-founder and director of GROUNDFLOOR and serves as our CEO. He is responsible for marketing as well as setting long term direction and goals for the company.
Brian's 15 year career building disruptive technology startups spans stints in Silicon Valley, Boston, London and the North Carolina Triangle region. Previously, he led the launch of Republic Wireless to take on the big four cellphone carriers to international acclaim. As a result, millions more Americans can now afford a smartphone.
Brian has a JD from Harvard Law School, an MBA from Harvard Business School, and a BA with Highest Distinction from the University of Virginia.













×



Nick Bhargava
Co-Founder & EVP Regulatory Affairs
nick@groundfloor.us








Nick is a co-founder and director of GROUNDFLOOR and EVP Regulatory Affairs. He leads product development and is responsible for regulatory strategy.
An expert in securities law, Nick was heavily involved in the JOBS Act as an early pioneer who advanced the concept of crowdfunding. Nick and Brian met through Groundwork Labs in the Triangle-area startup hub the American Underground. His years in finance have included work for the Financial Services Roundtable, SEC, FINRA, TD Waterhouse and RBC Financial Group.
Nick received his LLM at Duke University School of Law and holds a BS in Biological Sciences and Business from the University of Alberta.













×



Chris Schmitt
VP Software
chris@groundfloor.us








Chris writes code. Lots of it, quickly. And it works. He drives software development and technology for GROUNDFLOOR.
Chris is a full stack developer with over 15 years of software experience, including stints working in the trenches with Brian and Ben at Republic Wireless and building financial services backend systems for Fidelity. He loves agile development practices and lean startup principles. On the weekends he enjoys hanging out with his two sons or spending the afternoon flying.
Chris earned his BA from Roger Williams University.













×



Matthew May
Chief Financial Officer
matthew@groundfloor.us








Matthew is the Chief Financial Officer of GROUNDFLOOR. He is responsible for SEC compliance and overseeing our back office finance and accounting functions.
Matthew’s 20 year career in Austin and Atlanta has centered around guiding technologies through high growth. Previously, he was an audit partner with the 25th largest accounting firm in the US.
Matthew is a certified public accountant in Georgia and Texas and has a BBA in Accounting from Baylor University.













×



Dee Dee Stevens
Manager, Employee Relations
deedee@groundfloor.us








Dee Dee is our Employee Relations Manager. She manages the day to day employee needs as well as all the internal workings of the office while also assisting the Marketing VP and Brian to schedule and implement events and community outreach for GROUNDFLOOR.
Dee Dee has worked in several office administration roles and brings organizational and planning skills to the team while providing executive assistance as needed. She enjoys creative projects and celebrates company wins by providing cupcakes to the team.
Dee Dee earned her BS from the University of Alabama.













×



Hunter Stewart
Engineer
hunter@groundfloor.us



Hunter is an engineer at GROUNDFLOOR where he works on everything from developing new features to back-office systems. He loves building web applications and writing Ruby code. When he's not coding, you can find Hunter running, recording music, or at a taco truck.
Hunter graduated summa cum laude with a B.A. in Philosophy from Belhaven University where he focused on logic and Aristotelian metaphysics.













×



Anthony Byram
Senior Engineer
anthony@groundfloor.us



Anthony is a Senior Software Engineer at GROUNDFLOOR. He started programming in 8th grade and hasn't stopped since. He started his career by joining a startup as CTO where he managed technology for six years. From there, he joined another startup in the same role. With eight years of full stack web application engineering experience and technical leadership, he brings a wealth of technical knowledge to the team. He is now enjoying his role as Senior Software Developer while mastering the skills that matter most to him.
Outside of work, Anthony enjoys playing board games with his wife and children, Olympic weight lifting, cycling, and being outdoors.
Anthony studied Mathematics at the University of Michigan Ann Arbor.













×



Glenn Gilbert
Director of Asset Management
glenn@groundfloor.us








Glenn serves as our Director of Asset Management. Glenn is a construction and finance attorney from Australia who relocated to the United States in July 2012 and to assist with the establishment of a US based property company that primarily specialized in the acquisition, renovation and sale of US single family homes to investors in Australia and Asia.
During his time in the States, Glenn has been involved in over 120 property flips and brings his experience as a developer, contractor and owner to the Groundfloor asset management team to focus on borrower success throughout the loan life cycle.
Glenn graduated from Bond University in 2003 with a Bachelor of Commerce (Finance Major) and a Bachelor of Laws.  Glenn was a sitting member of the Law Institute of Victoria Property Dispute Resolution Committee throughout 2012.













×



Andrew Mandel
Systems Analyst
mandel@groundfloor.us








Andrew is the Systems Analyst here at Groundfloor. With a technical focus on the operations of the business, he will assist the Development team with optimizing and automating the customer experience - from onboarding to investing, as well as enhancing the lending operations.
Andrew comes to us from BitPay where he served as the Enterprise Relationship Manager on the Client Operations team. Prior to BitPay, he was a Technical Business Analyst with CoStar Real Estate Manager.
Andrew received his BBA in Management Information Systems from the Terry School of Business at the University of Georgia. Go Dawgs!













×



Patrick Donoghue
Director of Lending Operations




Patrick Donoghue has served as Director of Lending Operations for Groundfloor since January 2016. Prior to this Patrick served as Senior Associate for RevitaLending where he worked to optimize the firm’s capital market structure and proliferate the loan growth model. As VP of Wholesale Operations for ACC Mortgage Patrick managed the entire loan process for a significant broker channel reviewing and funding private money loan transactions.
Patrick has been active in the private lending space since 2006 underwriting, originating and servicing private money loans. Prior to this Patrick served as production manager and originator for various mortgage companies and began his career as a Branch Manager for the United States Senate FCU. As Director of Lending Operations Patrick is helping refine Groundfloor’s lending policy and practices. Heading the underwriting of all loans and managing the real estate closing process.
Patrick graduated from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Psychology in 1997













×



Justin Burris
Senior Engineer
justin@groundfloor.us








Justin is a Senior Software Engineer at Groundfloor. He has a history delivering well tested, robust web applications which solve real world problems for customers. His goal is to make sure the team is able to deliver high quality work at a strong pace.
Based out of Atlanta, Justin has worked at small startups to companies in the Fortune 100. His job has taken him around the world, where he worked on a project for the Singaporean government.
Justin loves whitewater kayaking, board games, and spending his time working on projects to make his home much smarter than he is.
Justin graduated with a BS in Computer Science from Georgia Southern University.













×



Rich Pulido
SVP, Head of Lending and Risk Management
rich@groundfloor.us








Rich is the Senior Vice President of Real Estate Operations. He is responsible for designing and building systems and processes critical to the origination, underwriting, closing, and servicing of commercial loan assets. Rich's scope spans individual loans to the entire portfolio. He strives to ensure Groundfloor's investors and borrowers have positive user experiences supported by industry leading risk management practices.
Rich comes to Groundfloor after a 27-year commercial real estate career with Prudential. His broad experience base includes equity and debt asset management, development, portfolio management and capital market assignments.  Significantly, during the Great Recession, Rich led the Special Servicing team responsible for loan workouts and REO for a $55 billion portfolio of commercial mortgages. He also started a capital markets unit, building up a $1 billion book. Rich's experience is national in scope during his career Rich has worked in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Atlanta.
After earning a BS in System Science and Mathematics from UCLA, Rich was a Systems Engineer with Northrop Corp.  working on classified military aircraft projects. He subsequently earned his MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business.













×



Angela Ellison
Lending Operations Manager
angela@groundfloor.us








Angela Ellison manages works with our borrowers to ensure a smooth process from app submission to loan closing.
Angela has a broad background in operations spanning a number of different industries.













×



Matt Campbell
Director, Business Development
matt@groundfloor.us








Matt Campbell leads loan sales at Groundfloor.
With over 20 years in the mortgage industry, Matt is a key component of our Borrowers' success.













×



Cary Eisenberg
Account Management Director
cary@groundfloor.us








Cary serves as an Account Management Director. He is a 3rd generation Atlantan. After an early career as Merchandise Manager for a number of Rock and Roll bands. Cary joined American Home Mortgage in 1992 focused primarily on consulting and financing of owner -occupied single family residences.
He found a wonderful opportunity to join Groundfloor in September 2016 to use his extensive industry knowledge to further Groundfloor's business.













×



Clayton Putala
Portfolio Analyst
clayton@groundfloor.us



Clayton serves as our Portfolio Analyst.  He works with our SVP of Lending and Risk Management to track portfolio performance, risk management and capital planning. He also works with the Director of Asset Management on loan servicing and tracking all active loans from closing to repayment.
Clayton joins us from Blackbaud in Charleston, SC where he worked in Finance and IT Asset Management.
Clayton earned is BS from The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina and subsequently earned his MBA from The Citadel Graduate College.













×



David Ellenburg
Sales Development Representative
david@groundfloor.us



David Ellenburg is a Senior Sales Development Representative at Groundfloor. He works with our borrowers and investors to help them be successful and to reach their goals.
David has over 25 years of Mortgage Banking, Business Banking and Risk Management experience. He has worked for PNC, Regions, Fifth Third, and United Community Bank. He has also been active in the Nonprofit arena helping families achieve their dream of homeownership and also in the Profit arena helping families achieve their dream of homeownership.













×



Deborah Johns
Senior Loan Processor
dj@groundfloor.us



Deborah Johns is our Senior Loan Processor. She processes your loans from application to final approval.
Deborah will be your point of contact throughout your loan process.
Deborah, has worked in all facets of the mortgage banking & real estate industry and brings a professional "can do" attitude with extensive mortgage banking & real estate skills to the team.













×



Marge Smith
Closer
marge@groundfloor.us



Marge Smith serves as our Closer in the Loan department. She ads unparalleled value to our team with her years of experience.
Marge has been in the lending closer business since 1980. Experience has been with the title side as well as major lenders.
Marge graduate of University of Minnesota in business, and Kennesaw state Certified paralegal.













×



Andy DeVane
Engineer
andy@groundfloor.us



Andy is a Software Engineer at Groundfloor. Andy has a background in many creative fields such as video production, motion animation,graphic design, and more. He began his development career in 2014 by learning the Ruby programming language.
Before Groundfloor, he worked with small businesses, non-profits, and startups developing web applications.
Andy was previously a Full Stack Developer at Agency Spotter where he was responsible for building out features from the ground up.













×



Benjamin Sutton
Controller and Director of Finance
sutton@groundfloor.us



Benjamin is our Controller and Director of Finance of GROUNDFLOOR. He is responsible for the day to day finance and accounting functions.
Benjamin's career began in the Audit practice at KPMG LLP. He then worked in a financial reporting role at a public company during the company’s initial public offering.
Benjamin is a certified public accountant in Georgia and Virginia and has a MAcc from the University of North Florida and BS in Accounting from the University of Florida.













×



Michelle Garrison
Head of Investor Care
michelle@groundfloor.us



Michelle is the Head of Investor Care at GROUNDFLOOR and her role is to develop and guide our Investor Services department.  This role was added as acknowledgement of the importance of our unique investor community and their service needs.
Her background includes 30 years of experience designing, honing and leading customer care organizations in cultures demanding extraordinary service.  Her strong background is complimented by a passion for facilitating service to others.
Engineering and artistic genes run deep in Michelle’s family tree and she claims to have received both.  She uses them to develop processes and experiences that surprise,delight and satisfy our investors.  Her goal is to assure that each investor service interaction is a positive, memorable experience.













×



Jeff Seal
Director of Account Management
jeff@groundfloor.us



Jeff is a Director of Account Management and has over 11 years’ experience in the finance and default servicing industries collectively. Previously, Jeff spent 7 years working for a number of national real estate auction platforms and served as their Vice President of Product and Client Management. He managed the daily communication with high level clients as well as developed new business products for the platform nationally.
Prior to joining the GroundFloor team, Jeff was the Director of Business Development for a national private equity owned firm focused on investor financing across 46 states. Jeff led the formation of the short term financing products and was responsible for creating the underwriting and process flows for related products. Jeff is an avid competitor in the cycling and running community with 25 years of competitive activity. In his spare time he sits on multiple boards within his community with respect to ministry efforts across the world as well as a local focus specific to men’s ministry.













×



Rodney Fowlkes
Engineer
rodney@groundfloor.us



Rodney is a Software Engineer at Groundfloor. As a front-end developer, he is responsible for the UX/UI design and development on the Groundfloor platform. With a creative background, Rodney got into javascript development to fulfill a longtime passion for problem solving.
Before Groundfloor Rodney spent time consulting and working at an interface development agency gaining experience collaborating on scalable enterprise software.













×



Boone Kincaid
Marketing Manager
boone@groundfloor.us



Boone is a digital marketer, growth hacker, and Marketing Manager for GroundFloor.
Boone's focus is creating and executing marketing programs that drive qualified leads that result in customers. He specializes in creating growth channels for startups, and believes in evidence-based, metrics-driven revenue growth through proven marketing methodologies. Boone has worked exclusively with Atlanta-based startups since moving to the area in 2014.
Boone hails from Auburn, Alabama. He received his BA from Birmingham-Southern College and MA from Savannah College of Art and Design.













×



Bruce Boehm





Bruce Boehm has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Mr. Boehm is an active angel investor in the Raleigh-Durham area and advisor to several specialty investment funds.
During his career, he has been a director for more than 35 publicly and privately held companies. He previously was a General Partner of U.S. Venture Partners in Menlo Park, California, with responsibility for a portfolio of approximately 20 healthcare and technology investments. Mr. Boehm received a BS from MIT in 1975 and a MS and MBA from Stanford University in 1982.













×



Michael Olander Jr.





Michael Olander Jr. has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Since its inception in 2005, Mr. Olander has served as CEO of MDO Holdings, LLC, a diversified holding company which includes MDO2 Fitness, LLC which owns and operates 28 health clubs under the names O2 Fitness and East Shore Athletic Clubs. Mr.
Olander sits on the board of five companies funded by MDO Ventures and serves as an advisor to two more. He earned his Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration from the College of Charleston in 2004.













×



Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr.





Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr. has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Mr. Tuley has over 25 years of experience in new home construction, lot and land development for multiple Fortune 500 companies, retail development, residential redevelopment, property management and long-term investing. He previously worked for the real estate team within Ernst &amp; Young's entrepreneurial services group. He was also a senior associate in Leveraged Finance and the Financial Sponsors Coverage groups at UBS and a principal with Katalyst Venture Partners in New York.
Between real estate and Wall Street, Mr. Tuley has been involved in well over $1 billion in transactions during his career. Mr. Tuley earned his undergraduate degree from Georgia Tech in 1992 and his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1999.













×



Brian Dally





Brian's 15 year career building disruptive technology startups spans stints in Silicon Valley, Boston, London and the North Carolina Triangle region. Previously, he led the launch of Republic Wireless to take on the big four cellphone carriers to international acclaim. As a result, millions more Americans can now afford a smartphone.
Brian has a JD from Harvard Law School, an MBA from Harvard Business School, and a BA with Highest Distinction from the University of Virginia.













×



Nick Bhargava





An expert in securities law, Nick was heavily involved in the JOBS Act as an early pioneer who advanced the concept of crowdfunding. Nick and Brian met through Groundwork Labs in the Triangle-area startup hub the American Underground. His years in finance have included work for the Financial Services Roundtable, SEC, FINRA, TD Waterhouse and RBC Financial Group.
Nick received his LLM at Duke University School of Law and holds a BS in Biological Sciences and Business from the University of Alberta.













×



Serguei Kozumine





Serguei Kozumine has served on our Board of Directors since December 2015. Mr. Kozumine is a self-made entrepreneur, executive and turnaround specialist with an outstanding 20+ years track record of building, growing and bringing success to various high-technology, financial, and commodities businesses. During this tenure, he has founded, owned and operated more than 10 companies in the banking, retail and entertainment industries.
Mr. Kozumine is a founder and managing partner of Fintech Ventures Fund, a $100 million venture capital investment fund focused on providing equity to emerging leaders and promising companies that are developing innovative, non-banking lending/savings products and smart payment solutions.
Mr. Kozumine holds a doctorate in nuclear physics from the Institute of Nuclear Physics, as well as a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a master’s degree in physics from Novosibirsk State University. He is a member of the University of Chicago’s Beta Sigma Gamma, an international honor society for business. Mr. Kozumine has lectured at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and numerous international business conferences. He has also authored numerous scientific publications in professional magazines.













×



Michael Goodmon
Board Observer




Michael Goodmon advises GROUNDFLOOR on real estate development. He leads one of the country's most dynamic urban mixed-use developments, the American Tobacco Campus in Durham. As vice president of real estate for Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc., the campus' owner and master developer, Michael manages the day-to-day activities of approximately 1,000,000 square feet of class A office, restaurant and retail space.
He scopes and develops new projects and opportunities, and has assembled a multitude of complex Historic and New Market Tax Credit transactions. Michael is an advocate and leader of the Durham and Triangle communities and serves on several boards to encourage growth, entrepreneurship and community development, including City of Durham Workforce Economic and Employment Development, East Durham Children’s Initiative, Healing Place of Wake County, Downtown Durham, Inc., NC Rails to Trails, CAHEC, Leadership Triangle and the Museum of Durham History. He earned a B.S. in Mathematical Economics from Hampden-Sydney College and a Masters in Trust and Investment Management from Campbell University.













×



Jason Widen
Advisor




Jason advises GROUNDFLOOR on real estate development and investments.
He has an extensive background in real estate, including investment, property development and property management. Jason has also created an award winning wine cafe & gallery, co-founded Leadership exCHANGE, a global student leadership organization, and co-founded the successful entrepreneurial co-working community HQ Raleigh, where he serves as Executive Director and met Brian. Jason graduated from the University of Denver with a BA in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management.













×



Merrill Mason
Advisor




Merrill Mason and his partners at Smith Anderson advise GROUNDFLOOR on corporate matters and securities law pertaining to our offerings.
With extensive experience representing technology and life sciences companies, he represents entrepreneurial and emerging enterprises. Prior to joining Smith Anderson, Merrill co-founded Triangle-based Hutchison + Mason in 1996 where his leadership helped the firm grow to 20 lawyers specializing in meeting the general corporate needs of technology and life sciences companies. Passionate about working with developing entrepreneurs and law students, Merrill has taught as an adjunct instructor at the University of North Carolina’s Kenan-Flagler Business School and the University of North Carolina School of Law, where he also earned his JD.













×



Chris Matton
Advisor




Chris Matton advises GROUNDFLOOR on a variety of legal matters pertaining to real estate transactions, partnerships and company strategy.
He is General Counsel for Bandwidth, where he supported the launch and still supports the growth of Republic Wireless. Previously a partner at Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, Chris has been recognized for his professional accomplishments and expertise in the Triangle Business Journal's "40 under 40," the Business Leader's "Impact 100" and Business North Carolina's "Legal Elite." The Triangle Business Journal also has recognized Chris as Outstanding Corporate Counsel in 2013. He has also has been recognized in The Best Lawyers in America (registered trademark) for Corporate Law and by Chambers USA. Chris earned his undergraduate degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and his Juris Doctorate from Wake Forest University, where he served as Executive Editor of the Wake Forest Law Review.













×



Matthew Welch
Advisor




Matthew Welch advises GROUNDFLOOR on marketing strategy and customer acquisition.
He is a technology and marketing executive with over 20 years experience across a range of industries and countries, including Kobo (a global leader in eReading), IAC, Madison Square Garden and New York advertising agencies Ogilvy &amp; Mather, Young &amp; Rubicam, and Ammirati &amp; Puris, where he ran global marketing campaigns for Kodak, BMW/Mini and Kraft General Foods. While with IAC, Matthew served as Chief Marketing Officer of IAC/InterActiveCorp Personals International, responsible for match.com marketing in 33 countries globally. Match.com became the global













×



John Mangham
Advisor




Known as "The 1031 Guy", John Mangham has been involved in real estate for almost 4 decades.
A trusted advisor to investors and agents, he is a CPA, licensed real estate broker and most importantly, a very active investor. During the economic downturn, John and his partners raised over $40 Million Dollars in equity and debt for a “buy and hold” fund and an active ongoing “flip” business. Collectively they have bought, sold, renovated, built, and brokered over 500 properties since 2009. John is a graduate of Auburn University and a resident in the City of Atlanta.













×



John J. Healy Jr.
Advisor




Co-Founder and Principal, Hyde Street Holdings, LLC. (“HSH”), est. 1996.
HSH concentrates on strategic, operational and financial opportunities created by under optimized circumstances or new ventures. Prior to HSH, Mr. Healy was Co-Founder and CEO of Hanford/Healy Companies (1988-1996), which sold to GMAC Commercial Mortgage.
{"Board Memberships include"=>"AvalonBay Communities (REIT) NYSE (AVB) 1996-Present; Prologis Targeted U.S. Logistics Fund (Independent Council) 2004-2013 (Subsidiary of NYSE company Prologis) and Libritas 2000-2002, Sold 12-03 to Next Web, Inc."}
John holds the CRE and MAI (Life Non-Practicing) designations, and is a fellow Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (FRICS). He also is on the board of Research Triangle Chapter’s NACD (President 2006-2009); Trustee of ULI, 2009-Present; serving on the ULI Foundation Board 2011-Present and Chair of the Audit Committee 2013-Present and various other non-profits in the community.
Mr. Healy has undergraduate (BBA) and graduate (MBA) degrees in Finance from Hofstra University.













×



Sudheer Chava
Advisor




Sudheer Chava advises GROUNDFLOOR in credit modeling and risk evaluation.
Sudheer has taught a variety of courses at the undergraduate and master’s level including Derivatives, Risk Management, Valuation, Cases in Financial Crisis and Credit Risk Analysis.
Sudheer’s research interests are in Credit Risk, Banking and Corporate Finance.  He has published extensively in all the top journals in Finance including Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, and Review of Financial Studies.
Sudheer received his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 2003. Prior to that he has an MBA degree from Indian Institute of Management – Bangalore and worked as a fixed income analyst at a leading investment bank in India.  He has held academic positions at University of Houston and Texas A&M University before joining Georgia Tech in 2010.













×



David Morken
Board Observer




David Morken is the Co-founder and CEO of Bandwidth, one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing communications technology companies. Founded in 1999, and a certified CLEC in 49 states, Bandwidth is disrupting the telecom industry with its customer-first focus and software development horsepower. Bandwidth operates both business and consumer divisions, serving corporate clients as diverse as Google and Skype, as well as consumers everywhere who want to save money on their smartphone bills. David has led Bandwidth through tremendous growth since its inception including, most recently, the launch of Republic Wireless.  As the nation's first hybrid calling mobile operator, Republic Wireless leverages the disruptive power of Wi-Fi to provide members with unlimited voice, text and data service.
Prior to founding Bandwidth, David was called to active duty by the Marine Corps in 1995 and served four years as a Judge Advocate, criminal prosecutor and headquarters company commander. David is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame Law School and a member of the Virginia Bar Association. He received his undergraduate degree from Oral Roberts University.












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















About Us | GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







SIGN UP




LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password















We are going places



    Learn more about the people behind Groundfloor.
  




MEET THE TEAM







Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO





Nick Bhargava
Co-Founder & EVP Regulatory Affairs





Chris Schmitt
VP Software





Matthew May
Chief Financial Officer





Dee Dee Stevens
Manager, Employee Relations





Hunter Stewart
Engineer





Anthony Byram
Senior Engineer





Glenn Gilbert
Director of Asset Management





Andrew Mandel
Systems Analyst





Patrick Donoghue
Director of Lending Operations





Justin Burris
Senior Engineer





Rich Pulido
SVP, Head of Lending and Risk Management





Angela Ellison
Lending Operations Manager





Matt Campbell
Director, Business Development





Cary Eisenberg
Account Management Director





Clayton Putala
Portfolio Analyst





David Ellenburg
Sales Development Representative





Deborah Johns
Senior Loan Processor





Marge Smith
Closer





Andy DeVane
Engineer





Benjamin Sutton
Controller and Director of Finance





Michelle Garrison
Head of Investor Care





Jeff Seal
Director of Account Management





Rodney Fowlkes
Engineer





Boone Kincaid
Marketing Manager





You?
Want to join our team?








BOARD OF DIRECTORS





Bruce Boehm






Michael Olander Jr.






Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr.






Brian Dally






Nick Bhargava






Serguei Kozumine









ADVISORS






Michael Goodmon
Board Observer





Jason Widen
Advisor





Merrill Mason
Advisor





Chris Matton
Advisor





Matthew Welch
Advisor





John Mangham
Advisor





John J. Healy Jr.
Advisor





Sudheer Chava
Advisor





David Morken
Board Observer














×



Brian Dally
Co-Founder & CEO
brian@groundfloor.us








Brian is a co-founder and director of GROUNDFLOOR and serves as our CEO. He is responsible for marketing as well as setting long term direction and goals for the company.
Brian's 15 year career building disruptive technology startups spans stints in Silicon Valley, Boston, London and the North Carolina Triangle region. Previously, he led the launch of Republic Wireless to take on the big four cellphone carriers to international acclaim. As a result, millions more Americans can now afford a smartphone.
Brian has a JD from Harvard Law School, an MBA from Harvard Business School, and a BA with Highest Distinction from the University of Virginia.













×



Nick Bhargava
Co-Founder & EVP Regulatory Affairs
nick@groundfloor.us








Nick is a co-founder and director of GROUNDFLOOR and EVP Regulatory Affairs. He leads product development and is responsible for regulatory strategy.
An expert in securities law, Nick was heavily involved in the JOBS Act as an early pioneer who advanced the concept of crowdfunding. Nick and Brian met through Groundwork Labs in the Triangle-area startup hub the American Underground. His years in finance have included work for the Financial Services Roundtable, SEC, FINRA, TD Waterhouse and RBC Financial Group.
Nick received his LLM at Duke University School of Law and holds a BS in Biological Sciences and Business from the University of Alberta.













×



Chris Schmitt
VP Software
chris@groundfloor.us








Chris writes code. Lots of it, quickly. And it works. He drives software development and technology for GROUNDFLOOR.
Chris is a full stack developer with over 15 years of software experience, including stints working in the trenches with Brian and Ben at Republic Wireless and building financial services backend systems for Fidelity. He loves agile development practices and lean startup principles. On the weekends he enjoys hanging out with his two sons or spending the afternoon flying.
Chris earned his BA from Roger Williams University.













×



Matthew May
Chief Financial Officer
matthew@groundfloor.us








Matthew is the Chief Financial Officer of GROUNDFLOOR. He is responsible for SEC compliance and overseeing our back office finance and accounting functions.
Matthew’s 20 year career in Austin and Atlanta has centered around guiding technologies through high growth. Previously, he was an audit partner with the 25th largest accounting firm in the US.
Matthew is a certified public accountant in Georgia and Texas and has a BBA in Accounting from Baylor University.













×



Dee Dee Stevens
Manager, Employee Relations
deedee@groundfloor.us








Dee Dee is our Employee Relations Manager. She manages the day to day employee needs as well as all the internal workings of the office while also assisting the Marketing VP and Brian to schedule and implement events and community outreach for GROUNDFLOOR.
Dee Dee has worked in several office administration roles and brings organizational and planning skills to the team while providing executive assistance as needed. She enjoys creative projects and celebrates company wins by providing cupcakes to the team.
Dee Dee earned her BS from the University of Alabama.













×



Hunter Stewart
Engineer
hunter@groundfloor.us



Hunter is an engineer at GROUNDFLOOR where he works on everything from developing new features to back-office systems. He loves building web applications and writing Ruby code. When he's not coding, you can find Hunter running, recording music, or at a taco truck.
Hunter graduated summa cum laude with a B.A. in Philosophy from Belhaven University where he focused on logic and Aristotelian metaphysics.













×



Anthony Byram
Senior Engineer
anthony@groundfloor.us



Anthony is a Senior Software Engineer at GROUNDFLOOR. He started programming in 8th grade and hasn't stopped since. He started his career by joining a startup as CTO where he managed technology for six years. From there, he joined another startup in the same role. With eight years of full stack web application engineering experience and technical leadership, he brings a wealth of technical knowledge to the team. He is now enjoying his role as Senior Software Developer while mastering the skills that matter most to him.
Outside of work, Anthony enjoys playing board games with his wife and children, Olympic weight lifting, cycling, and being outdoors.
Anthony studied Mathematics at the University of Michigan Ann Arbor.













×



Glenn Gilbert
Director of Asset Management
glenn@groundfloor.us








Glenn serves as our Director of Asset Management. Glenn is a construction and finance attorney from Australia who relocated to the United States in July 2012 and to assist with the establishment of a US based property company that primarily specialized in the acquisition, renovation and sale of US single family homes to investors in Australia and Asia.
During his time in the States, Glenn has been involved in over 120 property flips and brings his experience as a developer, contractor and owner to the Groundfloor asset management team to focus on borrower success throughout the loan life cycle.
Glenn graduated from Bond University in 2003 with a Bachelor of Commerce (Finance Major) and a Bachelor of Laws.  Glenn was a sitting member of the Law Institute of Victoria Property Dispute Resolution Committee throughout 2012.













×



Andrew Mandel
Systems Analyst
mandel@groundfloor.us








Andrew is the Systems Analyst here at Groundfloor. With a technical focus on the operations of the business, he will assist the Development team with optimizing and automating the customer experience - from onboarding to investing, as well as enhancing the lending operations.
Andrew comes to us from BitPay where he served as the Enterprise Relationship Manager on the Client Operations team. Prior to BitPay, he was a Technical Business Analyst with CoStar Real Estate Manager.
Andrew received his BBA in Management Information Systems from the Terry School of Business at the University of Georgia. Go Dawgs!













×



Patrick Donoghue
Director of Lending Operations




Patrick Donoghue has served as Director of Lending Operations for Groundfloor since January 2016. Prior to this Patrick served as Senior Associate for RevitaLending where he worked to optimize the firm’s capital market structure and proliferate the loan growth model. As VP of Wholesale Operations for ACC Mortgage Patrick managed the entire loan process for a significant broker channel reviewing and funding private money loan transactions.
Patrick has been active in the private lending space since 2006 underwriting, originating and servicing private money loans. Prior to this Patrick served as production manager and originator for various mortgage companies and began his career as a Branch Manager for the United States Senate FCU. As Director of Lending Operations Patrick is helping refine Groundfloor’s lending policy and practices. Heading the underwriting of all loans and managing the real estate closing process.
Patrick graduated from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Psychology in 1997













×



Justin Burris
Senior Engineer
justin@groundfloor.us








Justin is a Senior Software Engineer at Groundfloor. He has a history delivering well tested, robust web applications which solve real world problems for customers. His goal is to make sure the team is able to deliver high quality work at a strong pace.
Based out of Atlanta, Justin has worked at small startups to companies in the Fortune 100. His job has taken him around the world, where he worked on a project for the Singaporean government.
Justin loves whitewater kayaking, board games, and spending his time working on projects to make his home much smarter than he is.
Justin graduated with a BS in Computer Science from Georgia Southern University.













×



Rich Pulido
SVP, Head of Lending and Risk Management
rich@groundfloor.us








Rich is the Senior Vice President of Real Estate Operations. He is responsible for designing and building systems and processes critical to the origination, underwriting, closing, and servicing of commercial loan assets. Rich's scope spans individual loans to the entire portfolio. He strives to ensure Groundfloor's investors and borrowers have positive user experiences supported by industry leading risk management practices.
Rich comes to Groundfloor after a 27-year commercial real estate career with Prudential. His broad experience base includes equity and debt asset management, development, portfolio management and capital market assignments.  Significantly, during the Great Recession, Rich led the Special Servicing team responsible for loan workouts and REO for a $55 billion portfolio of commercial mortgages. He also started a capital markets unit, building up a $1 billion book. Rich's experience is national in scope during his career Rich has worked in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Atlanta.
After earning a BS in System Science and Mathematics from UCLA, Rich was a Systems Engineer with Northrop Corp.  working on classified military aircraft projects. He subsequently earned his MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business.













×



Angela Ellison
Lending Operations Manager
angela@groundfloor.us








Angela Ellison manages works with our borrowers to ensure a smooth process from app submission to loan closing.
Angela has a broad background in operations spanning a number of different industries.













×



Matt Campbell
Director, Business Development
matt@groundfloor.us








Matt Campbell leads loan sales at Groundfloor.
With over 20 years in the mortgage industry, Matt is a key component of our Borrowers' success.













×



Cary Eisenberg
Account Management Director
cary@groundfloor.us








Cary serves as an Account Management Director. He is a 3rd generation Atlantan. After an early career as Merchandise Manager for a number of Rock and Roll bands. Cary joined American Home Mortgage in 1992 focused primarily on consulting and financing of owner -occupied single family residences.
He found a wonderful opportunity to join Groundfloor in September 2016 to use his extensive industry knowledge to further Groundfloor's business.













×



Clayton Putala
Portfolio Analyst
clayton@groundfloor.us



Clayton serves as our Portfolio Analyst.  He works with our SVP of Lending and Risk Management to track portfolio performance, risk management and capital planning. He also works with the Director of Asset Management on loan servicing and tracking all active loans from closing to repayment.
Clayton joins us from Blackbaud in Charleston, SC where he worked in Finance and IT Asset Management.
Clayton earned is BS from The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina and subsequently earned his MBA from The Citadel Graduate College.













×



David Ellenburg
Sales Development Representative
david@groundfloor.us



David Ellenburg is a Senior Sales Development Representative at Groundfloor. He works with our borrowers and investors to help them be successful and to reach their goals.
David has over 25 years of Mortgage Banking, Business Banking and Risk Management experience. He has worked for PNC, Regions, Fifth Third, and United Community Bank. He has also been active in the Nonprofit arena helping families achieve their dream of homeownership and also in the Profit arena helping families achieve their dream of homeownership.













×



Deborah Johns
Senior Loan Processor
dj@groundfloor.us



Deborah Johns is our Senior Loan Processor. She processes your loans from application to final approval.
Deborah will be your point of contact throughout your loan process.
Deborah, has worked in all facets of the mortgage banking & real estate industry and brings a professional "can do" attitude with extensive mortgage banking & real estate skills to the team.













×



Marge Smith
Closer
marge@groundfloor.us



Marge Smith serves as our Closer in the Loan department. She ads unparalleled value to our team with her years of experience.
Marge has been in the lending closer business since 1980. Experience has been with the title side as well as major lenders.
Marge graduate of University of Minnesota in business, and Kennesaw state Certified paralegal.













×



Andy DeVane
Engineer
andy@groundfloor.us



Andy is a Software Engineer at Groundfloor. Andy has a background in many creative fields such as video production, motion animation,graphic design, and more. He began his development career in 2014 by learning the Ruby programming language.
Before Groundfloor, he worked with small businesses, non-profits, and startups developing web applications.
Andy was previously a Full Stack Developer at Agency Spotter where he was responsible for building out features from the ground up.













×



Benjamin Sutton
Controller and Director of Finance
sutton@groundfloor.us



Benjamin is our Controller and Director of Finance of GROUNDFLOOR. He is responsible for the day to day finance and accounting functions.
Benjamin's career began in the Audit practice at KPMG LLP. He then worked in a financial reporting role at a public company during the company’s initial public offering.
Benjamin is a certified public accountant in Georgia and Virginia and has a MAcc from the University of North Florida and BS in Accounting from the University of Florida.













×



Michelle Garrison
Head of Investor Care
michelle@groundfloor.us



Michelle is the Head of Investor Care at GROUNDFLOOR and her role is to develop and guide our Investor Services department.  This role was added as acknowledgement of the importance of our unique investor community and their service needs.
Her background includes 30 years of experience designing, honing and leading customer care organizations in cultures demanding extraordinary service.  Her strong background is complimented by a passion for facilitating service to others.
Engineering and artistic genes run deep in Michelle’s family tree and she claims to have received both.  She uses them to develop processes and experiences that surprise,delight and satisfy our investors.  Her goal is to assure that each investor service interaction is a positive, memorable experience.













×



Jeff Seal
Director of Account Management
jeff@groundfloor.us



Jeff is a Director of Account Management and has over 11 years’ experience in the finance and default servicing industries collectively. Previously, Jeff spent 7 years working for a number of national real estate auction platforms and served as their Vice President of Product and Client Management. He managed the daily communication with high level clients as well as developed new business products for the platform nationally.
Prior to joining the GroundFloor team, Jeff was the Director of Business Development for a national private equity owned firm focused on investor financing across 46 states. Jeff led the formation of the short term financing products and was responsible for creating the underwriting and process flows for related products. Jeff is an avid competitor in the cycling and running community with 25 years of competitive activity. In his spare time he sits on multiple boards within his community with respect to ministry efforts across the world as well as a local focus specific to men’s ministry.













×



Rodney Fowlkes
Engineer
rodney@groundfloor.us



Rodney is a Software Engineer at Groundfloor. As a front-end developer, he is responsible for the UX/UI design and development on the Groundfloor platform. With a creative background, Rodney got into javascript development to fulfill a longtime passion for problem solving.
Before Groundfloor Rodney spent time consulting and working at an interface development agency gaining experience collaborating on scalable enterprise software.













×



Boone Kincaid
Marketing Manager
boone@groundfloor.us



Boone is a digital marketer, growth hacker, and Marketing Manager for GroundFloor.
Boone's focus is creating and executing marketing programs that drive qualified leads that result in customers. He specializes in creating growth channels for startups, and believes in evidence-based, metrics-driven revenue growth through proven marketing methodologies. Boone has worked exclusively with Atlanta-based startups since moving to the area in 2014.
Boone hails from Auburn, Alabama. He received his BA from Birmingham-Southern College and MA from Savannah College of Art and Design.













×



Bruce Boehm





Bruce Boehm has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Mr. Boehm is an active angel investor in the Raleigh-Durham area and advisor to several specialty investment funds.
During his career, he has been a director for more than 35 publicly and privately held companies. He previously was a General Partner of U.S. Venture Partners in Menlo Park, California, with responsibility for a portfolio of approximately 20 healthcare and technology investments. Mr. Boehm received a BS from MIT in 1975 and a MS and MBA from Stanford University in 1982.













×



Michael Olander Jr.





Michael Olander Jr. has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Since its inception in 2005, Mr. Olander has served as CEO of MDO Holdings, LLC, a diversified holding company which includes MDO2 Fitness, LLC which owns and operates 28 health clubs under the names O2 Fitness and East Shore Athletic Clubs. Mr.
Olander sits on the board of five companies funded by MDO Ventures and serves as an advisor to two more. He earned his Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration from the College of Charleston in 2004.













×



Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr.





Richard (“Rick”) Tuley Jr. has served on our Board of Directors since December 2014. Mr. Tuley has over 25 years of experience in new home construction, lot and land development for multiple Fortune 500 companies, retail development, residential redevelopment, property management and long-term investing. He previously worked for the real estate team within Ernst &amp; Young's entrepreneurial services group. He was also a senior associate in Leveraged Finance and the Financial Sponsors Coverage groups at UBS and a principal with Katalyst Venture Partners in New York.
Between real estate and Wall Street, Mr. Tuley has been involved in well over $1 billion in transactions during his career. Mr. Tuley earned his undergraduate degree from Georgia Tech in 1992 and his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1999.













×



Brian Dally





Brian's 15 year career building disruptive technology startups spans stints in Silicon Valley, Boston, London and the North Carolina Triangle region. Previously, he led the launch of Republic Wireless to take on the big four cellphone carriers to international acclaim. As a result, millions more Americans can now afford a smartphone.
Brian has a JD from Harvard Law School, an MBA from Harvard Business School, and a BA with Highest Distinction from the University of Virginia.













×



Nick Bhargava





An expert in securities law, Nick was heavily involved in the JOBS Act as an early pioneer who advanced the concept of crowdfunding. Nick and Brian met through Groundwork Labs in the Triangle-area startup hub the American Underground. His years in finance have included work for the Financial Services Roundtable, SEC, FINRA, TD Waterhouse and RBC Financial Group.
Nick received his LLM at Duke University School of Law and holds a BS in Biological Sciences and Business from the University of Alberta.













×



Serguei Kozumine





Serguei Kozumine has served on our Board of Directors since December 2015. Mr. Kozumine is a self-made entrepreneur, executive and turnaround specialist with an outstanding 20+ years track record of building, growing and bringing success to various high-technology, financial, and commodities businesses. During this tenure, he has founded, owned and operated more than 10 companies in the banking, retail and entertainment industries.
Mr. Kozumine is a founder and managing partner of Fintech Ventures Fund, a $100 million venture capital investment fund focused on providing equity to emerging leaders and promising companies that are developing innovative, non-banking lending/savings products and smart payment solutions.
Mr. Kozumine holds a doctorate in nuclear physics from the Institute of Nuclear Physics, as well as a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a master’s degree in physics from Novosibirsk State University. He is a member of the University of Chicago’s Beta Sigma Gamma, an international honor society for business. Mr. Kozumine has lectured at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and numerous international business conferences. He has also authored numerous scientific publications in professional magazines.













×



Michael Goodmon
Board Observer




Michael Goodmon advises GROUNDFLOOR on real estate development. He leads one of the country's most dynamic urban mixed-use developments, the American Tobacco Campus in Durham. As vice president of real estate for Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc., the campus' owner and master developer, Michael manages the day-to-day activities of approximately 1,000,000 square feet of class A office, restaurant and retail space.
He scopes and develops new projects and opportunities, and has assembled a multitude of complex Historic and New Market Tax Credit transactions. Michael is an advocate and leader of the Durham and Triangle communities and serves on several boards to encourage growth, entrepreneurship and community development, including City of Durham Workforce Economic and Employment Development, East Durham Children’s Initiative, Healing Place of Wake County, Downtown Durham, Inc., NC Rails to Trails, CAHEC, Leadership Triangle and the Museum of Durham History. He earned a B.S. in Mathematical Economics from Hampden-Sydney College and a Masters in Trust and Investment Management from Campbell University.













×



Jason Widen
Advisor




Jason advises GROUNDFLOOR on real estate development and investments.
He has an extensive background in real estate, including investment, property development and property management. Jason has also created an award winning wine cafe & gallery, co-founded Leadership exCHANGE, a global student leadership organization, and co-founded the successful entrepreneurial co-working community HQ Raleigh, where he serves as Executive Director and met Brian. Jason graduated from the University of Denver with a BA in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management.













×



Merrill Mason
Advisor




Merrill Mason and his partners at Smith Anderson advise GROUNDFLOOR on corporate matters and securities law pertaining to our offerings.
With extensive experience representing technology and life sciences companies, he represents entrepreneurial and emerging enterprises. Prior to joining Smith Anderson, Merrill co-founded Triangle-based Hutchison + Mason in 1996 where his leadership helped the firm grow to 20 lawyers specializing in meeting the general corporate needs of technology and life sciences companies. Passionate about working with developing entrepreneurs and law students, Merrill has taught as an adjunct instructor at the University of North Carolina’s Kenan-Flagler Business School and the University of North Carolina School of Law, where he also earned his JD.













×



Chris Matton
Advisor




Chris Matton advises GROUNDFLOOR on a variety of legal matters pertaining to real estate transactions, partnerships and company strategy.
He is General Counsel for Bandwidth, where he supported the launch and still supports the growth of Republic Wireless. Previously a partner at Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, Chris has been recognized for his professional accomplishments and expertise in the Triangle Business Journal's "40 under 40," the Business Leader's "Impact 100" and Business North Carolina's "Legal Elite." The Triangle Business Journal also has recognized Chris as Outstanding Corporate Counsel in 2013. He has also has been recognized in The Best Lawyers in America (registered trademark) for Corporate Law and by Chambers USA. Chris earned his undergraduate degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and his Juris Doctorate from Wake Forest University, where he served as Executive Editor of the Wake Forest Law Review.













×



Matthew Welch
Advisor




Matthew Welch advises GROUNDFLOOR on marketing strategy and customer acquisition.
He is a technology and marketing executive with over 20 years experience across a range of industries and countries, including Kobo (a global leader in eReading), IAC, Madison Square Garden and New York advertising agencies Ogilvy &amp; Mather, Young &amp; Rubicam, and Ammirati &amp; Puris, where he ran global marketing campaigns for Kodak, BMW/Mini and Kraft General Foods. While with IAC, Matthew served as Chief Marketing Officer of IAC/InterActiveCorp Personals International, responsible for match.com marketing in 33 countries globally. Match.com became the global













×



John Mangham
Advisor




Known as "The 1031 Guy", John Mangham has been involved in real estate for almost 4 decades.
A trusted advisor to investors and agents, he is a CPA, licensed real estate broker and most importantly, a very active investor. During the economic downturn, John and his partners raised over $40 Million Dollars in equity and debt for a “buy and hold” fund and an active ongoing “flip” business. Collectively they have bought, sold, renovated, built, and brokered over 500 properties since 2009. John is a graduate of Auburn University and a resident in the City of Atlanta.













×



John J. Healy Jr.
Advisor




Co-Founder and Principal, Hyde Street Holdings, LLC. (“HSH”), est. 1996.
HSH concentrates on strategic, operational and financial opportunities created by under optimized circumstances or new ventures. Prior to HSH, Mr. Healy was Co-Founder and CEO of Hanford/Healy Companies (1988-1996), which sold to GMAC Commercial Mortgage.
{"Board Memberships include"=>"AvalonBay Communities (REIT) NYSE (AVB) 1996-Present; Prologis Targeted U.S. Logistics Fund (Independent Council) 2004-2013 (Subsidiary of NYSE company Prologis) and Libritas 2000-2002, Sold 12-03 to Next Web, Inc."}
John holds the CRE and MAI (Life Non-Practicing) designations, and is a fellow Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (FRICS). He also is on the board of Research Triangle Chapter’s NACD (President 2006-2009); Trustee of ULI, 2009-Present; serving on the ULI Foundation Board 2011-Present and Chair of the Audit Committee 2013-Present and various other non-profits in the community.
Mr. Healy has undergraduate (BBA) and graduate (MBA) degrees in Finance from Hofstra University.













×



Sudheer Chava
Advisor




Sudheer Chava advises GROUNDFLOOR in credit modeling and risk evaluation.
Sudheer has taught a variety of courses at the undergraduate and master’s level including Derivatives, Risk Management, Valuation, Cases in Financial Crisis and Credit Risk Analysis.
Sudheer’s research interests are in Credit Risk, Banking and Corporate Finance.  He has published extensively in all the top journals in Finance including Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, and Review of Financial Studies.
Sudheer received his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 2003. Prior to that he has an MBA degree from Indian Institute of Management – Bangalore and worked as a fixed income analyst at a leading investment bank in India.  He has held academic positions at University of Houston and Texas A&M University before joining Georgia Tech in 2010.













×



David Morken
Board Observer




David Morken is the Co-founder and CEO of Bandwidth, one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing communications technology companies. Founded in 1999, and a certified CLEC in 49 states, Bandwidth is disrupting the telecom industry with its customer-first focus and software development horsepower. Bandwidth operates both business and consumer divisions, serving corporate clients as diverse as Google and Skype, as well as consumers everywhere who want to save money on their smartphone bills. David has led Bandwidth through tremendous growth since its inception including, most recently, the launch of Republic Wireless.  As the nation's first hybrid calling mobile operator, Republic Wireless leverages the disruptive power of Wi-Fi to provide members with unlimited voice, text and data service.
Prior to founding Bandwidth, David was called to active duty by the Marine Corps in 1995 and served four years as a Judge Advocate, criminal prosecutor and headquarters company commander. David is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame Law School and a member of the Virginia Bar Association. He received his undergraduate degree from Oral Roberts University.















What are you building? | GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password


















×


Sign up









How many fix & flips have you completed?
Please Select
None
1
2 - 3
4 - 10
11+




Do you have a property identified?
Please Select
Yes - Under Contract
Yes - No Contract Yet
Yes - Refi
No




How much do you need?
Please Select
50-75k
75-125k
125-250k
250-500k
500+




How did you hear about us?
Please Select
Ad - Google
Ad - Facebook
Ad - LinkedIn
Bigger Pockets
Article - On website
Article - In newspaper/magazine
REIA event
Referral from a friend
Repeat customer - Worked with Groundfloor before





NEXT








First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code














BACK


NEXT
















×


Sign up









First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code





How did you hear about us?
Please Select
Ad - Google
Ad - Facebook
Bigger Pockets
Lend Academy
Article - On website
Article - In newspaper/magazine
From a friend
Searching on internet





I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.












Browse Investments




















for individual investors


It can nail down over 10% returns for you*

get started





for house flippers & real estate developers


Nail down a hard money loan, with rates as low as 5.5%

get my rate





















    What The Press Has To Say About Groundfloor
  


















        "Closing the gap between the real estate investor and borrower
        through crowdfunding is what makes Groundfloor innovative."
        






        "Groundfloor is unusual in that its mission opens real estate investing
        to the general population….The investment is secured by the real
        property, and there’s an aggressive pre-screening process for
        developers."
        






        "Groundfloor’s investors are regular Americans who partner with
        developers on 20 to 30 real estate projects over a six month period,
        investing on average $500 per project. They earn between a 5 percent
        and 16 percent return on their investment within six to 12 months….
        Investors run the gamut from retirees to professionals who want to
        invest in real estate part time."
        






        "Unlike several other real estate crowdfunding platforms that require a
        minimum investment of $5,000, Groundfloor asks for a minimum investment
        of only $10. Typical Groundfloor loans, which carry interest rates
        varying between 7 and 26 percent, return 12 percent annually on a
        six-to-12-month term…. Real estate crowdfunding opens up the potential
        for achieving high risk-adjusted yields that have traditionally remained
        the province of a very narrow sliver of privileged people…"
        






        "While most funds allow only “accredited” investors – those with at least
        $1 million net worth after their principal residence – a few like
        Groundfloor have modeled their business on more recent federal rules
        that allow non-accredited investors to play."
        






        "GROUNDFLOOR fills a void for real estate entrepreneurs...They provide short-term, high-yield returns backed by real estate to entrepreneurs who are often ignored by traditional lenders..."
        






        "Developers…have embraced the opportunity.  They see it as a viable way
        to quickly raise cash for a project."
        






        "'It was a nightmare working with banks,' Costanzo said. 'It was
        bureaucratic and tedious.' Costanzo then reached out to Groundfloor….
        Groundfloor allows developers, homebuilders and remodelers like Costanzo
        to crowdfund money from online investors across the U.S. — similar to
        how startups raise funds on Kickstarter to manufacture new products.
        Within a couple of weeks, Costanzo, a former wealth manager, raised
        $100,000 from 130 investors through Groundfloor….'They just make it
        happen,' Costanzo said. “It seems more efficient and faster than a bank."
        








Previous




Next






    Browse Our Current Investment Opportunities  
  




b





8.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



79.8
%

Loan To Value



2612 Lafayette Avenue


View Loan Details






b





8.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



67.6
%

Loan To Value



6624 Southwest 37th Way


View Loan Details






b





8.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



61.8
%

Loan To Value



125 Country Club Drive


View Loan Details






a





6.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



82.0
%

Loan To Value



6803 Southwest 35th Way


View Loan Details






Browse all investments





What Other Real Estate Investors Have To Say








Nick BorthReal Estate Investor

            I decided to invest in GROUNDFLOOR because it gives me the
            ability to invest & make money in the rebounding housing
            market, without the large-scale capital requirements, time
            requirement, and managerial overhead of being a direct real
            estate investor and developer. Groundfloor allows you to take
            part with a relatively low cost of entry. Further, I like
            being able to understand how the
            funds will be spent, and who will be spending them…. The
            return is attractive, and the investment terms are short
            enough to where you don’t have to be without the liquidity for
            too long.
            







Adam AilionReal Estate Developer

            "My first GROUNDFLOOR project, which had 100% equity, was denied
            funding from a bank and a credit union since I owned the property
            for less than 6 months; I couldn’t even get a home equity line
            with my 740+ credit score! Thankfully Groundfloor arrived. The
            project funded relatively swiftly and the loan underwriting was
            timely and much smoother than what I’ve experienced at large
            banks. Loan servicing and post-closing support were also
            responsive and they were prompt to make payments on any
            construction draws."
            







Alex HillReal Estate Investor

            Groundfloor makes investing in real estate a simple process.
            With a minimum investment size of $10 per project, it is easy
            for me to diversify my capital investment, while being able to
            quickly filter through project options to find what best fits
            my strategy. The process of investing through Groundfloor has
            been very smooth, and I look forward to enjoying continued
            investments and returns in the future. I would definitely
            recommend the Groundfloor platforms to anyone looking to
            invest in real estate assets or make a superior return on
            their capital.
            







Steve BrockReal Estate Developer

            "Groundfloor’s innovative approach to real estate financing is
            proving to be an effective way for us to keep pace with rising
            demand in our communities. I was blown away by how quickly and
            easily we were able to fund a project--it took less than 36 hours
            on our first deal."
            







Dan CooperReal Estate Investor

            I like having the ability to invest in real estate without
            having to make either a massive commitment to a single
            property or trust a vague portfolio of properties selected by
            someone else.
            







John ManghamReal Estate Developer

            "We will defintely be using Groundfloor again. Groundfloor
            investors have become a meaningful part of our financing and
            business strategy. In addition to providing funds for our
            projects, we blieve that our cost of capital and fundraising
            timeline will decrease over time."
            





















How Does It Work?
Example of a $100,000 Loan With a 11% Return
















for individual investors


get started






for house flippers & real estate developers


get my rate













×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.



















Funded Loans | GROUNDFLOOR








































INVEST


BORROW



LEARN



FAQs


Support


Blog





ABOUT



Company


Team


Contact


Press


Jobs







SIGN UP




LOG IN











×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password





















          Funded Loans
        

          Scroll through projects from Groundfloor borrowers that have already been funded. Thousands of investors are earning an average return of 12%. Create your Groundfloor account account today to apply for a loan or start earning more with your money. Already have an account? Initiate a funds transfer today so you can invest in projects currently funding.  
        














A


B


C


D


E


F


G







Less Risk / Reward


More Risk / Reward












c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



66.67
%

Loan To Value



17155 Wisconsin Street


View Loan Details








d





14.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



56.2
%

Loan To Value



425 Breezeview Circle


View Loan Details








c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



80.8
%

Loan To Value



1144 Congress Avenue


View Loan Details








c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



68.2
%

Loan To Value



22 Bennett Street


View Loan Details








b





8.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



63.0
%

Loan To Value



2216 Telhurst Street Southwest


View Loan Details








b





8.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



81.0
%

Loan To Value



117 21st Avenue Northeast


View Loan Details








c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



56.5
%

Loan To Value



2640 201st Street


View Loan Details








c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



67.7
%

Loan To Value



8274 Continental Court


View Loan Details








c





11.0
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



79.3
%

Loan To Value



411 21st Avenue South


View Loan Details








d





14.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



64.3
%

Loan To Value



3412 Maryland Avenue


View Loan Details








d





14.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



74.4
%

Loan To Value



730 East Mound Street


View Loan Details








d





14.5
%

Rate



12
mo.

Projected Term



0.0
%

Loan To Value



905 McAllister Avenue


View Loan Details







← Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … 18 19 Next →





Information on this page is not an offer or a solicitation to sell or purchase securities. Clicking "Follow" expresses a desire to learn more about a particular real estate project, developed by a third party independent to us. Statements on this page are for informational purposes only.












×








I want to invest in loans on Groundfloor


I want to borrow for a fix and flip project





First name



Last name





Email





Password




Confirm Password






Phone number



ZIP code






I am an accredited investor.

Groundfloor is open to everyone.  However, accredited investors can
receive additional benefits, so please tick the box above if you meet
the criteria and quality as an accredited investor

(learn more)

.





CONTINUE


I already have an account. Log in.















×




LOG IN




Email address







Password









LOG IN







Sign up

|

I forgot my password
















BBB Accredited Business Reviews in Metro Atlanta, Athens and Northeast Georgia - U.S. BBB





















































































 BBB Accredited Business Directory
Screened. Approved. Monitored.  Plus ratings, maps, photos, videos, and more.

Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia HomeAccredited Business Directory









Search For:
Business Name, Type[e.g., "Plumbers"], URL, Phone






In: 
													
							(City and State or Postal Code)
							
						





BBB Accredited











HIDE


Home Improvement Services and Products

Roofing Contractors
Plumbers
Contractors - General
Pest Control Services
Painting Contractors
Heating & Air Conditioning



Construction and Building Materials

Gutters & Downspouts
Construction & Remodeling Services
Bathroom Remodeling
Drywall Contractors
Windows
Kitchen Remodeling



Banking and Financial Services

Financial Services
Mortgage Brokers
Tax Return Preparation
Loans
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives
Accountants - Certified Public



Automotive

Auto Body Repair & Painting
Auto Dealers - Used Cars
Auto Repair & Service
Auto Dealers - New Cars
Transmissions - Automobile
Brake Service



Consulting

Property Management
Attorneys & Lawyers
Kitchen Remodeling
Roofing Service Consultants
Business Consultants
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives


















Top 15 Categories

Auto Body Repair & Painting
Collection Agencies
Contractors - General
Electricians
Financial Services
Handyman Services
Heating & Air Conditioning
Home Builders
Home Improvements
Movers
Painting Contractors
Pest Control Services
Plumbers
Property Management
Roofing Contractors









Trust BBB to find local accredited businesses, ratings, maps, directions & more
Build Trust, Advertise Honestly, Tell the Truth, Be Transparent, Honor Promises, Be Responsive, Safeguard Privacy, Embody Integrity. Can consumers trust you?








 




industries




Advertising and Branding
Aerospace and Defense
Agriculture
Apparel and Textiles
Arts and Crafts
Automotive
Banking and Financial Services
Biotechnology
Business Products and Supplies
Chemicals and Plastics
Computer Hardware, Software and Services
Construction and Building Materials
Consulting
Dentists/Dental Services
Educational Services
Energy and Utilities
Engineering and Research
Entertainment
Environmental
Food and Beverages
Forestry, Fishing, and Hunting
Government


Health Care and Social Assistance
Home Improvement Services and Products
Household and Personal Products
Insurance
Investment and Securities
Job Seekers/Careers
Machinery
Manufacturing
Media
Moving, Transportation, and Storage
Natural Resources
Organizations
Pharmaceutical
Physicians/Medical Services
Public Administration
Publishing and Printing
Real Estate, Rental, and Leasing
Retail
Sports and Fitness, Indoor and Outdoor
Telecommunications
Travel






Categories In Alphabetical Order


A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z








recent business


Photos














Videos











 






        Send Feedback
    

Comment
Email Address:


Message:




We appreciate your feedback and will continue to strive to make our website better.  Thank you!






×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.













Metro Atlanta, Athens And Northeast Georgia Financial Services - Find BBB Accredited Financial Services in Metro Atlanta, Athens and Northeast Georgia




























































































Categories Related to Financial Services

Bookkeeping Service


Insurance Services


Real Estate


Business Services - General


Insurance - Life


Payroll Service


Collection Agencies


Accounting Services


Real Estate Services


Financing


Auto Dealers - Used Cars


Real Estate Loans


Investment Advisory Service














Accredited Business Directory
Find Businesses You Can Trust

Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia HomeAccredited Business Directory / Banking and Financial ServicesFinancial Services
Financial Services







Legend

BBB Accredited Sponsor

BBB Accredited Business




Filter by


Categories Related to Financial Services






Filter by City


Alpharetta
Atlanta
Duluth
Kennesaw


Marietta
Roswell
Smyrna
Woodstock






Categories Related to Financial Services




Business Consultants
Tax Return Preparation
Financial Planning Consultants
Mortgage Brokers


Loans
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives
Retirement Planning Service
Show More Business Types





Financial Services in Local Cities

Financial Services in Other Cities

Regina, SK
Lubbock, TX
Las Vegas, NV
Huntsville, AL
Lafayette, LA
Dayton, OH
Lake Charles, LA
Fort Wayne, IN


BBB Accredited Financial Services  have all agreed to a set of high standards in their business practices. Learn more about BBB Accreditation.

Sponsored Listings of BBB Accredited  Financial Services
Results for : "Financial Services" in "Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia"


Business Name / Address
Type of BusinessBBB Accreditation 








Delta Community Credit Union

1025 Virginia Ave Atlanta, GA
1025 Virginia Ave 
Atlanta
GA

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(404) 715-4725






















All BBB Accredited  Financial Services






Business Name / Address
Type of Business
BBB Accreditation 

 





Abode Realty, Inc.

        
                
        1449 McPherson Ave SE 
        Atlanta, GA 
1449 McPherson Ave SE
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Aileron Investment Advisors

        
                
        4320 Suwanee Dam Rd Ste 2600 
        Suwanee, GA 
4320 Suwanee Dam Rd Ste 2600
Suwanee
GA





 

 


Altus Wealth Strategies, Inc.

        
                
        11138 State Bridge Rd STE 100 
        Johns Creek, GA 
11138 State Bridge Rd STE 100
Johns Creek
GA





 

 


America's Investment Specialists, LLC

        
                
        1635 Old 41 Hwy NW STE 112-333 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1635 Old 41 Hwy NW STE 112-333
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


American Surety Bonds Agency, LLC

        
                
        1935 Cliff Valley Way NE STE 115 
        Atlanta, GA 
1935 Cliff Valley Way NE STE 115
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Anchor Home Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        6495 Shiloh Rd STE 400 
        Alpharetta, GA 
6495 Shiloh Rd STE 400
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Asset Management Group

        
                
        2300 Lakeview Pkwy STE 700 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2300 Lakeview Pkwy STE 700
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Associated Credit Union

        
                
        6251 Crooked Creek Rd Ste B 
        Norcross, GA 
6251 Crooked Creek Rd Ste B
Norcross
GA





 

 


Automobile Acceptance Corporation

        
                
        749 Main St 
        Riverdale, GA 
749 Main St
Riverdale
GA





 

 


Baer Wealth Management

        
                
        101 Village Pkwy NE Bldg 1 STE 200 
        Marietta, GA 
101 Village Pkwy NE Bldg 1 STE 200
Marietta
GA





 

 


Bankers Life

        
                
        111 E Wacker Dr STE 2100 
        Chicago, IL 
111 E Wacker Dr STE 2100
Chicago
IL





 

 


Barthelemy Commercial Capital, LLC

        
                
        3355 Lenox Rd NE STE 750 
        Atlanta, GA 
3355 Lenox Rd NE STE 750
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Bridges Financial Solutions, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 164 
        Hampton, GA 
PO Box 164
Hampton
GA





 

 


CAN Capital, Inc.

        
                
        2015 Vaughn Rd NW Ste 500 
        Kennesaw, GA 
2015 Vaughn Rd NW Ste 500
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Cassells & Associates Accounting Firm, LC

        
                
        5415 Sugarloaf Pkwy STE 1102 
        Lawrenceville, GA 
5415 Sugarloaf Pkwy STE 1102
Lawrenceville
GA





 

 


Cecil B. Day Investment Company

        
                
        4725 Peachtree Corners Cir Ste 300 
        Norcross, GA 
4725 Peachtree Corners Cir Ste 300
Norcross
GA





 

 


CrossCountry Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        333 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
333 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


Crown Asset Management, LLC

        
                
        3100 Breckinridge Blvd Ste 725 
        Duluth, GA 
3100 Breckinridge Blvd Ste 725
Duluth
GA





 

 


CSA Business Solutions

        
                
        791 Park Manor Dr SE 
        Smyrna, GA 
791 Park Manor Dr SE
Smyrna
GA





 

 


Danny F. Dukes & Associates, LLC

        
                
        101 Avalon Ct 
        Canton, GA 
101 Avalon Ct
Canton
GA





 

 







Delta Community Credit Union

1025 Virginia Ave Atlanta, GA
1025 Virginia Ave 
Atlanta
GA

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(404) 715-4725
















 


Diversified Trust Company

        
                
        400 Galleria Pkwy SE STE 1400 
        Atlanta, GA 
400 Galleria Pkwy SE STE 1400
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Doctor Working Capital, Inc.

        
                
        6340 Sugarloaf Pkwy Ste 200 
        Duluth, GA 
6340 Sugarloaf Pkwy Ste 200
Duluth
GA





 

 


Eagle Business Credit, LLC

        
                
        250 Chastain Rd NW STE 100 
        Kennesaw, GA 
250 Chastain Rd NW STE 100
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Elm3 Financial Group, LLC

        
                
        5755 N Point Pkwy STE 92 
        Alpharetta, GA 
5755 N Point Pkwy STE 92
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Engels Financial Group

        
                
        125 Townpark Dr NW Ste 300 
        Kennesaw, GA 
125 Townpark Dr NW Ste 300
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Evergreen  Anchor  Capital, LLC

        
                
        920 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 250 
        Roswell, GA 
920 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 250
Roswell
GA





 

 


Fairfield Funding

        
                
        3424 Peachtree Rd NE STE C100 
        Atlanta, GA 
3424 Peachtree Rd NE STE C100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Family Savings Credit Union

        
                
        342 Charles Hardy Pkwy 
        Hiram, GA 
342 Charles Hardy Pkwy
Hiram
GA





 

 


Fidelity Financial Services, Inc.

        
                
        PO Box 808 
        Roswell, GA 
PO Box 808
Roswell
GA





 

 


Financial Asset Management Systems, Inc.

        
                
        645 Molly Ln STE 110 
        Woodstock, GA 
645 Molly Ln STE 110
Woodstock
GA





 

 


First Fidelity Financial Group of Atlanta, LLC

        
                
        3414 Peachtree Rd NE Ste 1120 
        Atlanta, GA 
3414 Peachtree Rd NE Ste 1120
Atlanta
GA





 

 


First Investors Corporation

        
                
        40 Wall St Fl 10 
        New York, NY 
40 Wall St Fl 10
New York
NY





 

 


Fortiva Financial, LLC

        
                
        5 Concourse Pkwy STE 400 
        Atlanta, GA 
5 Concourse Pkwy STE 400
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Genesis Financial Limited

        
                
        2333 Browns Bridge Rd 
        Gainesville, GA 
2333 Browns Bridge Rd
Gainesville
GA





 

 


Georgia Consortium for Personal Financial Literacy, Inc.

        
                
        PO Box 18858 
        Atlanta, GA 
PO Box 18858
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Georgia Home Rescue

        
                
        2255 Cumberland Pkwy Ste 1200 
        Atlanta, GA 
2255 Cumberland Pkwy Ste 1200
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Georgia Platinum Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        1301 Shiloh Rd NW Ste 1330 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1301 Shiloh Rd NW Ste 1330
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Georgia Wealth Advisors

        
                
        6 Concourse Pkwy Ste 3100 
        Atlanta, GA 
6 Concourse Pkwy Ste 3100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Gibbs Financial Group, LLC

        
                
        2475 Northwinds Pkwy STE 200 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2475 Northwinds Pkwy STE 200
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Greenleaf Investment Group, LLC

        
                
        35 Nanette Dr 
        Newnan, GA 
35 Nanette Dr
Newnan
GA





 

 


GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.

        
                
        75 5th St NW STE 214 
        Atlanta, GA 
75 5th St NW STE 214
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Hill & Hill Financial, LLC

        
                
        406 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
406 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


Hoffman Financial Group, Inc.

        
                
        1200 Abernathy Rd NE Ste 1700 
        Atlanta, GA 
1200 Abernathy Rd NE Ste 1700
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Homestar Financial Corporation

        
                
        332 Washington St NW 
        Gainesville, GA 
332 Washington St NW
Gainesville
GA





 

 


iCare Financial, LLC

        
                
        975 Cobb Place Blvd NW Ste 317 
        Kennesaw, GA 
975 Cobb Place Blvd NW Ste 317
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Investment Network Financial Offices

        
                
        PO Box 83042 
        Conyers, GA 
PO Box 83042
Conyers
GA





 

 


Investor Rehab Funding, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 1959 
        Smyrna, GA 
PO Box 1959
Smyrna
GA





 

 


John D. Porter CPA

        
                
        3061 E Point St 
        Atlanta, GA 
3061 E Point St
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Kabbage, Inc.

        
                
        730 Peachtree St NE STE 1100 
        Atlanta, GA 
730 Peachtree St NE STE 1100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Law Office of C. E. Taylor

        
                
        778 Rays Rd 
        Stone Mountain, GA 
778 Rays Rd
Stone Mountain
GA





 

 


LD Realty Capital, LLC

        
                
        2660 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 206 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2660 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 206
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Lendmark Financial Services

        
                
        2118 Usher St NW 
        Covington, GA 
2118 Usher St NW
Covington
GA





 

 


LTC Tree

        
                
        5 Concourse Pkwy STE 3000 
        Atlanta, GA 
5 Concourse Pkwy STE 3000
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Mattix Wealth Management, LLC

        
                
        3905 Harrison Rd STE 500 
        Loganville, GA 
3905 Harrison Rd STE 500
Loganville
GA





 

 


Melissa A. Probst, CPA, PC

        
                
        PO Box 1987 
        Suwanee, GA 
PO Box 1987
Suwanee
GA





 

 


Munro Legacy Planners, LLC

        
                
        321 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
321 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


My Headquarters Pro, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 2170 
        Duluth, GA 
PO Box 2170
Duluth
GA





 

 


Nations Lending Corporation

        
                
        4 Summit Park Dr STE 200 
        Independence, OH 
4 Summit Park Dr STE 200
Independence
OH





 

 


nCourt, LLC

        
                
        955A Cobb Place Blvd NW 
        Kennesaw, GA 
955A Cobb Place Blvd NW
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Netcom PaySystem

        
                
        980 Canton St, Ste D 
        Roswell, GA 
980 Canton St, Ste D
Roswell
GA





 

 


One Stop Funding Solutions

        
                
        3330 Cumberland Blvd SE STE 500 
        Atlanta, GA 
3330 Cumberland Blvd SE STE 500
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Open Home Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        1810 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Ste 240 
        Duluth, GA 
1810 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Ste 240
Duluth
GA





 

 


Patriot Finance, LLC

        
                
        2500 Cumberland Pkwy SE STE 225 
        Atlanta, GA 
2500 Cumberland Pkwy SE STE 225
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Peach State Solutions, LLC

        
                
        1703 Calibre Woods Dr NE 
        Atlanta, GA 
1703 Calibre Woods Dr NE
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Pennylane Properties, LLC

        
                
        415 Fayetteville Rd 
        Decatur, GA 
415 Fayetteville Rd
Decatur
GA





 

 


Performance Lending

        
                
        2190 Brandon Trl STE 1 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2190 Brandon Trl STE 1
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Phelps Financial Group

        
                
        1300 Ridenour Blvd NW STE 100 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1300 Ridenour Blvd NW STE 100
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Primary Capital Mortgage

        
                
        1000 Parkwood Cir SE Ste 600 
        Atlanta, GA 
1000 Parkwood Cir SE Ste 600
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Primerica, Inc.

        
                
        1 Primerica Pkwy 
        Duluth, GA 
1 Primerica Pkwy
Duluth
GA





 

 


Protected Assets

        
                
        2385 Wall St SE Ste 214 
        Conyers, GA 
2385 Wall St SE Ste 214
Conyers
GA





 

 


Provider Web Capital Funding, LLC

        
                
        3300 Highlands Pkwy SE 
        Smyrna, GA 
3300 Highlands Pkwy SE
Smyrna
GA





 

 


R. McClendon, CPA, P.C.

        
                
        9 W Broad St 
        Newnan, GA 
9 W Broad St
Newnan
GA





 

 


Ridley International, Inc.

        
                
        2400 Herodian Way SE Ste 110 
        Smyrna, GA 
2400 Herodian Way SE Ste 110
Smyrna
GA





 

 


Robinson, Rabinowitz & Bernstein, P.C.

        
                
        4651 Roswell Rd STE I804 
        Atlanta, GA 
4651 Roswell Rd STE I804
Atlanta
GA





 

 


S.D.A., Inc.

        
                
        2060 Mount Paran Rd NW Ste 101 
        Atlanta, GA 
2060 Mount Paran Rd NW Ste 101
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Security Finance

        
                
        181 Security Pl 
        Spartanburg, SC 
181 Security Pl
Spartanburg
SC





 

 


Senior Financial Planning, LLC

        
                
        2551 Roswell Rd STE 209 
        Marietta, GA 
2551 Roswell Rd STE 209
Marietta
GA





 

 


Southern Keystone Services

        
                
        11175 Cicero Dr Ste 100 
        Alpharetta, GA 
11175 Cicero Dr Ste 100
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Stellar Road Financial Group

        
                
        4854 Old National Hwy STE 166 
        Atlanta, GA 
4854 Old National Hwy STE 166
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Synergy Wealth Management, Inc.

        
                
        3440 Blue Springs Rd NW STE 503 
        Kennesaw, GA 
3440 Blue Springs Rd NW STE 503
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Tax & Retirement Advisory Services, LLC

        
                
        208 S Hill St 
        Buford, GA 
208 S Hill St
Buford
GA





 

 


The PrivateBank

        
                
        120 S La Salle St STE 400 
        Chicago, IL 
120 S La Salle St STE 400
Chicago
IL





 

 


United Acceptance, Inc.

        
                
        2400 Lake Park Dr SE Ste 100 
        Smyrna, GA 
2400 Lake Park Dr SE Ste 100
Smyrna
GA





 

 


VeriCheck, Inc.

        
                
        2344 Perimeter Park Dr 
        Atlanta, GA 
2344 Perimeter Park Dr
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Vion Investments, LLC

        
                
        400 Interstate North Pkwy SE Ste 800 
        Atlanta, GA 
400 Interstate North Pkwy SE Ste 800
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Wealth Guard Management, LLC

        
                
        200 Kelly Dr 
        Peachtree City, GA 
200 Kelly Dr
Peachtree City
GA





 

 


Wiser Wealth Management, Inc.

        
                
        125 Church St NE Ste 220 
        Marietta, GA 
125 Church St NE Ste 220
Marietta
GA





 

 


World Financial Group, Inc.

        
                
        11315 Johns Creek Pkwy 
        Johns Creek, GA 
11315 Johns Creek Pkwy
Johns Creek
GA





 





1 of 9

10
20
50
Show All


Total Result: 89













 






If you would like to be listed in Financial Services, you can 
							apply to become BBB Accredited.











×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.













BBB Accredited Business Reviews in Metro Atlanta, Athens and Northeast Georgia - U.S. BBB





















































































 BBB Accredited Business Directory
Screened. Approved. Monitored.  Plus ratings, maps, photos, videos, and more.

Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia HomeAccredited Business Directory









Search For:
Business Name, Type[e.g., "Plumbers"], URL, Phone






In: 
													
							(City and State or Postal Code)
							
						





BBB Accredited











HIDE


Home Improvement Services and Products

Roofing Contractors
Plumbers
Contractors - General
Pest Control Services
Painting Contractors
Heating & Air Conditioning



Construction and Building Materials

Gutters & Downspouts
Construction & Remodeling Services
Bathroom Remodeling
Drywall Contractors
Windows
Kitchen Remodeling



Banking and Financial Services

Financial Services
Mortgage Brokers
Tax Return Preparation
Loans
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives
Accountants - Certified Public



Automotive

Auto Body Repair & Painting
Auto Dealers - Used Cars
Auto Repair & Service
Auto Dealers - New Cars
Transmissions - Automobile
Brake Service



Consulting

Property Management
Attorneys & Lawyers
Kitchen Remodeling
Roofing Service Consultants
Business Consultants
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives


















Top 15 Categories

Auto Body Repair & Painting
Collection Agencies
Contractors - General
Electricians
Financial Services
Handyman Services
Heating & Air Conditioning
Home Builders
Home Improvements
Movers
Painting Contractors
Pest Control Services
Plumbers
Property Management
Roofing Contractors









Trust BBB to find local accredited businesses, ratings, maps, directions & more
Build Trust, Advertise Honestly, Tell the Truth, Be Transparent, Honor Promises, Be Responsive, Safeguard Privacy, Embody Integrity. Can consumers trust you?








 




industries




Advertising and Branding
Aerospace and Defense
Agriculture
Apparel and Textiles
Arts and Crafts
Automotive
Banking and Financial Services
Biotechnology
Business Products and Supplies
Chemicals and Plastics
Computer Hardware, Software and Services
Construction and Building Materials
Consulting
Dentists/Dental Services
Educational Services
Energy and Utilities
Engineering and Research
Entertainment
Environmental
Food and Beverages
Forestry, Fishing, and Hunting
Government


Health Care and Social Assistance
Home Improvement Services and Products
Household and Personal Products
Insurance
Investment and Securities
Job Seekers/Careers
Machinery
Manufacturing
Media
Moving, Transportation, and Storage
Natural Resources
Organizations
Pharmaceutical
Physicians/Medical Services
Public Administration
Publishing and Printing
Real Estate, Rental, and Leasing
Retail
Sports and Fitness, Indoor and Outdoor
Telecommunications
Travel






Categories In Alphabetical Order


A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z








recent business


Photos














Videos











 






        Send Feedback
    

Comment
Email Address:


Message:




We appreciate your feedback and will continue to strive to make our website better.  Thank you!






×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.













Metro Atlanta, Athens And Northeast Georgia Financial Services - Find BBB Accredited Financial Services in Metro Atlanta, Athens and Northeast Georgia





























































































Categories Related to Financial Services

Bookkeeping Service


Insurance Services


Real Estate


Business Services - General


Insurance - Life


Payroll Service


Collection Agencies


Accounting Services


Real Estate Services


Financing


Auto Dealers - Used Cars


Real Estate Loans


Investment Advisory Service














Accredited Business Directory
Find Businesses You Can Trust

Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia HomeAccredited Business Directory / Banking and Financial ServicesFinancial Services
Financial Services







Legend

BBB Accredited Sponsor

BBB Accredited Business




Filter by


Categories Related to Financial Services






Filter by City


Alpharetta
Atlanta
Duluth
Kennesaw


Marietta
Roswell
Smyrna
Woodstock






Categories Related to Financial Services




Business Consultants
Tax Return Preparation
Financial Planning Consultants
Mortgage Brokers


Loans
Taxes - Consultants & Representatives
Retirement Planning Service
Show More Business Types





Financial Services in Local Cities

Financial Services in Other Cities

Lubbock, TX
Lafayette, LA
Lake Charles, LA
Las Vegas, NV
Regina, SK
Dayton, OH
Huntsville, AL
Fort Wayne, IN


BBB Accredited Financial Services  have all agreed to a set of high standards in their business practices. Learn more about BBB Accreditation.

Sponsored Listings of BBB Accredited  Financial Services
Results for : "Financial Services" in "Metro Atlanta, Athens and NE Georgia"


Business Name / Address
Type of BusinessBBB Accreditation 








Delta Community Credit Union

1025 Virginia Ave Atlanta, GA
1025 Virginia Ave 
Atlanta
GA

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(404) 715-4725






















All BBB Accredited  Financial Services






Business Name / Address
Type of Business
BBB Accreditation 

 





Abode Realty, Inc.

        
                
        1449 McPherson Ave SE 
        Atlanta, GA 
1449 McPherson Ave SE
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Aileron Investment Advisors

        
                
        4320 Suwanee Dam Rd Ste 2600 
        Suwanee, GA 
4320 Suwanee Dam Rd Ste 2600
Suwanee
GA





 

 


Altus Wealth Strategies, Inc.

        
                
        11138 State Bridge Rd STE 100 
        Johns Creek, GA 
11138 State Bridge Rd STE 100
Johns Creek
GA





 

 


America's Investment Specialists, LLC

        
                
        1635 Old 41 Hwy NW STE 112-333 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1635 Old 41 Hwy NW STE 112-333
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


American Surety Bonds Agency, LLC

        
                
        1935 Cliff Valley Way NE STE 115 
        Atlanta, GA 
1935 Cliff Valley Way NE STE 115
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Anchor Home Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        6495 Shiloh Rd STE 400 
        Alpharetta, GA 
6495 Shiloh Rd STE 400
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Asset Management Group

        
                
        2300 Lakeview Pkwy STE 700 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2300 Lakeview Pkwy STE 700
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Associated Credit Union

        
                
        6251 Crooked Creek Rd Ste B 
        Norcross, GA 
6251 Crooked Creek Rd Ste B
Norcross
GA





 

 


Automobile Acceptance Corporation

        
                
        749 Main St 
        Riverdale, GA 
749 Main St
Riverdale
GA





 

 


Baer Wealth Management

        
                
        101 Village Pkwy NE Bldg 1 STE 200 
        Marietta, GA 
101 Village Pkwy NE Bldg 1 STE 200
Marietta
GA





 

 


Bankers Life

        
                
        111 E Wacker Dr STE 2100 
        Chicago, IL 
111 E Wacker Dr STE 2100
Chicago
IL





 

 


Barthelemy Commercial Capital, LLC

        
                
        3355 Lenox Rd NE STE 750 
        Atlanta, GA 
3355 Lenox Rd NE STE 750
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Bridges Financial Solutions, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 164 
        Hampton, GA 
PO Box 164
Hampton
GA





 

 


CAN Capital, Inc.

        
                
        2015 Vaughn Rd NW Ste 500 
        Kennesaw, GA 
2015 Vaughn Rd NW Ste 500
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Cassells & Associates Accounting Firm, LC

        
                
        5415 Sugarloaf Pkwy STE 1102 
        Lawrenceville, GA 
5415 Sugarloaf Pkwy STE 1102
Lawrenceville
GA





 

 


Cecil B. Day Investment Company

        
                
        4725 Peachtree Corners Cir Ste 300 
        Norcross, GA 
4725 Peachtree Corners Cir Ste 300
Norcross
GA





 

 


CrossCountry Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        333 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
333 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


Crown Asset Management, LLC

        
                
        3100 Breckinridge Blvd Ste 725 
        Duluth, GA 
3100 Breckinridge Blvd Ste 725
Duluth
GA





 

 


CSA Business Solutions

        
                
        791 Park Manor Dr SE 
        Smyrna, GA 
791 Park Manor Dr SE
Smyrna
GA





 

 


Danny F. Dukes & Associates, LLC

        
                
        101 Avalon Ct 
        Canton, GA 
101 Avalon Ct
Canton
GA





 

 







Delta Community Credit Union

1025 Virginia Ave Atlanta, GA
1025 Virginia Ave 
Atlanta
GA

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(404) 715-4725
















 


Diversified Trust Company

        
                
        400 Galleria Pkwy SE STE 1400 
        Atlanta, GA 
400 Galleria Pkwy SE STE 1400
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Doctor Working Capital, Inc.

        
                
        6340 Sugarloaf Pkwy Ste 200 
        Duluth, GA 
6340 Sugarloaf Pkwy Ste 200
Duluth
GA





 

 


Eagle Business Credit, LLC

        
                
        250 Chastain Rd NW STE 100 
        Kennesaw, GA 
250 Chastain Rd NW STE 100
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Elm3 Financial Group, LLC

        
                
        5755 N Point Pkwy STE 92 
        Alpharetta, GA 
5755 N Point Pkwy STE 92
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Engels Financial Group

        
                
        125 Townpark Dr NW Ste 300 
        Kennesaw, GA 
125 Townpark Dr NW Ste 300
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Evergreen  Anchor  Capital, LLC

        
                
        920 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 250 
        Roswell, GA 
920 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 250
Roswell
GA





 

 


Fairfield Funding

        
                
        3424 Peachtree Rd NE STE C100 
        Atlanta, GA 
3424 Peachtree Rd NE STE C100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Family Savings Credit Union

        
                
        342 Charles Hardy Pkwy 
        Hiram, GA 
342 Charles Hardy Pkwy
Hiram
GA





 

 


Fidelity Financial Services, Inc.

        
                
        PO Box 808 
        Roswell, GA 
PO Box 808
Roswell
GA





 

 


Financial Asset Management Systems, Inc.

        
                
        645 Molly Ln STE 110 
        Woodstock, GA 
645 Molly Ln STE 110
Woodstock
GA





 

 


First Fidelity Financial Group of Atlanta, LLC

        
                
        3414 Peachtree Rd NE Ste 1120 
        Atlanta, GA 
3414 Peachtree Rd NE Ste 1120
Atlanta
GA





 

 


First Investors Corporation

        
                
        40 Wall St Fl 10 
        New York, NY 
40 Wall St Fl 10
New York
NY





 

 


Fortiva Financial, LLC

        
                
        5 Concourse Pkwy STE 400 
        Atlanta, GA 
5 Concourse Pkwy STE 400
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Genesis Financial Limited

        
                
        2333 Browns Bridge Rd 
        Gainesville, GA 
2333 Browns Bridge Rd
Gainesville
GA





 

 


Georgia Consortium for Personal Financial Literacy, Inc.

        
                
        PO Box 18858 
        Atlanta, GA 
PO Box 18858
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Georgia Home Rescue

        
                
        2255 Cumberland Pkwy Ste 1200 
        Atlanta, GA 
2255 Cumberland Pkwy Ste 1200
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Georgia Platinum Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        1301 Shiloh Rd NW Ste 1330 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1301 Shiloh Rd NW Ste 1330
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Georgia Wealth Advisors

        
                
        6 Concourse Pkwy Ste 3100 
        Atlanta, GA 
6 Concourse Pkwy Ste 3100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Gibbs Financial Group, LLC

        
                
        2475 Northwinds Pkwy STE 200 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2475 Northwinds Pkwy STE 200
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Greenleaf Investment Group, LLC

        
                
        35 Nanette Dr 
        Newnan, GA 
35 Nanette Dr
Newnan
GA





 

 


GROUNDFLOOR Finance, Inc.

        
                
        75 5th St NW STE 214 
        Atlanta, GA 
75 5th St NW STE 214
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Hill & Hill Financial, LLC

        
                
        406 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
406 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


Hoffman Financial Group, Inc.

        
                
        1200 Abernathy Rd NE Ste 1700 
        Atlanta, GA 
1200 Abernathy Rd NE Ste 1700
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Homestar Financial Corporation

        
                
        332 Washington St NW 
        Gainesville, GA 
332 Washington St NW
Gainesville
GA





 

 


iCare Financial, LLC

        
                
        975 Cobb Place Blvd NW Ste 317 
        Kennesaw, GA 
975 Cobb Place Blvd NW Ste 317
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Investment Network Financial Offices

        
                
        PO Box 83042 
        Conyers, GA 
PO Box 83042
Conyers
GA





 

 


Investor Rehab Funding, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 1959 
        Smyrna, GA 
PO Box 1959
Smyrna
GA





 

 


John D. Porter CPA

        
                
        3061 E Point St 
        Atlanta, GA 
3061 E Point St
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Kabbage, Inc.

        
                
        730 Peachtree St NE STE 1100 
        Atlanta, GA 
730 Peachtree St NE STE 1100
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Law Office of C. E. Taylor

        
                
        778 Rays Rd 
        Stone Mountain, GA 
778 Rays Rd
Stone Mountain
GA





 

 


LD Realty Capital, LLC

        
                
        2660 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 206 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2660 Holcomb Bridge Rd STE 206
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Lendmark Financial Services

        
                
        2118 Usher St NW 
        Covington, GA 
2118 Usher St NW
Covington
GA





 

 


LTC Tree

        
                
        5 Concourse Pkwy STE 3000 
        Atlanta, GA 
5 Concourse Pkwy STE 3000
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Mattix Wealth Management, LLC

        
                
        3905 Harrison Rd STE 500 
        Loganville, GA 
3905 Harrison Rd STE 500
Loganville
GA





 

 


Melissa A. Probst, CPA, PC

        
                
        PO Box 1987 
        Suwanee, GA 
PO Box 1987
Suwanee
GA





 

 


Munro Legacy Planners, LLC

        
                
        321 Creekstone Rdg 
        Woodstock, GA 
321 Creekstone Rdg
Woodstock
GA





 

 


My Headquarters Pro, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 2170 
        Duluth, GA 
PO Box 2170
Duluth
GA





 

 


Nations Lending Corporation

        
                
        4 Summit Park Dr STE 200 
        Independence, OH 
4 Summit Park Dr STE 200
Independence
OH





 

 


nCourt, LLC

        
                
        955A Cobb Place Blvd NW 
        Kennesaw, GA 
955A Cobb Place Blvd NW
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Netcom PaySystem

        
                
        980 Canton St, Ste D 
        Roswell, GA 
980 Canton St, Ste D
Roswell
GA





 

 


One Stop Funding Solutions

        
                
        3330 Cumberland Blvd SE STE 500 
        Atlanta, GA 
3330 Cumberland Blvd SE STE 500
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Open Home Mortgage, Inc.

        
                
        1810 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Ste 240 
        Duluth, GA 
1810 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Ste 240
Duluth
GA





 

 


Patriot Finance, LLC

        
                
        2500 Cumberland Pkwy SE STE 225 
        Atlanta, GA 
2500 Cumberland Pkwy SE STE 225
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Peach State Solutions, LLC

        
                
        1703 Calibre Woods Dr NE 
        Atlanta, GA 
1703 Calibre Woods Dr NE
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Pennylane Properties, LLC

        
                
        415 Fayetteville Rd 
        Decatur, GA 
415 Fayetteville Rd
Decatur
GA





 

 


Performance Lending

        
                
        2190 Brandon Trl STE 1 
        Alpharetta, GA 
2190 Brandon Trl STE 1
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Phelps Financial Group

        
                
        1300 Ridenour Blvd NW STE 100 
        Kennesaw, GA 
1300 Ridenour Blvd NW STE 100
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Primary Capital Mortgage

        
                
        1000 Parkwood Cir SE Ste 600 
        Atlanta, GA 
1000 Parkwood Cir SE Ste 600
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Primerica, Inc.

        
                
        1 Primerica Pkwy 
        Duluth, GA 
1 Primerica Pkwy
Duluth
GA





 

 


Protected Assets

        
                
        2385 Wall St SE Ste 214 
        Conyers, GA 
2385 Wall St SE Ste 214
Conyers
GA





 

 


Provider Web Capital Funding, LLC

        
                
        3300 Highlands Pkwy SE 
        Smyrna, GA 
3300 Highlands Pkwy SE
Smyrna
GA





 

 


R. McClendon, CPA, P.C.

        
                
        9 W Broad St 
        Newnan, GA 
9 W Broad St
Newnan
GA





 

 


Ridley International, Inc.

        
                
        2400 Herodian Way SE Ste 110 
        Smyrna, GA 
2400 Herodian Way SE Ste 110
Smyrna
GA





 

 


Robinson, Rabinowitz & Bernstein, P.C.

        
                
        4651 Roswell Rd STE I804 
        Atlanta, GA 
4651 Roswell Rd STE I804
Atlanta
GA





 

 


S.D.A., Inc.

        
                
        2060 Mount Paran Rd NW Ste 101 
        Atlanta, GA 
2060 Mount Paran Rd NW Ste 101
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Security Finance

        
                
        181 Security Pl 
        Spartanburg, SC 
181 Security Pl
Spartanburg
SC





 

 


Senior Financial Planning, LLC

        
                
        2551 Roswell Rd STE 209 
        Marietta, GA 
2551 Roswell Rd STE 209
Marietta
GA





 

 


Southern Keystone Services

        
                
        11175 Cicero Dr Ste 100 
        Alpharetta, GA 
11175 Cicero Dr Ste 100
Alpharetta
GA





 

 


Stellar Road Financial Group

        
                
        4854 Old National Hwy STE 166 
        Atlanta, GA 
4854 Old National Hwy STE 166
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Synergy Wealth Management, Inc.

        
                
        3440 Blue Springs Rd NW STE 503 
        Kennesaw, GA 
3440 Blue Springs Rd NW STE 503
Kennesaw
GA





 

 


Tax & Retirement Advisory Services, LLC

        
                
        208 S Hill St 
        Buford, GA 
208 S Hill St
Buford
GA





 

 


The PrivateBank

        
                
        120 S La Salle St STE 400 
        Chicago, IL 
120 S La Salle St STE 400
Chicago
IL





 

 


United Acceptance, Inc.

        
                
        2400 Lake Park Dr SE Ste 100 
        Smyrna, GA 
2400 Lake Park Dr SE Ste 100
Smyrna
GA





 

 


VeriCheck, Inc.

        
                
        2344 Perimeter Park Dr 
        Atlanta, GA 
2344 Perimeter Park Dr
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Vion Investments, LLC

        
                
        400 Interstate North Pkwy SE Ste 800 
        Atlanta, GA 
400 Interstate North Pkwy SE Ste 800
Atlanta
GA





 

 


Wealth Guard Management, LLC

        
                
        200 Kelly Dr 
        Peachtree City, GA 
200 Kelly Dr
Peachtree City
GA





 

 


Wiser Wealth Management, Inc.

        
                
        125 Church St NE Ste 220 
        Marietta, GA 
125 Church St NE Ste 220
Marietta
GA





 

 


World Financial Group, Inc.

        
                
        11315 Johns Creek Pkwy 
        Johns Creek, GA 
11315 Johns Creek Pkwy
Johns Creek
GA





 





1 of 9

10
20
50
Show All


Total Result: 89













 






If you would like to be listed in Financial Services, you can 
							apply to become BBB Accredited.











×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.











