
  GRWG:OTC US Stock Quote - GrowGeneration Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  GrowGeneration Corp   GRWG:US   OTC US        1.80USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   1.80    Day Range   1.80 - 1.82    Volume   17,124    Previous Close   1.80    52Wk Range   1.50 - 3.43                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.80    Day Range   1.80 - 1.82    Volume   17,124    Previous Close   1.80    52Wk Range   1.50 - 3.43    YTD Return   -23.40%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.06    Market Cap (m USD)   26.121    Shares Outstanding  (m)   14.511    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.10    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/19/2017   GrowGeneration Appoints Peter Rosenberg to its Board of Directors     5/23/2017   GrowGeneration Acquires Assets of Seattle Hydro Spot; Opens Northwest Retail Distribution Center     5/16/2017   GrowGeneration Reports Record First Quarter Revenue     4/26/2017   GrowGeneration Opens 8,000 Square Foot Southern California Retail Distribution Center     4/3/2017   GrowGeneration Achieves Record 2016 Sales, Up 130%     4/3/2017   GrowGeneration Achieves Record 2016 Sales, Up 130%     3/14/2017   GrowGeneration Secures $1,650,000 in Capital From Merida Capital Partners to Continue to Fuel Growth     3/14/2017   GrowGeneration Secures $1,650,000 in Capital From Merida Capital  Partners to Continue to Fuel Growth     2/15/2017   GrowGeneration Acquires All the Assets of Sonoma Hydro Creating a  $2.5 Million Northern California Retail Distribution Center     2/15/2017   GrowGeneration Acquires All the Assets of Sonoma Hydro Creating a  $2.5 Million Northern California Retail Distribution Center    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   GrowGeneration Corp. distributes agricultural products. The Company offers plant nutrition, farming soils, crops, and other products. GrowGeneration markets its products worldwide.    Address  609 East Enterprise DriveSuite 150Pueblo West, CO 81007United States   Phone  1-800-935-8420   Website   www.growgeneration.com     Executives Board Members    Darren Lampert  Chief Executive Officer    Michael J Salaman  President    Monty Lamirato  CFO/Secretary    Joe Prinzivalli  Chief Operating Officer     Show More         GrowGeneration Set To Expand Sales Dramatically In The Legalization Industry - GrowGeneration Corp. (OTCMKTS:GRWG) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»GrowGeneration Set To Expand Sales Dramatically In The Legalization IndustryJul. 5.17 | About: GrowGeneration Corp. (GRWG) Daniel Sermersheim Long only, Deep Value, special situations, growth at reasonable priceSummaryStore count has grown over 100% in 18 months.Sales have grown over 100% and are predicted to grow near 100% this year.Territory expansion will grow from 2 states to 7 states in a short period of time.Pick and shovel plays are essential parts of the industry's growth.GrowGeneration (OTCQB:GRWG) is a top company to follow and possibly own in the marijuana legalization sector, with strong same-store sales growth, expansion into new markets, and an aggressive growth strategy. GrowGen for short, the company stands out as a “pick and shovel” play in one of the nation’s fastest growing industries. With recent expansion into two new states and planned expansion into three additional states, GrowGen will soon be serving the needs of marijuana growers in seven states. Although not currently profitable, the company has reported a quarterly profit in the past and the balance sheet checks out as clear. These factors make GrowGen a must follow and perhaps a must own for investors in the marijuana legalization industry. Unless otherwise linked, all data and information for this article was obtained through the OTC Markets website. GrowGen Sell Real, Legal Products The marijuana industry is only legal on a state level, while the federal government still classifies marijuana as an illegal drug. The federal status creates many hurdles for companies trying to operate in the industry, not the least of which is a lack of access to banks. Selling marijuana is still a crime in the United States. Therefore, I prefer to focus my attention on so called “pick and shovel” plays, a term I recently learned in the comment to my article on Kush Bottles, another legalization company. Pick and shovel plays are so named because of the California gold rush in the mid 1800’s. One might not have made any money prospecting for gold, but those selling picks and shovels made a lot of money. One set of companies grows, distributes, or sells marijuana to the public. Another set of companies provides products and services to the first set of companies. The companies dealing with actual marijuana are legal in some states, but illegal federally. The second set, the picks and shovels, are completely legal both at a state and federal level. GrowGen is in the completely legal category and the products the company provides are essential products within the industry.
 Although GrowGen’s products are necessary for the industry, there is nothing proprietary about the company’s products. The company has stated repeatedly in press releases there are over 1,000 hydroponic stores in the U.S., while GrowGen has a mere 13 stores. Most of these stores are going to carry similar products and there currently is no one brand or product which dominates a fractured market. However, few companies will have the deep pockets of a publicly traded company raising money through equity, like in the case of GrowGen. So why is there a need for such a store? Why not just plant some seeds in a field, fertilize the plants and make sure they have water? What is the big deal with these specialized stores? The answer is fairly simple, growing marijuana is a complicated process. For most plant based products, humans consume the fruit of a plant, but with marijuana, humans are after the flower instead. Seeds are the “fruit” of the marijuana plant and do not contain the desired chemicals which marijuana users seek. Seeds are not smoked, as they give off a foul taste and odor when burned, so the presence of seeds devalues the crop. Marijuana plants are either male or female and the males do not grow the flowers desired by users. Rather, males grow pollen sacks and must be killed off to prevent seeds from growing in the flowers of the female plants. Additionally, if plants are grown from seed, each female plant will produce slightly different qualities and cause an inconsistent end product. Therefore, marijuana is generally grown using a mother plant with known characteristics and then cloning the mother plant to produce many plants with an identical end product. So, just to start a commercial crop there are specialized products and equipment, such as clone domes, clone gel, and other chemicals to induce root growth in clones. These are not the kinds of products found at Wal-Mart or Home Depot. Because of the desire for consistency and to avoid pollination by male plants, high quality marijuana is usually grown indoors. The idea of fields of marijuana is a little bit far fetched and not likely to be a common sight in commercial operations, although there are outdoor growers. Thus, a grower has to provide all aspects of a plant’s needs in an indoor setting. Advanced lighting products, timers, carbon dioxide generators, watering systems, fertilizers, and many other accessories are needed to create an ideal indoor growing operation. Again, these products are not found in traditional department stores or home improvements stores. Traditional mom and pop green houses are also not likely to carry products needed in marijuana growing operations.
 Due to the above factors, companies like GrowGen exist in their own retail category, called hydroponic stores. The term hydroponic refers to the lack of actual dirt used in the growing operations. Instead of a plant growing in dirt inside a pot, a large percentage of marijuana is grown without actual dirt. Instead, the roots are either suspended in air and constantly misted or grown in an alternative medium utilizing flowing or dripping water. The water contains an ideal mix of nutrients and is constantly circulated through the room full of plants. Often the nutrients are catered to the specific variety of marijuana and the specific week in the plant’s growth cycle. With all of the complexities of marijuana cultivation, hydroponic stores need to be staffed with knowledgeable sales representatives and face little competition from other retailers. GrowGen operates in a highly specialized retail environment. GrowGen’s Rapid Expansion Most brick-and-mortar retailers have been challenged in the last ten years and indeed there has been a rash of bankruptcies. Online retailers have quickly taken a large share of the retail space. However, there are specialty retailers still in growth phases and able to exist despite the online competition. Hydroponic stores are undoubtedly specialty retailers and the law actually helps the physical stores versus online competition. Since marijuana is illegal at the federal level, commercial growers are unable to establish bank accounts, nor are the end marijuana retailers. Business is conducted in cash in many instances. With no access to credit cards, purchasing products online for a grow operation is not feasible. For the legalization industry, brick-and-mortar stores have a unique advantage over online stores. At the end of 2015, GrowGen had six stores, and in 2016, the company expanded to ten stores. Currently, the company has 13 stores. With 1,000 existing hydroponic stores in the U.S., there is ample opportunity for the company to expand through acquisitions. Another aspect of the company’s expansion is the increase in the number of states served. The company began operation in Colorado, where nine stores are currently in operation. Then, the company expanded to California, with two current stores. Now the company has also added a store in Nevada and Washington. Each state also has a distribution center, which will facilitate additional expansion plans in each region.
 The most recent acquisition in Washington highlights some of the core concepts currently in place for hydroponic operations. The store is only six years old and had an annual run rate of $1 million in sales. In the acquisition press release, Mr. Lampert, CEO of GrowGen, states: "By leveraging the established brand presence, along with our proven model, we are confident we can at least double sales in this region over the next year… We are expanding the sales organization to target the large number of commercial growers in the region. In addition, we will improve profitability of the operation by taking advantage of our scale, volume purchasing power, and our growing outside sales organization." The Seattle store is a newer retail location and can realize improved margins by joining the GrowGen team, while also rapidly increasing sales. The company retained existing staff and the former owner will stay on with the company as a salesman to try and capture additional commercial growing accounts. The company states the current operation serves only 50 of the 2,000 commercial growers in the Northwest. One can easily see the growth potential of GrowGen as illustrated by this latest acquisition. The company’s main objective is to aggressively grow existing stores by acquiring additional commercial accounts at each store and to also expand into different markets. The number of regions where the company operates, store count, sales, and same-store sales have all been a boon for the company. As the company scales up at the and corporate level, both gross and net margins should expand with the increasing economies of scale. All this expansion should bode well for future earnings and help to support a long-term investment thesis. GrowGen By The Numbers For the most part, I do not look into companies unless the company is currently profitable. With GrowGen, I take an exception. The company was profitable for one quarter of 2016 and one quarter of 2015, but has not had a trailing twelve-month’s profit yet. The net loss is mostly due to the company’s rapid expansion. That said, the net loss is not too terrible for such a rapid expansion. In the trailing twelve months, the company lost $662,000 on sales of $9 million. Gross profit was 26.5%, which is a decrease from previous levels. The company explains this decrease as an increase in commercial accounts, which bring in a much larger amount of sales but also come with lower gross profits. A chart of the reported history of company sales is clearly up and to the right.
 

 The company expanded sales from $4.4 million to $9 million in the same period, or a 105% increase in sales. The sales increase was not only driven by a higher store count, but in the most recent quarter, same-store sales increased 18%. In the retail industry, same-store sales growth of 18% is quite astounding no matter the industry. The company predicts $15 million in sales for the full year of 2017, which would be an 88% increase in sales. In retail, there are few industries where such great growth is achievable, but the legalization industry is itself a new industry and therefore can support such rapid increases. The growth though has come at a cost to shareholders. The first share count I have found was 9 million at the end of 2015. At the end of March, the company had 13.3 million shares issued and outstanding and the share count has increased with every reporting quarter. Additional capital raises will likely drive the share count significantly higher in the near future until operations are able to support the company’s expansion. Even more confounding for investors is a new share count of 14.5 million shares as of June 13th and an offering by existing shareholders of 8 million shares. Essentially, many early investors are selling out. This will increase the liquidity of shares, which in the short term may be a big negative, but in the long run may be beneficial as to how the shares trade. Certainly this will allow larger shareholders to take a larger stake in the company down the road. The capital raises are a necessary evil for GrowGen. Although share dilution is not ideal, this form of capital raise is better than a debt offering, from my perspective. Negative cash flows from operations were nearly $1 million in the most recent quarter, but the silver lining here is an outflow of $943,000 for inventory. Again, this is part of the rapid expansion of the company. Cash flows are likely to be negative for some time. If given a choice, I would much rather see a company raise cash through equity than taking on large amounts of debt.
 Although the numbers, with the exception of sales, are not pretty, such numbers are expected from a company in the early stages of what should be a massive expansion. At some point, there will be a critical mass reached where the company can fund expansion through operations, but until then, sales are likely to look great and other balance sheet and income statement items are likely to be bland to ugly. GrowGen Has Many Risk Factors As with any legalization play, the number one risk is a crackdown by the federal government. Currently, the federal government has not taken a hard stance against companies and consumers in states where marijuana is legal. However, if the federal government should crack down on this industry, companies like GrowGen will quickly cease to exist. Sure what GrowGen does is completely legal, but the end consumer, for the most part, operates illegally. There will still be a market for the same products even if the government stance should change, but commercial scale operations would cease to exist and only small black market operations would survive. The smaller operations would not be enough to support the current hydroponics industry and without a doubt the rapid growth of GrowGen would come to a halt. Nothing about GrowGen is proprietary. There are many distributors of hydroponic equipment and there are no dominant brands in the market. In this sense, legalization at a federal level becomes a risk. If box retailers can find a way to enter this market, the smaller operations will face significantly more competition. Currently, the quasi-legal status has kept the larger corporations out of the legalization market. For investors, the immediate risk is the recently filed prospectus for existing shareholders to sell up to 8 million shares. This will undoubtedly increase the liquidity and in all likelihood will drive down the price of shares. Since the company trades on the OTC market, increased liquidity may be a difficult challenge for investors, as larger institutions will not readily buy shares of OTC companies. Shares on this exchange are often subject to wild price swings, large spreads between the bid and ask, and lots of share price manipulation. But if the company should uplist in the future, the increased liquidity may be absorbed by institutional investors.
 Conclusion At Monday’s closing price of $1.91 a share, the company is valued at around $28 million, or roughly twice predicted 2017 sales. With no profits and the constant threat of dilution, there is little support for this price or any other price. However, this is mostly based on past or known information. The unknowns of the future are what make this company a potentially attractive buy. If the company is able to expand to 25, 50, 100 stores over the next few years, the economies of scale will likely phase out the need for additional equity raises as profits begin to appear on the bottom line. Although I do not see the company making a profit in 2017, I could see the bottom line turn positive in 2018, especially the second half. An investment in the company now is an investment in the future growth prospects of a small and aspiring company. Myself, I would not be buying shares until after the 8 million share offering has cleared and are out in circulation. But, after the offering, shares at a lower price would indeed seem attractive. There are very few publicly traded companies in the marijuana legalization sector which are completely legal, growing rapidly, and which have not taken on a lot of debt. GrowGeneration is a standout in this space, and as the industry matures, the company is poised to be a top investment idea for years to come.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Services, Home Improvement StoresWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Daniel Sermersheim and get email alerts




















GrowGeneration Corp Stock (OTCQB: GRWG) – Investor Dashboard – New Cannabis Ventures







































































 






































 









 













GrowGeneration Corp Stock (OTCQB: GRWG) - Investor Dashboard






Follow Company








 ➔ GrowGeneration Corp.


OTCQB Ticker:
GRWG



















Sector:
Hydroponics Retailer


Industry:
Legal Cannabis


Headquarters:
Pueblo, CO















Employees:
45


Established:
2014


CEO:
Darren Lampert



















Overview






Stores






Management






Recent Financing






Financials






News














Summary








Fiscal Year-End:
 December


Exchange:
 OTCQB


Sector:
 Hydroponics


Auditor :
Connolly, Grady & Cha, P.C.


Headquarters:
 Pueblo, CO


Retail Stores:
 13









Financials (03/31/17)








Cash on hand:
$1.32mm


Fixed Investment:
$653K


Shareholders’ Equity:
$5.41mm


Revenues – Last Quarter:
$2.58mm


Adj. Gross Margin :
26.4%


EPS :
-$0.02









Capital Structure (05/15/17)








Last Financing:
975K units at $2.00


Basic Shares:
14.461mm


Warrants:
5.115mm


Options:
1.872mm


Diluted Shares:
21.448mm



















Company Brief
GrowGeneration (GrowGen), founded in 2014, owns and operates specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores. Currently, GrowGen has 13 locations, including 10 in Colorado, 1 in California, 1 in Nevada and 1 in Washington. GrowGen carries and sells thousands of products, including organic nutrients and soils, advanced lighting technology and state of the art hydroponic equipment to be used both indoors and outdoors by commercial and home growers alike.
GrowGen’s mission is to own and operate GrowGeneration branded stores in all of the major legalized cannabis states. Management estimates that roughly 1000 hydroponic stores are in operation in the U.S.
Download April 2017 Investor Presentation





Featured Video












Highlights

130% sales growth in 2016 (50% same-store sales growth)
Focus on commercial growers and smaller growers needing local support
Products include medium (i.e., farming soil), industry-leading hydroponic equipment, power-efficient lighting, plant nutrients, and thousands of additional products used by professional growers and specialty cultivation operations
Operation and sales centers near concentrated areas of growers
Inventory solutions for commercial cultivators






Growth Strategy

Mission:  To become one of the largest retail hydroponic and organic specialty gardening retail outlets in the United States
New store openings and acquisitions
Geographic expansion: 10 Stores in CO, 1 in CA and 1 in NV and targeting AZ, FL, MD, MI, OH, OR, PA, WA and New England
National B2B sales team and e-commerce portal
White-labeled products
GrowGeneration Home, a “Store within a Store” new retail concept






Differentiators

Went public through S-1 process and not through reverse-merger
No convertible debt, net cash on balance sheet
Strong revenue growth
Well-positioned to consolidate highly fragmented industry
Strategic investors, including Merida Capital Partners and Robert Yosaitis












Co-Founder Interview – LD Micro Invitational 2017 in Bel Air, CA.
Michael Salaman, President & Co-Founder of GrowGeneration Corp




























 








Curated Stories & News





















Visit GrowGeneration Corp.,
at www.growgeneration.com.


Follow Company



New Cannabis Ventures in partnership with due diligence platform 420Investor, is the definitive source for fact-based, data-driven, financial information and relevant company news for qualified publicly traded cannabis companies. NCV extracts and parses only the most important content. Information is provided “as is” and solely for informational purposes, not for trading or advice. GrowGeneration Corp., is a client of NCV Media, LLC. Read our full disclaimer.



















© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 



























 


 




GrowGeneration































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu







As the essential online and offline resource for professional growers, GrowGen intends to be a grow pioneer's single-source outfitter for the latest and greatest in top-notch growing products, options, ideas and more.
GrowGen speaks the language of the modern grower.




Our Story
GrowGeneration Corp. (“GrowGen”) owns and operates specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores. Currently, GrowGen has 13 stores, which includes 9 locations in Colorado, 2 locations in California , 1 in las Las Vegas and 1 location in Seattle. GrowGen carries and sells thousands of products, including organic nutrients and soils, advanced lighting technology and state of the art hydroponic equipment to be used indoors and outdoors by commercial and home growers. Our mission is to own and operate GrowGeneration branded stores in all the major legalized cannabis states. Management estimates that roughly 1,000 hydroponic stores are in operation in the U.S. According to New Frontier Data, the U.S. cannabis market was $5.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to have reached $7.2 billion at the end of 2016. By 2020 the market is estimated to reach over $23 billion with a compound annual growth rate of 32%.









Join the Commercial Grower Community
Sign Up
Log In




Management Team








Darren Lampert
CEO & Co-Founder

Partner at Law Firm Lampert & Lampert (1987-2000).
Independent Portfolio Manager (2000-2014).
Holds a BS from Ithaca College and a JD from Bridgeport University School of Law.












Michael Salaman
President & Co-Founder

CEO & President at Skinny Nutritional Corp. (2000-2014).
25 years experience in consumer products, business development & brand marketing.
BBA from Temple University.












Joseph Prizivalli
Chief Operating Officer

Mr. Prizivalli has served as COO since April 2017.
From July 2011-June 2014, Mr. Prizivalli served as Way To Grow’s Distribution Center Manager, where he identified the need for and implemented all distribution operations.












Monty Lamirato
Chief Financial Officer

CFO, Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources, Inc. (2013-2016)
Independent consultant (2009-2017)
CFO/Treasurer, ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (2001-2009)











To the GrowGen team, a customer willing to spend his/her hard-earned money with us is a privilege and one that we take seriously. Our commitment is to reward the loyalty of our customers with an unbeatable selection or products, competitive prices, invaluable information and solutions, and an overall ease of shopping experience—whether online of offline—that places an emphasis on relationships and successful grow outcomes.




Our Partners
GrowGen is pleased to work with the following top-quality
      distribution and brand partners.


Brands








Advanced Nutrients
One of the most popular nutrient brands in the marketplace and the world's #1 seller of hydroponics nutrients.
read more



One of the most popular nutrient brands in the marketplace and the world's #1 seller of hydroponics nutrients.










Aurora Innovations
With its Roots Organics line, Aurora Innovations is dedicated to bringing superior and unique organic gardening products to growers for a healthier and happier planet. Founded in Eugene, Oregon by ...
read more



With its Roots Organics line, Aurora Innovations is dedicated to bringing superior and unique organic gardening products to growers for a healthier and happier planet. Founded in Eugene, Oregon by a group of conscientious, organic gardeners.










Botanicare
Premium nutrients, supplements and systems from a highly organized, collaborative team of deeply rooted growers that see the world of hydroponics going mainstream. Allowing grow professionals to grow anywhere, indoors ...
read more



Premium nutrients, supplements and systems from a highly organized, collaborative team of deeply rooted growers that see the world of hydroponics going mainstream. Allowing grow professionals to grow anywhere, indoors or out.










Can-Fan
Compact, quiet and extremely efficient! The Original Can-Fan provides the power and flexibility needed for residential and commercial applications. Rated for continuous operation, utilizing an extremely reliable external rotor motor ...
read more



Compact, quiet and extremely efficient! The Original Can-Fan provides the power and flexibility needed for residential and commercial applications. Rated for continuous operation, utilizing an extremely reliable external rotor motor and reverse curve blade.










Dyna-Gro
State-of-the-art formulas that supply all the essential minerals plants need for optimum growth. Whether you're a hobbyist with a couple of house plant's or a commercial grower with hundreds of ...
read more



State-of-the-art formulas that supply all the essential minerals plants need for optimum growth. Whether you're a hobbyist with a couple of house plant's or a commercial grower with hundreds of acres, Dyna-Gro can provide a complete nutrition solution for your plants.










Emerald Harvest Hydroponic Nutrients
Premium nutrients, supplements, root inoculants and plant tonics formulated to bring you greener gardens and fuller wallets. You will achieve simple, easy success in your gardens with Emerald Harvest. Our ...
read more



Premium nutrients, supplements, root inoculants and plant tonics formulated to bring you greener gardens and fuller wallets. You will achieve simple, easy success in your gardens with Emerald Harvest. Our simple yet powerful line of plant nutrients and supplements ensures you spend less time managing your feeding schedules, less money shopping for refills and more time watching your yields stack up at harvest. The nation's oldest wholesaler and leading manufacturer of hydroponics equipment and high-intensity grow lights.










Eye Hortliux
EYE HORTILUX® offers premium HID grow lights and ballasts for indoor gardeners. EYE HORTILUX® also provides expert grow lamp advice, professional tips and useful information to help you make educated ...
read more



EYE HORTILUX® offers premium HID grow lights and ballasts for indoor gardeners. EYE HORTILUX® also provides expert grow lamp advice, professional tips and useful information to help you make educated decisions regarding your HID lighting needs.










Fox Farm
A nationally recognized family-owned company dedicated to producing the finest quality garden products available anywhere, offering custom blended soil mixes, natural and organic fertilizers as well as organic-based products that ...
read more



A nationally recognized family-owned company dedicated to producing the finest quality garden products available anywhere, offering custom blended soil mixes, natural and organic fertilizers as well as organic-based products that Combine the Best of Technology with the Goodness of Nature™










Gavita Horticulture Lighting
Gavita is the largest specialized horticultural lighting company in the world. We are active on all five continents with projects ranging from single fixtures to large greenhouses with well over ...
read more



Gavita is the largest specialized horticultural lighting company in the world. We are active on all five continents with projects ranging from single fixtures to large greenhouses with well over 100,000 fixtures, serving the retail, research and professional horticultural market.










General Hydroponics
Founded over 35 years ago by Lawrence Brooke on the principles of quality, simplicity, innovation and a sustainable future, GH carries a proud tradition of bringing together nature and technology.
read more



Founded over 35 years ago by Lawrence Brooke on the principles of quality, simplicity, innovation and a sustainable future, GH carries a proud tradition of bringing together nature and technology.










Growth Science Nutrients
Each of these products have been designed with you, the grower, in mind. We start by using the highest quality raw materials that we can find. We then combine them ...
read more



Each of these products have been designed with you, the grower, in mind. We start by using the highest quality raw materials that we can find. We then combine them into highly concentrated, easy to use, final poducts designed to help you to achieve maximum results. We are proud to introduce the world's most balanced, comprehensive, and affordable nutrient line. Growth Science® Nutrients will give you the highest quality, scientifically developed plant nutrients available, at a good, affordable price.










Heavy 16
Heavy 16 is a complete fertilizing system, streamlined and grower-engineered to optimize crop volume and quality.
read more



Heavy 16 is a complete fertilizing system, streamlined and grower-engineered to optimize crop volume and quality.










House and Garden Nutrients
For over two decades House & Garden Dutch plant nutrients and additives have provided farmers across the globe with premium grade, state of the art technology and grow solutions.
read more



For over two decades House & Garden Dutch plant nutrients and additives have provided farmers across the globe with premium grade, state of the art technology and grow solutions.










Hydro-Organics Earth Juice
Since 1991, Hydro-Organics Wholesale Inc., the makers of "Earth Juice," has pleased gardeners around the world and been recognized as the leader in developing original fine crafted gardening products with ...
read more



Since 1991, Hydro-Organics Wholesale Inc., the makers of "Earth Juice," has pleased gardeners around the world and been recognized as the leader in developing original fine crafted gardening products with an emphasis on using premium natural Ingredients in easy-to-use formulas for prize winning results.










Mills Nutrients
Mills Nutrients is designed, manufactured and bottled entirely in Holland. Made in the fine Dutch tradition of an easy to use two part base along with additives that provide your ...
read more



Mills Nutrients is designed, manufactured and bottled entirely in Holland. Made in the fine Dutch tradition of an easy to use two part base along with additives that provide your plants with everything they need and nothing they do not. Mills is one of the first to develop bio-mineral plant nutrients utilizing the best of both synthetic and organic sources optimizing growth rates, yield, flavor, and aroma. The success of our bio mineral formula was realized only after thorough research in the field with both large greenhouse and hobbyist growers alike. Years of trials and tribulations have led to a complete small lineup of products of unprecedented quality providing all the nutritional elements needed; Basis A , Basis B, Start-R, C4, and Ultimate PK . These products unique composition allows growers to use the entire line in all grow mediums. Unlike completely synthetic nutrient lines which can build up in or on top of the soil, Mills Bio Mineral formula does not accumulate in the medium giving the grower a tremendous advantage when pushing his/her plants to the limit.










Pro-Mix
The flagship product from Premier Tech's Horticulture and Agriculture group, Pro-Mix combines its expertise and all-purpose grow experience to deliver 35 million bags of high-quality growing medium products yearly.
read more



The flagship product from Premier Tech's Horticulture and Agriculture group, Pro-Mix combines its expertise and all-purpose grow experience to deliver 35 million bags of high-quality growing medium products yearly.










SolisTek Digital Lighting
SolisTek is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced & efficient lighting products.
read more



SolisTek is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced & efficient lighting products.










Sunshine
Flagship product of Sun Gro, the largest producer of peat in North America and the largest distributor of peat moss and peat-based growing media products to the North American professional ...
read more



Flagship product of Sun Gro, the largest producer of peat in North America and the largest distributor of peat moss and peat-based growing media products to the North American professional plant growers market.






Distributors








BWGS
One of the largest suppliers of year-round gardening supplies in the nation, with an extensive inventory that includes thousands of hydroponic and organic products from a wide variety of vendors. ...
read more



One of the largest suppliers of year-round gardening supplies in the nation, with an extensive inventory that includes thousands of hydroponic and organic products from a wide variety of vendors. BWGS is a resource for everything a grower needs to run a successful garden supply center, nursery or greenhouse.










Central Garden Supply
One of the nation's largest wholesale suppliers of lawn and garden products with 11 distribution facilities spanning the U.S. A subsidiary of Central Garden & Pet, a publicly traded company ...
read more



One of the nation's largest wholesale suppliers of lawn and garden products with 11 distribution facilities spanning the U.S. A subsidiary of Central Garden & Pet, a publicly traded company and leading innovator, marketer and producer of quality brands like Pennington Seed®, Lilly Miller®, Ironite®, Sevin® and Amdro®.










Humboldt Wholesale
Exclusive distributor of house and garden. Good things come from Humboldt.
read more



Exclusive distributor of house and garden. Good things come from Humboldt.










Hydrofarm Horticultural Products
The nation's oldest wholesaler and leading manufacturer of hydroponics equipment and high-intensity grow lights.
read more



The nation's oldest wholesaler and leading manufacturer of hydroponics equipment and high-intensity grow lights.










Sunlight Supply
Founded in 1955, Sunlight Supply, Inc. is a Vancouver, Washington based manufacturer and distributor of specialty gardening supplies. Its product offering of over 5,000 different products includes everything needed for ...
read more



Founded in 1955, Sunlight Supply, Inc. is a Vancouver, Washington based manufacturer and distributor of specialty gardening supplies. Its product offering of over 5,000 different products includes everything needed for indoor, hydroponic, organic and greenhouse gardening.






























GrowGeneration – New Cannabis Ventures




























































 






































 









 



GrowGeneration















GrowGeneration Appoints Peter Rosenberg to its Board of Directors


Denver,Colo., July 19, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — GrowGeneration Corp. (OTCQB: GRWG), (“GrowGen” or the “Company”) one of the largest specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores in the Country, with …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					July 20, 2017 at 11:08 am




 









GrowGeneration Expands to Washington


GrowGeneration Acquires Assets of Seattle Hydro Spot; Opens Northwest Retail Distribution Center Accretive Acquisition Positions GrowGen in Fast-Growing Northwest Market; DENVER, May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GrowGen…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					May 23, 2017 at 8:18 am




 









GrowGeneration Appoints Monty R. Lamirato as Chief Financial Officer


DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / May 19, 2017 / GrowGeneration Corp. (OTCQB: GRWG) (“GrowGen” or the “Company”), one of the largest specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores, selling to …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					May 19, 2017 at 9:15 am




 









GrowGeneration Raises Additional $2mm, Selling Private Placement Units at $2.00


GrowGeneration Adds $2.0 Million in Growth Capital Expands Partnership with Merida Capital Partners in Private Placement with GVC Capital as Placement Agent DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / May 17, 2017 …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					May 17, 2017 at 9:08 am




 









GrowGeneration Q1 Sales Grow 68% as Company Continues to Project $15mm Revenue in 2017


GrowGeneration Reports Record First Quarter Revenue Q1 Revenue up 68% to $2.6 million; Same-store sales increase 18% Management Continues to Expect $15 Million in Revenue for 2017 DENVER, May 16, …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					May 16, 2017 at 8:36 am




 









GrowGeneration Extends Aggressive California Expansion with Inland Empire Location


GrowGeneration Opens 8,000 Square Foot Southern California Retail Distribution Center Broadens Presence in Southern California and Continues California Expansion Initiatives DENVER, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Gr…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					April 26, 2017 at 8:54 am




 









Grow Generation Projects $15mm Annual Sales, Enters Home Grower Market


GrowGeneration and Merida Capital Partners Expand Partnership to Aggressively Pursue Strategic Growth Opportunities DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / April 5, 2017 / GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG), (“GrowGen” or th…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					April 5, 2017 at 9:09 am




 









GrowGeneration Generates $8m Sales in 2016


GrowGeneration Achieves Record 2016 Sales, Up 130% DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG),  (“GrowGen” or the “Company”) one of the largest specialty retail hy…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					April 3, 2017 at 10:30 am




 









Merida Capital Invests Additional $1,650,000 in Ancillary Cannabis Company GrowGeneration


GrowGeneration Secures $1,650,000 in Capital From Merida Capital Partners to Continue to Fuel Growth (Marketwired – March 14, 2017) – GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG), GrowGeneration (“GrowGen” or…
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					March 14, 2017 at 10:13 am




 









GrowGeneration Expands Emerald Triangle Presence


GrowGeneration Acquires All the Assets of Sonoma Hydro Creating a $2.5 Million Northern California Retail Distribution Center DENVER, CO–(Marketwired – February 15, 2017) – GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GR…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					February 15, 2017 at 10:15 am




 









GrowGeneration Expanding in Colorado with Second Hydroponic Store in Denver


GrowGeneration Signs Lease for 13,000 Sq. Ft. Denver South Retail Distribution Center, Continues its Colorado Expansion Plan DENVER, CO–(Marketwired – February 01, 2017) – GrowGeneration Corp. (otcqb:GR…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					February 1, 2017 at 12:49 pm




 









Hydroponics Retailer GrowGeneration Opens Las Vegas Store


GrowGeneration Officially Opens its 11th Store in Las Vegas and is added to MJIC’s Marijuana Index DENVER, January 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG), GrowGeneration (“GrowGen̶…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					January 20, 2017 at 8:29 am




 









GrowGeneration to Provide Ancillary Cannabis Sales Data for Industry Research Report


GrowGeneration and New Frontier Data Join Forces to Analyze Marijuana’s Ancillary Markets DENVER, CO–(Marketwired – January 17, 2017) – GrowGeneration Corp. (“GrowGen” or the “Co…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration

					 - 
					January 17, 2017 at 11:31 am




 









GrowGeneration Hires Way To Grow Inventory Manager Joseph Prinzivalli


GrowGeneration Hires Veteran Inventory Controller Joseph Prinzivalli DENVER, January 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GrowGeneration Corp. (OTCQB: GRWG), GrowGeneration (“GrowGen” or the “Company”) on…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					January 3, 2017 at 10:57 am




 









GrowGeneration Expands to Nevada to Capitalize on Cannabis Legalization


GrowGeneration Opens 10,000 Sq. Ft. Nevada Retail Distribution Center, Continues its West Region Expansion Plan Denver, CO. November 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG), GrowGeneration (“GrowGe…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					November 21, 2016 at 3:58 pm




 









GrowGeneration Q3 sales Jump 135% on Continued Colorado and California Penetration


GrowGeneration Achieves Record Third Quarter And Nine Month Financial Results; Third Quarter Revenues Jump 135% DENVER, CO, Nov . 14, 2016 /CNW/ – GrowGeneration Corp. (OTC: GRWG), GrowGeneration (“GrowGen…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, GrowGeneration, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					November 14, 2016 at 3:41 pm




 


Subscribe The best cannabis industry news sent to your inbox every Sunday


GO


Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Links
Canada’s premier cannabis lifestyle brand and licensed producer
The “Keurig of Cannabis”
Vertically Integrated, Multi-state Cannabis Operations
Providing Cannabis Companies with Capital and Operational Expertise
Cannabis Consumer Marketplace & Healthcare Platform
A Leading Vertically Integrated Global Cannabis Company
High Quality Lighting Designed for Commercial-grade Horticulture
Large-Scale Wholesale Cannabis Supplier with International Medical Brand
Quality Organic Standardized Medicinal Cannabis
Cannabis Industry Compliant Packaging Solutions
Canadian Medical Marijuana Producer
A World Leading Diversified Cannabis Company
Canadian Cannabinoid Production and Marijuana Education
California Medical Cannabis Production & Extraction Company
Hydroponic & Organic Retail Stores
Pharma Grade Organic Cannabis Product
Turnkey Cannabis Cultivation and Processing

 










© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 


 




GrowGeneration































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu









_





_





_





_






Join the Commercial Grower Community
Sign Up
Log In





GrowGeneration ProServices







GrowGeneration is the industry leader in commercial sales and large-scale grow design. How do we do it? Our professional staff offers assistance every step of the way.
The following services are available when purchasing at a commercial level:

Dedicated Account Manager
CAD Services
Free Shipping
Expedited Returns
Warranty Repairs
Financing
Online Account Access
Commercial Product Knowledge
Business Consulting
Private Shopping Experience



5 Steps To Success

Learn More










Harvesting









Soils & Mediums









Containers & Trays









Pest & Disease Control









Nutrients & Additives









Hydroponics









Grow Lights









Fans & Ventilation









Cloning & Propagation







Featured Brands

















































Find Us At...



Lohi Music Fest and Cervantes
Saturday, Jul 15th, 1AM-10AM • 2219 W 32nd Ave, Denver, CO







Join the Commercial Grower Community


Sign up for a Commercial Account






Locate a GrowGeneration Center Near You




SEATTLE | WASHINGTON

              917 NW 49th St • Seattle, WA
            




LAS VEGAS | NEVADA

              5885 South Valley View Blvd • Las Vegas, NV
            




SAN BERNARDINO | CALIFORNIA

              453 South I St • San Bernardino, CA
            




SANTA ROSA | CALIFORNIA

              3535 Industrial Dr • Santa Rosa, CA
            




TRINIDAD | COLORADO

              2012 Freedom Rd, #65 • Trinidad, CO
            




CAÑON CITY | COLORADO

              1811 Fremont Dr • Cañon City, CO
            




PUEBLO WEST | COLORADO

              609 East Enterprise Dr, Suite 150 • Pueblo West, CO
            




PUEBLO DOWNTOWN | COLORADO

              113 West 4th St • Pueblo, CO
            




CONIFER | COLORADO

              26591 Main St • Conifer, CO
            




COLORADO SPRINGS | COLORADO

              310 South 8th Ave, Unit H • Colorado Springs, CO
            




CASTLE ROCK | COLORADO

              1011 Caprice Dr • Castle Rock, CO
            




DENVER SOUTH | COLORADO

              1000 West Mississppi Ave • Denver, CO
            




DENVER | COLORADO

              4731 Lipan St • Denver, CO
            
















GrowGeneration Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















growgeneration corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Distributors - Consumer Staples
Sub-Industry: Agricultural Products Whslrs
GrowGeneration Corp. distributes agricultural products. The Company offers plant nutrition, farming soils, crops, and other products. GrowGeneration markets its products worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

609 East Enterprise Drive
Suite 150
Pueblo West, CO 81007
United States


Phone:
1-800-935-8420


Fax:
1-719-204-3096


Web url:
www.growgeneration.com





Board Members




President
Company


Michael Salaman
Skinny Nutritional Corp








Chief Executive Officer
Company


Darren Lampert
Growgeneration Corp








Board Members
Company
































From The Web












Press Releases




GrowGeneration Appoints Peter Rosenberg to its Board of Directors

Jul 19, 2017



GrowGeneration Acquires Assets of Seattle Hydro Spot; Opens Northwest Retail Distribution Center

May 23, 2017



GrowGeneration Reports Record First Quarter Revenue

May 16, 2017



GrowGeneration Opens 8,000 Square Foot Southern California Retail Distribution Center

Apr 26, 2017



GrowGeneration Achieves Record 2016 Sales, Up 130%

Apr 03, 2017



GrowGeneration Achieves Record 2016 Sales, Up 130%

Apr 03, 2017



GrowGeneration Secures $1,650,000 in Capital From Merida Capital Partners to Continue to Fuel Growth

Mar 14, 2017



GrowGeneration Secures $1,650,000 in Capital From Merida Capital  Partners to Continue to Fuel Growth

Mar 14, 2017






Key Executives


Darren Lampert


Chief Executive Officer




Michael J Salaman


President




Monty Lamirato


CFO/Secretary




Joe Prinzivalli


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































	Growgeneration Corp. (GRWG) Stock Message Board - InvestorsHub




























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Cannabis
            >
            
 Growgeneration Corp. (GRWG)



Add GRWG Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:





Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 10/11/2016 5:46:54 PM - 
                Followers:
                14
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







   GrowGeneration (GrowGen) owns and operates specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores that sell a vast array of products to professional and small growers via eight locations in Colorado and one location in California. GrowGen carries and sells thousands of products, including organic nutrients and soils, advanced lighting technology, state of the art hydroponic and aquaponic equipment to be used indoors and outdoors.   WE ARE THE GROW GENERATION And if you're here, you're part of it too. GrowGeneration is not your average grow store. Owned and operated BY professionals FOR professionals, "GrowGen" ensures that all your growing and gardening objectives and outcomes are bountifully met. GrowGen is your one-stop online and offline resource for professional growers, featuring:  What the pros shop: The latest and best products for all your professional growing needs—Organic Nutrients, Indoor Lighting, Hydroponics and more.   Where the pros go: Nine retail stores across Colorado and California staffed by expert GrowPros and a comprehensive, searchable online catalog for immediate purchase and shipment, guaranteeing a superior customer experience no matter how you prefer to shop.   How the pros grow: Pro advice and support for growers of all kinds and experience levels.  Join the GrowGeneration, or just check us out. GrowGeneration. Where the pros go to grow.  PRODUCTS Hobbyist Grow Room Specialist Grow Room Grow Pro Grow Room Greenhouse   	   Management Team   Darren Lampert | CEO & Co-Founder • Partner at Law Firm Lampert & Lampert (1987-2000). • Independent Portfolio Manager (2000-2014). • Holds a BS from Ithaca College and a JD from Bridgeport University School of Law. Michael Salaman | President & Co-Founder • CEO & President at Skinny Nutritional Corp. (2000-2014). • 25 years experience in consumer products, business development & brand marketing. • BBA from Temple University. Jason Dawson | COO • Founder and owner of Pueblo Hydroponics (2008-2014). • Head of International Sales for Gualala Robotics Inc. (2003-2008). • Extensive network developed over 15 years of experience in the gardening and hydroponic industries. • Oversees the company's purchasing and product selections.  ABOUT US  Our Mission Our Story Our Commitment Our Partners Corporate/Investors SEC Filings        DARREN LAMPERT CEO/CO-FOUNDER   MICHAEL SALAMAN PRESIDENT/CO-FOUNDER   JASON DAWSON COO        609 E Enterprise Dr. Suite 150 Pueblo West, CO 81007  Phone: 800-935-8420 (9AM-7PM MST) Fax: 719-204-3096 info@growgeneration.com   COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS Hobbyist Grow Room Specialist Grow Room Grow Pro Grow Room Greenhouse    ABOUT US  OUR MISSION OUR STORY CORPORATE/INVESTORS INFO OUR PARTNERS    GG COMMUNITY  GROWPRO LIFE GROWGEN EVENTS GROWGEN NEWS EMAIL A GROWPRO    	             XBRLFinancialWidget.com  BACK          Filling Date            Form Type Description                                         123  Page 1 of 3, items 1 to 13 of 28.          2016-10-05 8-K Current report, item 8.01 Acc-no: 0001213900-16-017281 (34 Act)  Size: 115 KB       2016-10-04 D Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities, item 06b Acc-no: 0001213900-16-017266 (33 Act)  Size: 11 KB       2016-08-22 EFFECT Notice of EffectivenessAcc-no: 9999999995-16-005479 (33 Act)  Size: 1 KB       2016-08-19 10-Q Quarterly report [Sections 13 or 15(d)]Acc-no: 0001213900-16-016228 (34 Act)  Size: 2 MB       2016-08-16 NT 10-Q Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-Q or 10-QSBAcc-no: 0001213900-16-016103 (34 Act)  Size: 19 KB       2016-08-15 POS AM Post-Effective amendments for registration statementAcc-no: 0001213900-16-016072 (33 Act)  Size: 1 MB       2016-07-27 8-K Current report, items 8.01 and 9.01 Acc-no: 0001213900-16-015278 (34 Act)  Size: 10 MB       2016-07-20 424B3 Prospectus [Rule 424(b)(3)]Acc-no: 0001213900-16-015112 (33 Act)  Size: 1 MB       2016-07-15 EFFECT Notice of EffectivenessAcc-no: 9999999995-16-005160 (33 Act)  Size: 1 KB       2016-07-13 CORRESP [Cover]CorrespondenceAcc-no: 0001213900-16-014937 Size: 16 KB       2016-07-12 CORRESP [Cover]CorrespondenceAcc-no: 0001213900-16-014909 Size: 15 KB       2016-07-12 S-1/A [Amend] General form for registration of securities under the Securities Act of 1933Acc-no: 0001213900-16-014907 (33 Act)  Size: 105 KB       2016-07-11 UPLOAD [Cover]SEC-generated letterAcc-no: 0000000000-16-083771 Size: 196 KB                     GRWG Security Details Share Structure      Market Value1 Not Available     Authorized Shares 100,000,000 a/o Jun 30, 2016     Outstanding Shares 10,053,548 a/o Aug 18, 2016     -Restricted Not Available     -Unrestricted Not Available     Held at DTC Not Available     Float Not Available             










            GRWG
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        







            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















GRWG Detailed Quote









1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y


















GRWG News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

07/19/2017 02:56:48 PM



GRWG News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

07/18/2017 04:41:05 PM



GRWG News: Securities Registration: Employee Benefit Plan (s-8)

07/10/2017 02:27:28 PM



GRWG News: Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (424b3)

06/19/2017 05:25:37 PM



GRWG News: Notice of Effectiveness (effect)

06/19/2017 06:01:43 AM










Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (5)


Hide Intro


View Posters


GRWG Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#51
                                 
                            
$GRWG GrowGeneration presents..LOHI Music Festival After Party July

1center
07/14/17 03:39:26 PM


#50
                                 
                            
$GRWG Growgeneration Corp. Q2 looking forward "April setting

1center
07/12/17 01:42:12 PM


#49
                                 
                            
Employee Benefit Plan (s-8) $GRWG GrowGeneration, Corp...

1center
07/10/17 03:20:50 PM


#48
                                 
                            
Agree..Some smart aggressive growth. GRWG

1center
06/19/17 01:10:07 PM


#47
                                 
                            
I like this company, very low float, fantastic

USAMade
06/19/17 08:27:56 AM


#46
                                 
                            
Long term play. No one here is actually

1990
06/13/17 03:42:15 PM


#45
                                 
                            
Ouch today!

RigorousGains
06/13/17 03:09:16 PM


#44
                                 
                            
$GRWG Growgeneration Investors Presentation June 2017...

1center
06/06/17 06:53:01 PM


#43
                                 
                            
$GRWG 2.20 GrowGeneration, Corp. Investors Fact sheet

1center
06/05/17 11:28:27 AM


#42
                                 
                            
small float, increasing revenue,solid business plan in a

vdb_123
06/04/17 12:24:14 PM


#41
                                 
                            
This is hidden gem in marijuana sector.

vdb_123
06/04/17 12:21:34 PM


#40
                                 
                            
$GRWG On March 6, 2017, GrowGeneration Corp. (the

1center
05/23/17 12:02:14 AM


#39
                                 
                            
GrowGeneration Backs 2017 Rev $15M $GRWG Dow Jones

1center
05/17/17 09:58:24 AM


#38
                                 
                            
GrowGeneration 1Q Same-Store Sales Up 18% $GRWG 

1center
05/16/17 11:17:14 AM


#37
                                 
                            
GrowGeneration Reports Record First Quarter Revenue

1center
05/16/17 10:01:00 AM


#36
                                 
                            
I've read what you have posted on the

1center
05/03/17 03:15:57 PM


#35
                                 
                            
Looks like Joseph Wade is involved with this

Sleepy2016
05/03/17 10:46:44 AM


#34
                                 
                            
Love this company. Extremely low float. Strong management.

1990
05/02/17 01:30:04 PM


#33
                                 
                            
Debating on jumping in ... don't know enough

brandao
05/01/17 07:19:59 PM


#32
                                 
                            
GRWG..GrowGeneration opening Store #13 San Bernardino, Calif. 

1center
04/27/17 09:05:14 AM


#31
                                 
                            
GRWG this stock remains low key and undiscovered.

1990
04/08/17 04:36:59 PM


#30
                                 
                            
DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / April 5, 2017

1center
04/05/17 01:33:27 PM


#29
                                 
                            
$GRWG Full-year revenues up 130% to $8.0 million 

1center
04/04/17 09:33:11 PM


#28
                                 
                            
GRWG anyone here? This stock is awesomeness me

1990
03/31/17 01:10:08 PM


#27
                                 
                            
Management are doing phenomenal things. Received funding today,

JayZee4
03/14/17 12:45:43 PM


#26
                                 
                            
CEO is going to crush this price!!

Backdraft4u
01/14/17 02:52:35 PM


#25
                                 
                            
GRWG Income Statement 

Helter Skelter
12/03/16 02:37:38 PM


#24
                                 
                            
Nice charts GRWG 2.70 way undervalued here. Check pinksheets.com

lukin4winners
11/28/16 03:26:22 PM


#23
                                 
                            
 $GRWG  6 Months Chart
 
http://www.stockscores.c

$Pistol Pete$
11/28/16 03:24:25 PM


#22
                                 
                            
Great news just out! Did some DD no

lukin4winners
11/28/16 03:11:29 PM


#21
                                 
                            
Wow! These guys are movers and shakers. No

Mistral
11/21/16 11:21:58 AM


#20
                                 
                            
$GRWG GrowGeneration Opens 10,000 Sq. Ft. Nevada Retail

Sobek
11/21/16 10:57:18 AM


#19
                                 
                            
Mod - Change board category to Cannabis? 

Mistral
11/20/16 03:48:48 PM


#18
                                 
                            
I suppose this is normal for a company

Mistral
11/20/16 03:41:51 PM


#17
                                 
                            
no volume...

zino
11/18/16 01:36:30 PM


#16
                                 
                            
Quit and holding, looking strong.

Sobek
11/18/16 01:28:23 PM


#15
                                 
                            
HOME DEPOT OF WEED !!!!

zino
11/16/16 09:21:34 AM


#14
                                 
                            
easy money boys

bfsingle
11/16/16 08:39:01 AM


#13
                                 
                            
HOME HARDWARE OF WEED !!!!

zino
11/15/16 02:44:40 PM


#12
                                 
                            
First shake done? Looks like its moving up again.

Sobek
11/15/16 02:02:45 PM


#11
                                 
                            
who the hell is selling? lets burn these

MOONSHOT
11/15/16 10:40:32 AM


#10
                                 
                            
As they expand more stores in more states

HokieHead
11/14/16 05:15:42 PM


#9
                                 
                            
great play starting here

MOONSHOT
11/14/16 02:31:54 PM


#8
                                 
                            
Profitable Quarter, impressive growth !!!!

zino
11/14/16 11:33:05 AM


#7
                                 
                            
Wow, with that growth rate and expanding business

HokieHead
11/14/16 10:18:15 AM


#6
                                 
                            
GrowGeneration Achieves Record Third Quarter And Nine Month

Mistral
11/14/16 10:05:53 AM


#5
                                 
                            
Yeah, that was an over the top impressive

Sobek
11/11/16 04:39:40 PM


#4
                                 
                            
Indeed, where did that come from...?? Was not

Big Brother
11/11/16 04:32:41 PM


#3
                                 
                            
Looks like the cats out of the bag.

Sobek
11/11/16 03:25:53 PM


#2
                                 
                            
Watching this new ticker, no volume as of

Big Brother
11/06/16 04:16:18 PM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (5)


Hide Intro


View Posters


GRWG Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled














            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        



























 


 




Find A GrowGeneration Grow Center And Supply Store Near You































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu





Store Locations






Locate a GrowGeneration Center Near You




SEATTLE | WASHINGTON

              917 NW 49th St • Seattle, WA
            




LAS VEGAS | NEVADA

              5885 South Valley View Blvd • Las Vegas, NV
            




SAN BERNARDINO | CALIFORNIA

              453 South I St • San Bernardino, CA
            




SANTA ROSA | CALIFORNIA

              3535 Industrial Dr • Santa Rosa, CA
            




TRINIDAD | COLORADO

              2012 Freedom Rd, #65 • Trinidad, CO
            




CAÑON CITY | COLORADO

              1811 Fremont Dr • Cañon City, CO
            




PUEBLO WEST | COLORADO

              609 East Enterprise Dr, Suite 150 • Pueblo West, CO
            




PUEBLO DOWNTOWN | COLORADO

              113 West 4th St • Pueblo, CO
            




CONIFER | COLORADO

              26591 Main St • Conifer, CO
            




COLORADO SPRINGS | COLORADO

              310 South 8th Ave, Unit H • Colorado Springs, CO
            




CASTLE ROCK | COLORADO

              1011 Caprice Dr • Castle Rock, CO
            




DENVER SOUTH | COLORADO

              1000 West Mississppi Ave • Denver, CO
            




DENVER | COLORADO

              4731 Lipan St • Denver, CO
            








Contact Us



Name



Email Address



Message



Email Address



Send message










 




Find A GrowGeneration Grow Center And Supply Store Near You































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu





Store Locations






Locate a GrowGeneration Center Near You




SEATTLE | WASHINGTON

              917 NW 49th St • Seattle, WA
            




LAS VEGAS | NEVADA

              5885 South Valley View Blvd • Las Vegas, NV
            




SAN BERNARDINO | CALIFORNIA

              453 South I St • San Bernardino, CA
            




SANTA ROSA | CALIFORNIA

              3535 Industrial Dr • Santa Rosa, CA
            




TRINIDAD | COLORADO

              2012 Freedom Rd, #65 • Trinidad, CO
            




CAÑON CITY | COLORADO

              1811 Fremont Dr • Cañon City, CO
            




PUEBLO WEST | COLORADO

              609 East Enterprise Dr, Suite 150 • Pueblo West, CO
            




PUEBLO DOWNTOWN | COLORADO

              113 West 4th St • Pueblo, CO
            




CONIFER | COLORADO

              26591 Main St • Conifer, CO
            




COLORADO SPRINGS | COLORADO

              310 South 8th Ave, Unit H • Colorado Springs, CO
            




CASTLE ROCK | COLORADO

              1011 Caprice Dr • Castle Rock, CO
            




DENVER SOUTH | COLORADO

              1000 West Mississppi Ave • Denver, CO
            




DENVER | COLORADO

              4731 Lipan St • Denver, CO
            








Contact Us



Name



Email Address



Message



Email Address



Send message










 




Find A GrowGeneration Grow Center And Supply Store Near You































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu





Store Locations






Locate a GrowGeneration Center Near You




SEATTLE | WASHINGTON

              917 NW 49th St • Seattle, WA
            




LAS VEGAS | NEVADA

              5885 South Valley View Blvd • Las Vegas, NV
            




SAN BERNARDINO | CALIFORNIA

              453 South I St • San Bernardino, CA
            




SANTA ROSA | CALIFORNIA

              3535 Industrial Dr • Santa Rosa, CA
            




TRINIDAD | COLORADO

              2012 Freedom Rd, #65 • Trinidad, CO
            




CAÑON CITY | COLORADO

              1811 Fremont Dr • Cañon City, CO
            




PUEBLO WEST | COLORADO

              609 East Enterprise Dr, Suite 150 • Pueblo West, CO
            




PUEBLO DOWNTOWN | COLORADO

              113 West 4th St • Pueblo, CO
            




CONIFER | COLORADO

              26591 Main St • Conifer, CO
            




COLORADO SPRINGS | COLORADO

              310 South 8th Ave, Unit H • Colorado Springs, CO
            




CASTLE ROCK | COLORADO

              1011 Caprice Dr • Castle Rock, CO
            




DENVER SOUTH | COLORADO

              1000 West Mississppi Ave • Denver, CO
            




DENVER | COLORADO

              4731 Lipan St • Denver, CO
            








Contact Us



Name



Email Address



Message



Email Address



Send message










 




Find A GrowGeneration Grow Center And Supply Store Near You































800-935-8420





                
                  Commercial Account Login
                
              
























Menu





Store Locations






Locate a GrowGeneration Center Near You




SEATTLE | WASHINGTON

              917 NW 49th St • Seattle, WA
            




LAS VEGAS | NEVADA

              5885 South Valley View Blvd • Las Vegas, NV
            




SAN BERNARDINO | CALIFORNIA

              453 South I St • San Bernardino, CA
            




SANTA ROSA | CALIFORNIA

              3535 Industrial Dr • Santa Rosa, CA
            




TRINIDAD | COLORADO

              2012 Freedom Rd, #65 • Trinidad, CO
            




CAÑON CITY | COLORADO

              1811 Fremont Dr • Cañon City, CO
            




PUEBLO WEST | COLORADO

              609 East Enterprise Dr, Suite 150 • Pueblo West, CO
            




PUEBLO DOWNTOWN | COLORADO

              113 West 4th St • Pueblo, CO
            




CONIFER | COLORADO

              26591 Main St • Conifer, CO
            




COLORADO SPRINGS | COLORADO

              310 South 8th Ave, Unit H • Colorado Springs, CO
            




CASTLE ROCK | COLORADO

              1011 Caprice Dr • Castle Rock, CO
            




DENVER SOUTH | COLORADO

              1000 West Mississppi Ave • Denver, CO
            




DENVER | COLORADO

              4731 Lipan St • Denver, CO
            








Contact Us



Name



Email Address



Message



Email Address



Send message





















GROWGENERATION CORP. IPO: News - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO News





GROWGENERATION CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
GROWGENERATION CORP.


Company Address
503 N. MAIN ST.SUITE 740PUEBLO, CO 81003


Company Phone
914-924-1235


Company Website
www.GrowGeneration.com


CEO
Darren Lampert


Employees  (as of 7/20/2016) 
36


State of Inc
CO


Fiscal Year End
 -- 


Status
Filed (11/9/2015)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.60


Shares Offered
8,011,430


Offer Amount
$4,806,858.00


Total Expenses
$70,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
8,011,430


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001604868




We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the common stock by the
selling stockholders named in this prospectus. All proceeds from the sale of the
common stock will be paid directly to the selling stockholders.

We would, however, receive proceeds upon the exercise of the warrants held by
the selling stockholders which, if such warrants are exercised in full would be
approximately $2,349,000. Proceeds, if any, received from the exercise of such
warrants will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. No
assurances can be given that any of such warrants will be exercised.


Our key competitors include many local and national vendors of gardening
supplies, local product resellers of hydroponic and other specialty growing
equipment, as well as online product resellers and large online marketplaces
such as Amazon.com and EBay. Our industry, generally referred to “Hydroponic
Gardening Stores” is a highly fragmented industry with over 1,000 retail outlets
throughout the U.S. Our competitive advantages, against these stores, are
primarily based upon pricing, inventory and product availability and overall
customer service. As we increase our number of stores and inventory per store,
we are able to purchase a large amount of inventory at a lower volume sale
price, and accordingly, we are able to price competitively and deliver the
products that our customers are seeking. We also believe, that the consistency
of a national brand and operating in multiple states, will give our customers
confidence to shop with us.

Based on our knowledge and communication with our suppliers, we do not believe
our suppliers sell directly to the retail market or our customers.


Company Description
GrowGeneration Corp.’s mission is to become one of the largest retail hydroponic
and organic specialty gardening retail outlets in the industry. Today,
GrowGeneration owns and operates a chain of 9 retail hydroponic/gardening
stores, with 8 located in the state of Colorado and 1 in the state


 of
California. Our plan is to open and operate hydroponic/gardening stores
throughout the United States.

Our existing GrowGeneration stores have grown. Our growth has been fueled by
frequent and higher dollar transactions from commercial growers, individual home
growers, and gardeners. We expect to continue to experience significant, albeit
lower percentage growth over the next few years, which will depend on our
ability to increase our capital. We expect future growth to come from existing
and new stores that we open or acquire. Our growth is likely to come from four
distinct channels-establishing new stores in high-value markets, acquiring
existing stores with strong customer bases and strong operating histories, the
development of a business to business sales team, and the creation of a branded
e-commerce portal at www.GrowGeneration.com.

Our stores sell thousands of products, such as organic nutrients and soils,
advanced lighting technology, state of the art hydroponic and aquaponic
equipment, and other products needed to grow indoors and outdoors. Our strategy
is to target two distinct verticals; namely i) professional growers, and ii)
smaller growers who require a local store to fulfill their daily and weekly
growing needs.
---

Our principal offices are located at 503 North Main St, Suite 740, Pueblo, CO
81003. Our telephone number: 800-935-8420. Our website: www.GrowGeneration.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$1,541,599


Net Income
-$78,844


Total Assets
$3,334,910






Total Liabilities
$852,048


Stockholders' Equity
$2,482,862




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



GROWGENERATION CORP.
424B3
1/25/2017
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
424B3
7/20/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
7/12/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
7/1/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
6/15/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
5/11/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1
11/9/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Connolly Grady & Cha, LLP


Company Counsel
Robinson and Cole LLP


Company Counsel
The  law firm of Andrew I. Telsey, P.C and Robinson & Cole, LLP


Transfer Agent
VStock


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































GROWGENERATION CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





GROWGENERATION CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
GROWGENERATION CORP.


Company Address
503 N. MAIN ST.SUITE 740PUEBLO, CO 81003


Company Phone
914-924-1235


Company Website
www.GrowGeneration.com


CEO
Darren Lampert


Employees  (as of 7/20/2016) 
36


State of Inc
CO


Fiscal Year End
 -- 


Status
Filed (11/9/2015)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.60


Shares Offered
8,011,430


Offer Amount
$4,806,858.00


Total Expenses
$70,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
8,011,430


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001604868




We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the common stock by the
selling stockholders named in this prospectus. All proceeds from the sale of the
common stock will be paid directly to the selling stockholders.

We would, however, receive proceeds upon the exercise of the warrants held by
the selling stockholders which, if such warrants are exercised in full would be
approximately $2,349,000. Proceeds, if any, received from the exercise of such
warrants will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. No
assurances can be given that any of such warrants will be exercised.


Our key competitors include many local and national vendors of gardening
supplies, local product resellers of hydroponic and other specialty growing
equipment, as well as online product resellers and large online marketplaces
such as Amazon.com and EBay. Our industry, generally referred to “Hydroponic
Gardening Stores” is a highly fragmented industry with over 1,000 retail outlets
throughout the U.S. Our competitive advantages, against these stores, are
primarily based upon pricing, inventory and product availability and overall
customer service. As we increase our number of stores and inventory per store,
we are able to purchase a large amount of inventory at a lower volume sale
price, and accordingly, we are able to price competitively and deliver the
products that our customers are seeking. We also believe, that the consistency
of a national brand and operating in multiple states, will give our customers
confidence to shop with us.

Based on our knowledge and communication with our suppliers, we do not believe
our suppliers sell directly to the retail market or our customers.


Company Description
GrowGeneration Corp.’s mission is to become one of the largest retail hydroponic
and organic specialty gardening retail outlets in the industry. Today,
GrowGeneration owns and operates a chain of 9 retail hydroponic/gardening
stores, with 8 located in the state of Colorado and 1 in the state


 of
California. Our plan is to open and operate hydroponic/gardening stores
throughout the United States.

Our existing GrowGeneration stores have grown. Our growth has been fueled by
frequent and higher dollar transactions from commercial growers, individual home
growers, and gardeners. We expect to continue to experience significant, albeit
lower percentage growth over the next few years, which will depend on our
ability to increase our capital. We expect future growth to come from existing
and new stores that we open or acquire. Our growth is likely to come from four
distinct channels-establishing new stores in high-value markets, acquiring
existing stores with strong customer bases and strong operating histories, the
development of a business to business sales team, and the creation of a branded
e-commerce portal at www.GrowGeneration.com.

Our stores sell thousands of products, such as organic nutrients and soils,
advanced lighting technology, state of the art hydroponic and aquaponic
equipment, and other products needed to grow indoors and outdoors. Our strategy
is to target two distinct verticals; namely i) professional growers, and ii)
smaller growers who require a local store to fulfill their daily and weekly
growing needs.
---

Our principal offices are located at 503 North Main St, Suite 740, Pueblo, CO
81003. Our telephone number: 800-935-8420. Our website: www.GrowGeneration.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$1,541,599


Net Income
-$78,844


Total Assets
$3,334,910






Total Liabilities
$852,048


Stockholders' Equity
$2,482,862




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



GROWGENERATION CORP.
424B3
1/25/2017
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
424B3
7/20/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
7/12/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
7/1/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
6/15/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1/A
5/11/2016
Filing



GROWGENERATION CORP.
S-1
11/9/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Connolly Grady & Cha, LLP


Company Counsel
Robinson and Cole LLP


Company Counsel
The  law firm of Andrew I. Telsey, P.C and Robinson & Cole, LLP


Transfer Agent
VStock


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































