




GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC - REITS and Finance- Carper  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    18 Broad Street, Suite 300  
    Charleston, SC, 29401Phone: 843-579-9400 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-02


New


$125,000


$125,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Josh Carper 
 Executive 


 Wes Fuller 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Fuller  Wes - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Fuller  Wes
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Fuller  Wes. Find out Fuller  Wes address and contact details. View other people related to Fuller  Wes - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

18 Broad Street, Suite 300  Charleston 29401 SC




Companies related to Fuller  Wes
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001584775Greystar Equity Partners VIII, L.P.18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 294010001662660Greystar Equity Partners IX, L.P.18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 294010001689022GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 294010001689025GS Chelsea Owner REIT, LLC18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 294010001689091Greystar Equity Partners IX REIT, LLC18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 294010001689101GS 247 N7th Williamsburg Owner REIT, LLC18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 29401




Fuller  Wes on the Web
Persons related to Fuller  Wes - Greystar Equity Partners VIII, L.P.NamePositionCityRamsey  J.CharlestonFaith  RobertCharlestonFuller  WesCharlestonMaddux  WilliamCharlestonPersons related to Fuller  Wes - Greystar Equity Partners IX, L.P.NamePositionCityN/A  Greystar Multifamily GP IX, LLCCharlestonRamsey  J.CharlestonFaith  RobertCharlestonFuller  WesCharlestonMaddux  WilliamCharlestonPersons related to Fuller  Wes - GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLCNamePositionCityCarper  JoshCHARLESTONFuller  WesCharlestonPersons related to Fuller  Wes - GS Chelsea Owner REIT, LLCNamePositionCityCarper  JoshCHARLESTONFuller  WesCharlestonPersons related to Fuller  Wes - Greystar Equity Partners IX REIT, LLCNamePositionCityCarper  JoshCHARLESTONFuller  WesCharlestonPersons related to Fuller  Wes - GS 247 N7th Williamsburg Owner REIT, LLCNamePositionCityCarper  JoshCHARLESTONFuller  WesCharleston
Potentially same personNameCityCountryFuller  WesCharlestonSCFuller  WesCharlestonSCFuller  WesCharlestonSCFuller  WesBrooklynNY




Other people with surname FullerFuller  Mackenzie, FULLER  GLEN, Fuller  H., Fuller  Russell, Fuller  Russell, Fuller  Russell, FULLER  GLEN, Fuller  R, Fuller  David, Fuller  Daniel, Fuller  Max, Fuller  Earl, Fuller  Dale, FULLER  MARCUS, FULLER  JULIE, Fuller  Walter, Fuller  Lisa, Fuller  Forrest, Fuller  Adrian, Fuller  Earl, Fuller  Nancy, FULLER  MICHAEL, Fuller  Peter, Fuller  Wade, Fuller  Thomas, Fuller  James, Fuller  Lisa, Fuller  Robert, Fuller  Edward, Fuller  Greg, Fuller  Samuel, Fuller  Glenn, Fuller  Glenn, Fuller  Lynn, Fuller  Michael, Fuller  Lynn, Fuller  Peter, Fuller  H., Fuller  Marce, Fuller  David, Fuller  Sandra, Fuller  Michael, Fuller  Christopher, Fuller  David, Fuller  Sondra, Fuller  Brian, Fuller  Russell, Fuller  Christopher








 








GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC  Funding details


GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC Industry: REITS and FinanceCIK Number: 0001689022IRS Number: 352553593Address: 18 BROAD STREET, SUITE 300  CHARLESTON 29401Phone number: 843-579-9400



Latest news
GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC raised $125,000 from 125 investors on 2016-11-02.



GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-02New Form D$125,000$125,0000$1,00012506b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC raised $125,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC
Key People in GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC:

Josh CarperWes Fuller
Similar companiesGSI Absolute Return Fund L.P., GS GAMMA INVESTMENTS LLC, GS Gamma Investments Ltd, GS Global Equity Long Short ASP Fund, a Series of Alternative Strategies Platform LLC, GS Global Equity Long Short Institutional ASP Fund, a Series of Alternative Strategies Platform, LLC, GST Autoleather Matsuzaka L.P., GST Autoleather Top Finco L.P., GST AUTOLEATHER HOLDINGS LP, GS TACS OPTION ADJUSTED ACTIVE CONTINUOUS (US LARGE CAP) LLC, GSREA AAA CMBS I, LLC, GS MOUNT KELLETT CAPITAL PARTNERS ACCESS FUND LP, GSH HOLDINGS INC








Last visited companies: Beach Point Distressed Offshore Fund Ltd., Beach Point Dynamic Income Fund LP, Beach Point Dynamic Income Offshore Fund Ltd., Beach Point Select Fund LP, Beach Point Select Offshore Fund Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















GS Avana Holdco REIT LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























gs avana holdco reit llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
GS Avana Holdco REIT, LLC operates as a real estate investment trust. The Company owns and develops real estate properties. GS Avana Holdco REIT serves customer in the State of South Carolina.




Corporate Information
Address:

18 Broad Street
Suite 300
Charleston, SC 29401
United States


Phone:
1-843-579-9400


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC











Company number M14000007804
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 472088843
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/28/2014
        

Principal Address
            18 BROAD STREET, 3RD FLOOR, CHARLESTON, 29401
            


Mailing Address 18 BROAD STREET, 3RD FLOOR, CHARLESTON, SC, 29401
        
GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC Fictitious Names

Active
AVANA CYPRESS CREEK

GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC Principals

M, B, R
                Greystar Equity Partners Viii Reit Llc
                 


Address
                18 BROAD STREET, 3RD FLOOR, CHARLESTON, SC, 29401
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name C T CORPORATION SYSTEM (c)
        

Agent Address
                1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324
                

Description
GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC has been set up 10/28/2014 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The GS NORTH LAUDERDALE, LLC principal adress is 18 BROAD STREET, 3RD FLOOR, CHARLESTON, 29401. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 18 BROAD STREET, 3RD FLOOR, CHARLESTON, SC, 29401. 
The company`s registered agent is C T CORPORATION SYSTEM 1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324.  
The company`s management are M, B, R - Greystar Equity Partners Viii Reit Llc.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
G. S. NORTH, LTD.
GSN PARTNERS "LLC",
GSNP CORPORATION
GSNP FLORIDA LLC
GSNP HOTELS
GSNP,LLC













HCOM Stock Quote - Hawaiian Telcom Holdco Inc.
























































What We Offer

Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs



Why Motif


Who We Are

About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers



Resources

Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ









Log In
Open Account



Log In
Open Account

















                    Hawaiian Telcom Holdco Inc. - HCOM (NASDAQ-GS) 


                        29.29                                            

0.02 (0.07%) 


	                	                Quotes delayed 15 mins. Currently July 28, 2017 6:42:43 PM   
                


Sign Up To Buy This Stock
By signing up, you can buy this stock for just $4.95 or purchase it within a Motif


Hawaiian provides wireless as well as wireline services for voice and data applications



Key Financials

Day Range:29.14 - 29.45
52 Week Range:20.10 - 29.73
Open:29.22
Shares:11.59M
Market Cap:339.41M
EPS:-0.07
P/E Ratio:--
Div Yield:-- 


                    Performance
                


Previous close


No Chart Available





Purchase HCOM in a Motif

                A motif is an intelligently weighted basket of up to 30 stocks and ETFs built around themes and investing styles.
                
                On our platform, you can buy shares of HCOM not only as a single stock, but also as part of a motif.
            




Community Motifs with HCOM




Motif Hawaii
10.1% 1 YR RTN






Hawaii
-- 1 YR RTN






Hawaii Profits in Paradise
-- 1 YR RTN






PPA: Blue Hawaii
-- 1 YR RTN


View all community motifs with HCOM






What Others Think About HCOM







Daily Mail Times
@dailymailtimes • Jul 27

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. $HCOM  Upgraded at BidaskClub ift.tt/2h6Fcsq 



















Stock News Now
@StockNewsNow • Jul 25

$HCOM  Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 stocknewsnow.com/companynews/74… 



















Stockboard Media Inc
@stockboardinc • Jul 25

$HCOM  Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017... - sbml.co/bacfc8a0 



















$Stocknewsalerts
@Allstocknews • Jul 25

$HCOM  Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017From our Stock News Alerts App



















GNWLive
@GNWLive • Jul 25

Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 $HCOM bit.ly/2uU8sbA 



















ProVesting
@ProVesting • Jul 25

$HCOM :Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call …:StockNewsWires.com/hcom-hawaiian-… 



















GNWLive
@GNWLive • Jul 25

Hawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 $HCOM bit.ly/2uU8sbA 



















Margin Hunt
@MarginHunt • Jul 24

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco $HCOM  trading at a 6% discount to Fair Value before earnings next Monday… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 




















Sleek Money
@SleekMoneycom • Jul 24

Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 7,500 Shares of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. $HCOM ift.tt/2tTjBFd 



















CNBCTraders
@CNBCTradersFan • Jul 21

RT SeekingAlpha "Dump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible Acquisitions seekingalpha.com/article/408903… $CBB $HCOM "



















Tech Stocks
@SAlphaTech • Jul 21

Dump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible Acquisitions seekingalpha.com/article/408903… $CBB $HCOM 



















Seeking Alpha
@SeekingAlpha • Jul 21

Dump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible Acquisitions seekingalpha.com/article/408903… $CBB $HCOM 



















Stockboard Media Inc
@stockboardinc • Jul 19

$HCOM  The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of an Investigation of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc... - sbml.co/e3b7e95c 



















ProTradersNews
@ProTradersNews • Jul 19

$HCOM $CBB :The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of an …:StockNewsWires.com/hcom-cbb-the-l… 














See more tweets




News About HCOM

First Hawaiian's (FHB) CEO Robert Harrison on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Seeking Alpha (Thu, Jul 27)


Party City Acquires Print Appeal
PR Newswire (Thu, Jul 27)


Hawaiian Holdings beats by $0.06, misses on revenue
Seeking Alpha (Tue, Jul 25)


Hawaiian Holdings Reports 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results
PR Newswire (Tue, Jul 25)


Hawaiian Unveils Three New Year-Round West Coast Routes, Begins Sales for A321neo Flights
PR Newswire (Mon, Jul 24)


InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Advanced Micro Devices, Hawaiian Holdings, Halliburton, Hasbro and WebMD
PR Newswire (Mon, Jul 24)






Related Companies Within The Diversified Communication Services Sector




NTT DOCOMO Inc - 23.23
DCM






American Tower Corp. - 138.34
AMT






Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) - 100.58
CCI






PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia Tbk. ADS - 35.06
TLK






Telecom Italia S.P.A. New - 10.13
TI

























1-855-586-6843call
9am-6pm ET, Monday - Friday
service@motifinvesting.com
P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741





What We Offer
Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs





Why Motif





Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers




Resources
Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ
Pricing




Other Sites
Motif Advisor
Motif Capital







Motif Capital Management, Inc., is an SEC-registered investment adviser and a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Motif Investing, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member SIPC.
Member: FINRA | SIPC

Terms of Use
Business Continuity
Business Rule 606
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

© 2017 Motif Investing, Inc. All rights reserved. Build ID production.281




The Exchange Traded Funds prospectus contains its investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information you should read and consider carefully prior to making an investment decision.
        Please review the current prospectus, available from the Prospectus link on www.motifinvesting.com, by phone at 1-855-586-6843, or in writing at Motif Investing, Inc., P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA  95741.
ETFs have unique features that you should be aware of, which can include distribution of any gains, risks related to securities within the portfolio, and tax consequences. The data quoted herein represents past performance and is not indicative of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that your investment, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original value. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data provided.  Please review the prospectus or other research tools provided on this site for more recent information. Contact Motif Investing at 1-855-586-6843 to obtain the most recent month-end performance data.
The 30-Day SEC Yield reflects the dividends and interest earned during the past 30 days after the deduction of the ETF’s expenses.  The 30-day SEC Yield is an annual percentage rate based on the ETF's share price and is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share for the 30 days ended on the date of calculation by that day’s maximum share price.  The Distribution Yield is the trailing 12-Month End Yield derived by adding the trailing 12-month's income distributions and dividing the total by the last month's ending share price. Income refers to interest payments from fixed-income ETFs and dividend payments from stock-based ETFs.
The ETF prospectus is provided by DFS (http://www.rrdonnelley.com/financial-services/). The use of this prospectus is restricted solely to the website of Motif Investing and may not be redistributed, copied or otherwise made available without the express written consent of DFS. Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online and the information providers herein make no claims concerning the validity of the information provided hereby and will not be held liable for any use of this information. The information provided herein may be displayed and printed for your internal use only and may not reproduced, retransmitted, distributed, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast or circulated to anyone without the express written consent of Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online.


Fixed income investments are subject to various unique risks, including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption,
    corporate events, tax ramifications, and other factors. Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.


The 1-Year Return/Return Since Inception indicates the performance of this particular motif over the last 12 months or, if the motif was created within the past 12 months, since the date the motif was created. See how we calculate returns.


The Motif Index level represents the performance of a benchmark motif (a motif in our catalog) over time. It is set at 
1000 on the date of inception of the motif. For example, a Motif Index of 1100 represents a 10% return since inception. Similarly, the change in the Index over a 
specified period represents the period return on the portfolio holding the same share weights as the benchmark motif.
The Motif Index is a measure created and maintained by the firm, which has the discretion to change the holdings that comprise the index and to make alterations to a particular Motif Index.


Popularity shows you how much interest a motif is attracting, compared to other motifs. We base this score on a proprietary formula that uses factors like how many people are viewing the motif, and how much conversation about it is happening in the community, in a range from Low-to-High.
The Volatility measurement for a Motif represents the annualized standard deviation of daily returns on a portfolio holding the same share weights as the Motif, and is measured in a range from Low to High. Since the standard deviation of returns are commonly used as a measure of portfolio risk, a Volatility measurement that is High is indicative of the fact that holding the motif in the past subjected the holder to larger fluctuations or higher risk.
The Valuation metric represents the present valuation of the stocks in the motif relative to the broader equity market. The Valuation metric is calculated as the composite Price-to-Earnings ratio for the stocks in the motif weighted by their respective share weights in a range from Low to High.


Standard pricing: $9.95 total commission per motif transaction. Other fees may apply. For details on fees and commissions, please   
    click here.

        Performance returns indicate the performance of a particular security over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    

        Performance returns, including 1-month Return/Return Since Inception/1-year returns indicates the performance of this particular motif over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    
System response time and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.
Time shown in Eastern Time unless otherwise specified.


The data contained herein from third party providers is obtained from what are considered reliable sources. However, it's accuracy, completeness, or reliability cannot be guaranteed. 


Investing in securities involves risks, you should be aware of prior to making an investment decision, including the possible loss of principal. An investment in individual stocks, or a collection of stocks
    focused on a particular theme or idea, such as a motif, may be subject to increased risk of price fluctuation over more diversified holdings due to adverse developments which can affect a particular industry or sector.
    Investments in ETFs can include those with a narrow or targeted investment strategy and can be subject to similar sector risks than more broadly diversified investments.
    Motif makes no representation regarding the suitability of a particular investment or investment strategy.  You are responsible for all investment decisions you make including understanding the risks involved with your
    investment strategy.   


Please refer to your personal Motif Social Network privacy settings to verify they are current according to your personal requirements. You are responsible
     for establishing your privacy settings according to your unique needs and ensuring they remain current, accurate, and based on your individual and self-directed
     instructions. You should refer to the Terms of Use for further information regarding your authorized use of the Motif Social Network, available on the Support
     page.
Any opinions, comments and recommendations in the Motif Investing Network ("Network") are generated by its members and do not represent the opinions, 
    comments or recommendations of Motif or any of its Associates. The content is intended for educational and informational purposes only and it should 
    not be construed as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by Motif. Motif is not
    responsible for and does not guarantee the accuracy, currency, completeness or usefulness of information, commentary, recommendations, advice, investment
    ideas or other materials generated within Motif's Network by customers and users participating with Social Groups. The content within the Motif Network is
    not personalized or tailored in any way to a user or customer's financial circumstances, investment objectives, risk tolerance or time horizon and the
    securities and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for participants. Any performance data displayed has not been verified and is not an
    indication of future results. All investments are subject to risk. Content presented in the Motif Network is subject to edit or removal without notice.


While certain companies may have consistently paid dividends in the past, there can be no assurance or guarantee that they will be able to continue paying dividends in the future.


International investments involve additional risks you should be aware of, which include differences in financial accounting standards,
    currency fluctuations, political instability, foreign taxes and regulations, news that can trigger volatile conditions, and the potential 
    for illiquid markets. Small cap companies in these markets may react with greater volatility in reaction to activities in those markets.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Hawaiian Telcom Holdco (Nasdaq:HCOM) - Fundamentals Analysis



































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















Hawaiian Telcom Holdco
Nasdaq:HCOM












Snowflake Description
Imperfect balance sheet and overvalued. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









HCOM
Nasdaq
$339M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Integrated Telecommunication Services
Company description
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. provides communications services and products to residential and business customers in Hawaii. More info.

Find similar companies 


 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING!Hawaiian Telcom Holdco is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History







HCOM















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors












Charter Communications

NasdaqGS:CHTR
 Add
Compare














Cogent Communications Holdings

NasdaqGS:CCOI
 Add
Compare














SBA Communications

NasdaqGS:SBAC
 Add
Compare














Vonage Holdings

NYSE:VG
 Add
Compare














General Communication

NasdaqGS:GNCM.A
 Add
Compare














Frontier Communications

NasdaqGS:FTR
 Add
Compare




















Value
 Is Hawaiian Telcom Holdco undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 


Here we compare the current
share price of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco to its discounted cash flow value.
The discounted cash flow value is simply looking at what the company is worth today, based on estimates of how much money it is expected to make in the future.



 How is this discounted cash flow calculated?
 The current share price of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco is above its future cash flow value. 
Often investors are willing to pay a premium for a company that has a high dividend or the potential for future growth.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


No earnings or negative earnings.

No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on expected Growth
Does Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's assets?


Good value based on assets compared to the Telecom industry average.







X
Value checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Telecom industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Telecom industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 1/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (-551.08%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Free cash flow to Equity)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for Hawaiian Telcom Holdco is arrived at by discounting future cash flows to their present value. We use analyst's estimates of cash flows going forward 5 years.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.
5 year cash flow forecast



2017
2018
2019
2020
2021


Levered FCF (USD, Millions)
$3.72
$19.72
$19.79
$19.85
$19.92


Source
Analyst x1
Analyst x2
Extrapolated @ (0.32%)
Extrapolated @ (0.32%)
Extrapolated @ (0.32%)


Present ValueDiscounted (@ 8.5%)
$3.43
$16.77
$15.51
$14.34
$13.27


Present value of next 5 years cash flows:$63
Terminal Value
Terminal Value = FCF2021 × (1 + g) ÷ (Discount Rate – g)
Terminal Value = $20 × (1 + 2.3%) ÷ (8.47% – 2.3%)
Terminal value based on the Perpetuity Method where growth (g) = 2.3%:
$332
Present value of terminal value:$221
Equity Value
Equity Value (Total value) = Present value of next 5 years cash flows + terminal value
Value = Total value / Shares Outstanding ($285 / 12)
Value per share: $24.56
Current discount (share price of $29.27): -19%

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 8.47% = 2.33% + (0.8 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered Beta is the Unlevered Beta adjusted for financial leverage. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Levered Beta = Unlevered beta (1 + (1- tax rate) (Debt/Equity))
0.758 = 0.473 (1 + (1- 30%) (86.14%))
Levered Beta used in calculation = 0.8

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is Hawaiian Telcom Holdco expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 2 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!



-551%
Expected earnings growth over 1 year.



Future Earnings growth analysis 
Is Hawaiian Telcom Holdco expected to grow at an attractive rate? We look at the 1 year and 3 year growth below.
Are Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's annual earnings growth expected to exceed 3.4% over the next 3 years?

Earnings are expected to decrease over the next year.
+ 3 year earnings data not available.




1 & 3 year estimated growth in earnings




Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has Hawaiian Telcom Holdco performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's growth in the last year to its industry (Telecom).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
 Hawaiian Telcom Holdco does not currently make a profit.



Profit History
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco performed worse than the Telecom industry average based on return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Telecom industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's financial health and their level of debt?

A company's financial position is much like your own financial position, it includes everything you own (assets) and owe (liabilities).

The boxes below represent the relative size of what makes up Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's finances.

The net worth of a company is the difference between its assets and liabilities.



Net Worth 





Hawaiian Telcom Holdco short term (1 year) commitments are greater than its holdings of cash and other short term assets.

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's long term commitments exceed its cash and other short term assets.


Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.


High level of stock/ inventory/ unsold assets.

Total debt is not covered by total short term assets.





Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


The level of debt (92%) compared to net worth is high (greater 40%).

The level of debt compared to net worth has been reduced over the past 5 years (174% vs 92% today).

Total debt is well covered by annual operating cash flow (greater than 20% of total debt).

Interest on debt is not strongly covered (ideally 3x) by earnings (EBIT is 1.2x annual interest expense).





X
Financial health checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's financial health by checking for:

Are short term assets greater than short term liabilities? (1 check)
Are short term assets greater than long term liabilities? (1 check)
Has the debt to equity ratio increased in the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the debt to equity ratio over 40%? (1 check)
Is the debt covered by short term assets? (1 check)
Are earnings greater than 5x the interest on debt (if comapany pays interest at all)? (1 check)
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.

Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.


Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from Hawaiian Telcom Holdco dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's dividend by checking for:

Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can Hawaiian Telcom Holdco afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.

Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Scott Barber

COMPENSATION$1,397,172
AGE56




CEO Bio

Mr. Scott K. Barber serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. Mr. Barber has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. since June 22, 2015 and served its Chief Operating Officer January 14, 2013. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of SureWest Communications since April 15, 2011 and as its Vice President March 2008. He served as General Manager of California Operations at SureWest Communications since March 2008. He served as a Vice President of Network Operations of SureWest Telephone and its parent company, SureWest Communications since 2003. He began his career at SureWest Communications, when he was hired as an Engineer in 1994. He served as Outside Plant Engineering Manager of SureWest. He has been a Director of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. since May 2015. Since 1997, he served as Director of Outside Plant at SureWest. Since 2000, he served as an Executive Director of Network Operations at SureWest with responsibilities over network, outside plant, engineering and warehouse. He is actively involved in the build out of SureWest Broadband network in Sacramento and was responsible for the technical staff of SureWest Internet. He leads a team of over 250. employees and approximately 500 contractors. He has over twenty years of experience in the industry, starting his career at Kerman Telephone Company in 1982. He also spent many hours as a Community Leader, serves as Kerman Mayor, City Councilperson, Planning Commissioner and President of the Chamber of Commerce. He serves on the Rocklin Planning Commission, Chairman of the California Telephone Association (CTA) Training Committee and was appointed to the United States Telecom Association (USTA) National Security Policy Committee. Mr. Barber earned his Bachelor's Degree in Finance from Regis University.


CEO Compensation 

CEO's compensation has been consistent with company performance over the past year.

CEO's compensation is higher than average for a company of this size and profit level.



Management Team


Scott Barber
TITLEChief Executive Officer
COMPENSATION$1,397,172
AGE56



Dan Bessey
TITLEChief Financial Officer
COMPENSATION$818,148
AGE52



Kevin Paul
TITLESenior Vice President of Technology
COMPENSATION$549,164
AGE61



John Komeiji
TITLEChief Administrative Officer
COMPENSATION$771,268
AGE63



Sunshine Topping
TITLEVice President of Human Resources
AGE46



Sean Clark
TITLESecretary




Board of Directors Tenure
Average tenure of the Hawaiian Telcom Holdco board of directors:


5.4 years

The tenure for the Hawaiian Telcom Holdco board of directors is about average.

Board of Directors


Dick Jalkut
TITLEChairman
COMPENSATION$220,640
AGE73



Scott Barber
TITLEChief Executive Officer
COMPENSATION$1,397,172
AGE56



Walter Dods
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$153,253
AGE75



Kurt Cellar
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$155,849
AGE47



Steve Oldham
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$166,388
AGE66



Eric Yeaman
TITLEDirector
COMPENSATION$136,753
AGE49






Recent Insider Trading 

No insider transactions in the past 3 months.


Show me more companies with insider buying in the Diversified Telecommunication Services industry 




Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
We assess Hawaiian Telcom Holdco's management by checking for:

Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than 0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.

Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. provides communications services and products to residential and business customers in Hawaii. The company operates through two segments, Telecommunications and Data Center Services. The Telecommunications segment provides local telephone services, including voice and data transport, custom calling features, network access, directory assistance, and private lines; and high-speed Internet, long distance, television, Internet protocol-based network, managed, billing and collection, wireless, and pay telephone services, as well as customer premises equipment and data solutions. As of December 31, 2016, this segment served approximately 296,000 voice access lines, 19,000 business Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) lines, 111,000 high-speed Internet lines, and 42,000 video subscribers. The Data Center Services segment offers data center services, including colocation and virtual private cloud services. The company has operations in the islands of Oahu, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai, Molokai, and Lanai. Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.


Details

Name:Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
Ticker:HCOM
Exchange:NasdaqGS
Founded:1883
Market Cap:$339 million
Website:http://www.hawaiiantel.com

Listings




Map




1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, 96813, United States






Number of employees



Street





Current staff


1,290
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco employees.



Industry



Industry:Integrated Telecommunication Services
Sector:Telecommunication Services










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy





Related Companies


Manx Telecom (AIM:MANX)


Macquarie Telecom Group (ASX:MAQ)


Ooma (NYSE:OOMA)


Alaska Communications Systems Group (NasdaqGS:ALSK)


Internet Gold- Golden Lines (NasdaqGS:IGLD)


AdEPT Telecom (AIM:ADT)


Otelco (NasdaqCM:OTEL)


Inabox Group (ASX:IAB)


Tellza Communications (TSX:TEL)


Pareteum (AMEX:TEUM)






Related Industries


Diversified Telecommunication Services


Wireless Telecommunication Services







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P. S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information. S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 




MSCI Real Estate Bull & Bear 3X ETF | DRN DRV | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
DRN


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRN.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459W755


ISIN
US25459W7552


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.13 / 1.09*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009




FUND SYMBOL
DRV


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRV.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459Y363


ISIN
US25459Y3633


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.54 / 1.10*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%, or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the performance of the MSCI US REIT Index. There is no guarantee the funds will meet their stated investment objective.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 DRN DRV Fact Sheet ETF Guide DRN Prospectus DRV Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download DRN Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download DRV Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

DRN 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/28/2017    Shares Outstanding: 3,100,000.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,951,138.57
1.00
6,951,138.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
7,391,945.87
1.00
7,391,945.87


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
14,349,482.52
1.00
14,349,482.52


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
2,000,000.00
1.00
2,000,000.00


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.01
1.00
0.01


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
132,200.03
1.00
132,200.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
3,862,773.62
1.00
3,862,773.62


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
13,407.00
1,169.83
15,683,910.81


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
32,684.00
1,169.83
38,234,723.72


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
40,000.00
1,169.83
46,793,200.00


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
60,366.00
1,169.83
70,617,957.78


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
6,919.00
1,169.83
8,094,053.77


VNQ
VANGUARD REIT ETF
422,982.00
84.38
35,691,221.16





DRV 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/28/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,458,309.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,038,431.57
1.00
6,038,431.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
501,344.49
1.00
501,344.49


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,124,743.47
1.00
9,124,743.47


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
861,408.67
1.00
861,408.67


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-1,816.00
1,169.83
-2,124,411.28


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-33,880.00
1,169.83
-39,633,840.40


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-4,767.00
1,169.83
-5,576,579.61









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI US REIT Index (RMS G) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is comprised of equity real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, with the exception of specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Index represents approximately 99% of the U.S. REIT universe. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Simon Property Group Inc
6.13





Equinix Inc
3.91





Public Storage
3.85





Prologis Inc
3.68





Welltower Inc
3.21





AvalonBay Communities Inc
3.13





Ventas Inc
2.92





Equity Residential
2.86





Boston Properties Inc
2.24





Digital Realty Trust Inc
2.13








Index Sector Weightings %



Retail REITs
18.98





Specialized REITs
17.32





Residential REITs
16.63





Office REITs
13.26





Health Care REITs
12.98





Diversified REITs
7.51





Industrial REITs
6.96





Hotel & Resort REITs
6.36







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 27, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
DRN






Net asset value (NAV)


23.13
NAV $


0.07
Change $


0.30
Change %












market price closing


23.16
Market $


0.11
Change $


0.48
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.03
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
DRV






Net asset value (NAV)


10.82
NAV $


-0.03
Change $


-0.28
Change %












market price closing


10.82
Market $


-0.01
Change $


-0.09
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-







DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this



















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















MSCI Real Estate Bull & Bear 3X ETF | DRN DRV | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
DRN


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRN.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459W755


ISIN
US25459W7552


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.13 / 1.09*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009




FUND SYMBOL
DRV


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRV.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459Y363


ISIN
US25459Y3633


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.54 / 1.10*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%, or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the performance of the MSCI US REIT Index. There is no guarantee the funds will meet their stated investment objective.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 DRN DRV Fact Sheet ETF Guide DRN Prospectus DRV Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download DRN Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download DRV Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

DRN 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/28/2017    Shares Outstanding: 3,100,000.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,951,138.57
1.00
6,951,138.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
7,391,945.87
1.00
7,391,945.87


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
14,349,482.52
1.00
14,349,482.52


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
2,000,000.00
1.00
2,000,000.00


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.01
1.00
0.01


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
132,200.03
1.00
132,200.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
3,862,773.62
1.00
3,862,773.62


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
13,407.00
1,169.83
15,683,910.81


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
32,684.00
1,169.83
38,234,723.72


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
40,000.00
1,169.83
46,793,200.00


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
60,366.00
1,169.83
70,617,957.78


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
6,919.00
1,169.83
8,094,053.77


VNQ
VANGUARD REIT ETF
422,982.00
84.38
35,691,221.16





DRV 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/28/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,458,309.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,038,431.57
1.00
6,038,431.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
501,344.49
1.00
501,344.49


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,124,743.47
1.00
9,124,743.47


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
861,408.67
1.00
861,408.67


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-1,816.00
1,169.83
-2,124,411.28


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-33,880.00
1,169.83
-39,633,840.40


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-4,767.00
1,169.83
-5,576,579.61









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI US REIT Index (RMS G) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is comprised of equity real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, with the exception of specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Index represents approximately 99% of the U.S. REIT universe. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Simon Property Group Inc
6.13





Equinix Inc
3.91





Public Storage
3.85





Prologis Inc
3.68





Welltower Inc
3.21





AvalonBay Communities Inc
3.13





Ventas Inc
2.92





Equity Residential
2.86





Boston Properties Inc
2.24





Digital Realty Trust Inc
2.13








Index Sector Weightings %



Retail REITs
18.98





Specialized REITs
17.32





Residential REITs
16.63





Office REITs
13.26





Health Care REITs
12.98





Diversified REITs
7.51





Industrial REITs
6.96





Hotel & Resort REITs
6.36







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 27, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
DRN






Net asset value (NAV)


23.13
NAV $


0.07
Change $


0.30
Change %












market price closing


23.16
Market $


0.11
Change $


0.48
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.03
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
DRV






Net asset value (NAV)


10.82
NAV $


-0.03
Change $


-0.28
Change %












market price closing


10.82
Market $


-0.01
Change $


-0.09
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-







DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this
















