

GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog














Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014 GC20




GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20





      Loading...
    









Sample Contracts



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP One World Financial Center, New York, NY
10281 Tel +1 212 504 6000 Fax +1 212 504 6666 New York London Charlotte
Washington Houston Beijing Hong Kong Brussels
(April 15th, 2014)




GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and STARWOOD MORTGAGE FUNDING
I LLC, SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of April 1, 2014
(April 15th, 2014)
address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller's knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
Gs Mortgage Securities Corporation Ii,
(April 15th, 2014)
address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller's knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and MC-FIVE MILE COMMERCIAL
MORTGAGE FINANCE LLC, SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of April
1, 2014
(April 15th, 2014)
address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller's knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and REDWOOD COMMERCIAL
MORTGAGE CORPORATION, SELLER and REDWOOD TRUST, INC. MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE
AGREEMENT Dated as of April 1, 2014 Series 2014-Gc20
(April 15th, 2014)
address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller's knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS
REALTY CORP., SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of April 1, 2014
Series 2014-Gc20
(April 15th, 2014)
address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller's knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
Pooling and Servicing Agreement
(April 15th, 2014)
provided that no amendment pursuant to any of clauses (i)-(viii) above may be made that would (i) reduce the consent or consultation rights or the right to receive information under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement of the Controlling Class Representative without the consent of the Controlling Class Representative; (ii) reduce the consultation rights or the right to receive information under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement of the Operating Advisor without the consent of the Operating Advisor; (iii) change in any manner the obligations or rights of any Mortgage Loan Seller under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or the applicable Loan Purchase Agreement without the consent of the affected Mortgage Loan Seller; (iv) change in any manner the obligations or rights of any Underwriter or Initial Purchaser, without the consent of the affected Underwriter or Initial Purchaser; or (v) adversely affect any Companion Loan Holder in its capacity as such without its consent.  Expenses incur



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
Gs Mortgage Securities Corporation Ii
(April 15th, 2014)
GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), proposes to cause to be issued its GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC20 (the "Certificates"), consisting of 18 classes designated as the Class A-1, Class A-2, Class A-3, Class A-4, Class A-5, Class A-AB, Class X-A, Class X-B, Class X-C, Class X-D, Class A-S, Class B, Class PEZ, Class C, Class D, Class E, Class F, Class G, Class H and Class R Certificates under a Pooling and Servicing Agreement (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement"), dated as of April 1, 2014, among the Company, as depositor, KeyBank National Association, as master servicer (the "Master Servicer"), LNR Partners, LLC, as special servicer (the "Special Servicer"), Trimont Real Estate Advisors, Inc., as operating advisor (the "Operating Advisor"), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as certificate administrator (in such capacity, the "Certificate Administrator"), and as trus



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 –
AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBSERVICING AGREEMENT Between KEYCORP REAL ESTATE CAPITAL
MARKETS, INC. And BERKADIA COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LLC
(April 15th, 2014)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBSERVICING AGREEMENT (as it may be further amended, supplemented or modified, this "Agreement"), dated and effective as of January 18, 2013 by and between KEYCORP REAL ESTATE CAPITAL MARKETS, INC., an Ohio corporation (together with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement, "KRECM"), and BERKADIA COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement, the "Subservicer").













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.



























SEC.gov | Mortgage-Backed Securities


















      Skip to main content
    









 Search SEC.gov     

Company Filings | More Search Options










U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission









Show — Main navigation
Hide — Main navigation


About


What We Do


Commissioners


Securities Laws


SEC Docket


Reports and Publications


Careers


Contact




Divisions


Corporation Finance


Enforcement


Investment Management


Economic and Risk Analysis


Trading and Markets


National Exam Program


All Divisions and Offices




Enforcement


Litigation Releases


Administrative Proceedings


Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders


Accounting and Auditing


Trading Suspensions


How Investigations Work


Administrative Law Judges




Regulation


Rulemaking Index


Proposed Rules


Final Rules


Interim Final Temporary Rules


Other Orders and Notices


Self-Regulatory Organizations


Staff Interpretations




Education


Investor.gov


Check Out a Broker or Adviser


Investor Alerts and Bulletins


Fast Answers


File a Tip or Complaint


Publications




Filings


EDGAR Search Tools


Company Filing Search


How to Search EDGAR


Requesting Public Documents


Forms List


Information for Filers


About EDGAR




News


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony


Spotlight Topics


What's New


Upcoming Events


Webcasts


SEC Videos


Media Gallery






















U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


Divisions


Enforcement


Regulation


Education


Filings


Newsroom




Newsroom


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speehes


Testimony




RSS Feeds


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony




Social Media


@SEC_News


SEC Channel


SEC Photostream









Search SEC.gov



 



Company Filings | More Search Options













                     
                Fast Answers
                                 
            









































Mortgage-Backed Securities

                            July 23, 2010
                       


Mortgage-backed securities (MBS) are debt obligations that represent claims to the cash flows from pools of mortgage loans, most commonly on residential property. Mortgage loans are purchased from banks, mortgage companies, and other originators and then assembled into pools by a governmental, quasi-governmental, or private entity. The entity then issues securities that represent claims on the principal and interest payments made by borrowers on the loans in the pool, a process known as securitization.
Most MBSs are issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), a U.S. government agency, or the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, guarantees that investors receive timely payments. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also provide certain guarantees and, while not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, have special authority to borrow from the U.S. Treasury. Some private institutions, such as brokerage firms, banks, and homebuilders, also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.
Mortgage-backed securities exhibit a variety of structures. The most basic types are pass-through participation certificates, which entitle the holder to a pro-rata share of all principal and interest payments made on the pool of loan assets. More complicated MBSs, known as collaterized mortgage obligations or mortgage derivatives, may be designed to protect investors from or expose investors to various types of risk. An important risk with regard to residential mortgages involves prepayments, typically because homeowners refinance when interest rates fall. Absent protection, such prepayments would return principal to investors precisely when their options for reinvesting those funds may be relatively unattractive.
 
 











          Modified: July 23, 2010
      










STAY CONNECTED
1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube
5 Flickr  6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates 












































































 


 



Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20 | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20
    





October 06, 2016 04:19 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed 15 classes of GS Mortgage Securities Trust 
      Series 2014-GC20 commercial mortgage pass-through certificates. A 
      detailed list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The affirmations are the result of the relatively stable pool 
      performance of the pool. The Negative Outlooks on classes E and X-C are 
      due to continued concerns surrounding two loans (10.3%) which are 
      located in Houston's Energy Corridor, a market that continues to be 
      affected by low oil prices. There have been no delinquent or specially 
      serviced loans since issuance; including the Houston exposure, Fitch has 
      designated seven Fitch Loans of Concern (19.7%).
    

      As of the September 2016 distribution date, the pool's aggregate 
      principal balance has been reduced by 2.25% to $1.16 billion from $1.18 
      billion at issuance. Interest shortfalls are currently affecting class H.
    

      The largest Loan of Concern, Three WestLake Park (6.9% of the pool) is 
      secured by a 19-story office building located in Houston's Energy 
      Corridor. At issuance, it was nearly fully occupied by two tenants, 
      ConocoPhillips (57.7% of the net rentable area [NRA]) and BP Amoco 
      (40.8% of the NRA). BP has announced that it will not renew its lease, 
      which is scheduled to expire in November 2016. A majority of BP's space 
      at the property is already dark. Additionally, ConocoPhillips (recently 
      downgraded by Fitch to 'A-'/Outlook Negative) maintains its headquarters 
      less than two miles from the subject. The company recently laid off an 
      estimated 500 employees in Houston and in February announced major cuts 
      to quarterly dividends and capex spending. ConocoPhillips' lease extends 
      through February 2019 with no termination options. While ConocoPhillips 
      is expected to pay rent through its lease term, increased submarket 
      vacancy and the current state of the oil and gas industry could make it 
      challenging for the property manager to attract replacement tenants.
    

      The second largest Loan of Concern, Chase Tower (6.9%) is a 21-story 
      office building located in the Austin, Texas CBD. Occupancy declined to 
      90% as of March 2016 from 98% at YE2014 and 100% at issuance. There is 
      an additional lease roll of 23% in 2017, including the largest tenant, 
      Bury & Partners, which occupies 18.4% of the NRA.
    

      The third largest Loan of Concern, Sheraton Suites Houston (3.4%) is 
      secured by a full-service, 283-room hotel located in Houston, TX. The 
      NOI for the 12 month period ending June 30, 2016 is below the Trigger 
      Level, therefore a Cash Management Period is now in effect. The NOI DSCR 
      for the six months ended June, 30 2016 declined to 1.44x from 1.75x at 
      year-end 2015.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      The Rating Outlooks for the majority of the classes remain Stable. 
      Upgrades are not expected without improved performance and increased 
      credit enhancement. The Negative Outlooks for the class E and X-C 
      certificates are a result of performance concerns for some of the pool's 
      largest loans. Downgrades are possible should the collateral level 
      changes described above prove material to the long-term stability of the 
      pool.
    

      USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10
    

      Form ABS Due Diligence-15E was not provided to, or reviewed by, Fitch in 
      relation to this rating action.
    

      Fitch affirms the following classes and revises Outlooks as indicated:
    

      --$36.2 million class A-1 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$41.5 million class A-2 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$176.8 million class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$185 million class A-4 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$272.4 million class A-5 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$88.9 million class A-AB at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$72.4 million class A-S at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$78.3 million class B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$0 class PEZ at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$50.2 million class C at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$59.1 million class D at 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$29.6 million class E at 'BB-sf'; Outlook Negative;
    

      --$873.2 million* class X-A at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$78.3 million* class X-B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$29.6 million* class X-C at 'BB-sf'; Outlook to Negative from Stable.
    

      *Notional amount and Interest-Only.
    

      Fitch does not rate the class F, G, H and X-D certificates.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 
      Sep 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006


      Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance 
      Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130


      U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. 
      Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395


      Related Research
    

      GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 -- Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/748110


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012775


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012775


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCatherine BarbieriAssociate 
      Director+1-212-908-0638Fitch Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall 
      StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee ChairpersonMary 
      MacNeillManaging Director+1-212-908-0785orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCatherine BarbieriAssociate 
      Director+1-212-908-0638Fitch Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall 
      StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee ChairpersonMary 
      MacNeillManaging Director+1-212-908-0785orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mortgage-backed security - Wikipedia






















 






Mortgage-backed security

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Securities







Securities


Banknote
Bond
Debenture
Derivative
Stock








Markets


Stock market
Commodity market
Foreign exchange market
Futures exchange
Over-the-counter market (OTC)
Spot market








Bonds by coupon


Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
Inflation-indexed bond
Perpetual bond
Zero-coupon bond
Commercial paper








Bonds by issuer


Corporate bond
Government bond
Municipal bond
Pfandbrief








Equities (stocks)


Stock
Share
Initial public offering (IPO)
Short selling








Investment funds


Mutual fund
Closed-end fund
Exchange-traded fund (ETF)
Hedge fund
Index fund
Segregated fund








Structured finance


Securitization
Agency security
Asset-backed security
Mortgage-backed security
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Residential mortgage-backed security
Tranche
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized fund obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Credit-linked note
Unsecured debt








Derivatives


Forward
Futures
Option
Swap
Warrant
Credit derivative
Hybrid security









v
t
e





A mortgage-backed security (MBS) is a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The mortgages are sold to a group of individuals (a government agency or investment bank) that securitizes, or packages, the loans together into a security that investors can buy. The mortgages of an MBS may be residential or commercial, depending on whether it is an Agency MBS or a Non-Agency MBS; in the United States they may be issued by structures set up by government-sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or they can be "private-label", issued by structures set up by investment banks. The structure of the MBS may be known as "pass-through", where the interest and principal payments from the borrower or homebuyer pass through it to the MBS holder, or it may be more complex, made up of a pool of other MBSs. Other types of MBS include collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs, often structured as real estate mortgage investment conduits) and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs).[1]
The shares of subprime MBSs issued by various structures, such as CMOs, are not identical but rather issued as tranches (French for "slices"), each with a different level of priority in the debt repayment stream, giving them different levels of risk and reward. Tranches—especially the lower-priority, higher-interest tranches—of an MBS are/were often further repackaged and resold as collaterized debt obligations.[2] These subprime MBSs issued by investment banks were a major issue in the subprime mortgage crisis of 2006–2008.
The total face value of an MBS decreases over time, because like mortgages, and unlike bonds, and most other fixed-income securities, the principal in an MBS is not paid back as a single payment to the bond holder at maturity but rather is paid along with the interest in each periodic payment (monthly, quarterly, etc.). This decrease in face value is measured by the MBS's "factor", the percentage of the original "face" that remains to be repaid.



Contents


1 Securitization

1.1 Advantages and disadvantages


2 History

2.1 US government
2.2 Securitization
2.3 Subprime mortgage crisis


3 Types

3.1 Secondary mortgage market
3.2 TBAs
3.3 Covered bonds


4 Uses
5 Criticisms
6 Market size and liquidity
7 Pricing

7.1 Valuation

7.1.1 Weighted-average maturity
7.1.2 Weighted-average coupon


7.2 Theoretical pricing

7.2.1 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk
7.2.2 Credit risk


7.3 Real-world pricing


8 Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems
9 See also
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



Securitization[edit]




Value of mortgage-backed security issuances in $USD trillions, 1990-2009. (source: sifma statistics, structured finance)


The process of securitization is complex and depends greatly on the jurisdiction within which the process is conducted. Among other things, securitization distributes risk and permits investors to choose different levels of investment and risk.[3] The basics are:

Mortgage loans (mortgage notes) are purchased from banks and other lenders, and possibly assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV).
The purchaser or assignee assembles these loans into collections, or "pools".
The purchaser or assignee securitizes the pools by issuing mortgage-backed securities.

While a residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is secured by single-family or two- to four-family real estate, a commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is secured by commercial and multi-family properties, such as apartment buildings, retail or office properties, hotels, schools, industrial properties, and other commercial sites. A CMBS is usually structured as a different type of security than an RMBS.
These securitization trusts may be structured by government-sponsored enterprises as well as by private entities that may offer credit enhancement features to mitigate the risk of prepayment and default associated with these mortgages. Since residential mortgage holders in the United States have the option to pay more than the required monthly payment (curtailment) or to pay off the loan in its entirety (prepayment), the monthly cash flow of an MBS is not known in advance, and an MBS therefore presents a risk to investors.
In the United States, the most common securitization trusts are sponsored by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, US government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, a US government-sponsored enterprise backed by the full faith and credit of the US government, guarantees that its investors receive timely payments but buys limited numbers of mortgage notes. Some private institutions also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.[4][5] Issuances of private-label mortgage-backed securities increased dramatically from 2001 to 2007 and then ended abruptly in 2008, when real estate markets began to falter.[6] An example of a private-label issuer is the real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC), a tax-structure entity usually used for CMOs; among other things, a REMIC structure avoids so-called double taxation.[7]
Advantages and disadvantages[edit]
The securitization of mortgages in the 1970s had the advantage of providing more capital for housing at a time when the demographic bulge of baby boomers created a housing shortage and inflation was undermining a traditional source of housing funding, the savings and loan associations (or thrifts), which were limited to providing uncompetitive 5.75% interest rates on savings accounts and consequently losing savers' money to money market funds. Unlike the traditional localized, inefficient mortgage market where there might be a shortage or surplus of funds at any one time, MBSs were national in scope and regionally diversified.[8]
However, mortgage-backed securities also "led inexorably to the rise of the subprime industry" and "created hidden, systemic risks". They also "undid the connection between borrowers and lenders". Historically, "less than 2% of people lost their homes to foreclosure", but with securitization, "once a lender sold a mortgage, it no longer had a stake in whether the borrower could make his or her payments."[9]
History[edit]
Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[10] There was also an extensive commercial MBS market in the 1920s.[11]
US government[edit]
As part of the New Deal following the Great Depression, the US federal government created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) with the National Housing Act of 1934 to assist in the construction, acquisition, and rehabilitation of residential properties.[12] The FHA helped develop and standardize the fixed-rate mortgage as an alternative to the balloon payment mortgage by insuring them, and helped the mortgage design garner usage.[13]
In 1938, the government also created the government-sponsored corporation Fannie Mae to create a liquid secondary market in these mortgages and thereby free up the loan originators to originate more loans, primarily by buying FHA-insured mortgages.[14] As part of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Fannie Mae was split into the current Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae to support the FHA-insured mortgages, as well as Veterans Administration (VA) and Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) insured mortgages, with the full faith and credit of the US government.[15] In 1970, the federal government authorized Fannie Mae to purchase private mortgages—that is, those not insured by the FHA, VA, or FmHA, and created Freddie Mac to perform a role similar to that of Fannie Mae.[15] Ginnie Mae does not invest in private mortgages.
Securitization[edit]
Ginnie Mae guaranteed the first mortgage pass-through security of an approved lender in 1968.[16] In 1971, Freddie Mac issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a participation certificate, composed primarily of private mortgages.[16] In 1981, Fannie Mae issued its first mortgage pass-through, called a mortgage-backed security.[17] In 1983, Freddie Mac issued the first collateralized mortgage obligation.[18]
In 1960 the government enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act to allow the creation of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to encourage real estate investment, and in 1977 Bank of America issued the first private label pass-through.[19] In 1983 the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation T to allow broker-dealers to use pass-throughs as margin collateral, equivalent to over-the-counter non-convertible bonds.[20] In 1984 the government passed the Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act to improve the marketability of private label pass-throughs,[19] which declared nationally recognized statistical rating organization AA-rated mortgage-backed securities to be legal investments equivalent to Treasury securities and other federal government bonds for federally charted banks (such as federal savings banks and federal savings associations), state-chartered financial institutions (such as depository banks and insurance companies) unless overridden by state law before October 1991 (which 21 states did[21]), and Department of Labor–regulated pension funds.[22]
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 allowed the creation of the tax-exempt real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC) special purpose vehicle for the express purpose of issuing pass-throughs.[23] The Tax Reform Act significantly contributed to the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s that resulted in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, which dramatically changed the savings and loan industry and its federal regulation, encouraging loan origination.[24][25]
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Low-quality mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages in the United States caused a crisis that played a major role in the 2007–12 global financial crisis. By 2012 the market for high-quality mortgage-backed securities had recovered and was a profit center for US banks.[26]
Types[edit]







Most bonds backed by mortgages are classified as an MBS. This can be confusing, because a security derived from an MBS is also called an MBS. To distinguish the basic MBS bond from other mortgage-backed instruments, the qualifier pass-through is used, in the same way that "vanilla" designates an option with no special features.
Subtypes of mortgage-backed security include:

Pass-through securities are issued by a trust and allocate the cash flows from the underlying pool to the securities holders on a pro rata basis. A trust that issues pass-through certificates is taxed under the grantor trust rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these rules, the holder of a pass-through certificate is taxed as a direct owner of the portion of the trust allocatable to the certificate. In order for the issuer to be recognized as a trust for tax purposes, there can be no significant power under the trust agreement to change the composition of the asset pool or otherwise to reinvest payments received, and the trust must have, with limited exceptions, only a single class of ownership interests.[27]

A residential mortgage-backed security (RMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on residential property.
A commercial mortgage-backed security (CMBS) is a pass-through MBS backed by mortgages on commercial property.


A collateralized mortgage obligation, or "pay-through bond", is a debt obligation of a legal entity that is collateralized by the assets it owns. Pay-through bonds are typically divided into classes that have different maturities and different priorities for the receipt of principal and in some cases of interest.[28] They often contain a sequential pay security structure, with at least two classes of mortgage-backed securities issued, with one class receiving scheduled principal payments and prepayments before any other class.[29] Pay-through securities are classified as debt for income tax purposes.[30]
A stripped mortgage-backed security (SMBS) where each mortgage payment is partly used to pay down the loan's principal and partly used to pay the interest on it. These two components can be separated to create SMBS's, of which there are two subtypes:

An interest-only stripped mortgage-backed security (IO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the interest component of property owner's mortgage payments.

A net interest margin security (NIMS) is re-securitized residual interest of a mortgage-backed security[31]


A principal-only stripped mortgage-backed security (PO) is a bond with cash flows backed by the principal repayment component of property owner's mortgage payments.



There are a variety of underlying mortgage classifications in the pool:

Prime mortgages are conforming mortgages with prime borrowers, full documentation (such as verification of income and assets), strong credit scores, etc.
Alt-A mortgages are an ill-defined category, generally prime borrowers but non-conforming in some way, often lower documentation (or in some other way: vacation home, etc.)[32] Alt-A mortgages tend to be larger in size than subprime loans and have significantly higher credit quality. For example, an Alt-A loan might be to an individual with multiple and varying sources of income; non-owner occupied, investment properties are often Alt-A loans. Because Alt-A loans are not conforming loans, they are not eligible for purchase by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.[33]
Subprime mortgages generally have weaker credit scores as well as little to no verification of income or assets, high debt-to-income ratios, etc.
Jumbo mortgage when the size of the loan is bigger than the "conforming loan amount" as set by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As such, the mortgage rates on jumbo loans are somewhat higher than for conforming loans.[33]

These types are not limited to Mortgage Backed Securities. Bonds backed by mortgages but that are not MBSs can also have these subtypes.
There are two types of classifications based on the issuer of the security:

Agency, or government, issued securities by government-sponsored enterprise issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac sell short term (3–6 month) bills at auction on a weekly schedule,[34] and longer-term (1–10 year) notes at monthly auctions.[35]
The underlying mortgages for Agency MBS are one to four-single family residential mortgages only.


Non-agency, or private-label, securities by non-governmental issuers, such as trusts and other special purpose entities like real estate mortgage investment conduits.

The underlying mortgages for Non-Agency MBS are backed by second mortgage loans, manufactured housing loans, and a variety of commercial real estate loans, in addition to single family residential mortgages.



Secondary mortgage market[edit]
The secondary mortgage market is the market where a network of lenders sell, and investors buy, existing mortgages or MBS. A large percentage of newly originated mortgages are sold by their originators into this large and liquid market where they are packaged into MBS and sold to public and private investors, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds.
Because of the long-term nature of mortgages, the secondary market is an essential factor in maintaining lender liquidity. The infusion of capital from investors provides mortgage lenders such as banks, thrifts, mortgage bankers and other loan originators with a market for their loans. In addition to providing liquidity and increasing overall efficiency, the secondary market can smooth out geographic credit disparities. However, in some respects, particularly where subprime and other riskier mortgages are involved, the secondary mortgage market may exacerbate certain risks and volatility.[3]
TBAs[edit]
TBAs—short for "to-be-announced" securities—involve a special type of trading of mortgage-backed securities. TBAs are the most liquid and important secondary mortgage market, with volume in the trillions of dollars annually.[36] TBAs are traded by MBS traders with notional amounts. There are settlement days when the traders have to make good on their trades. At that time, they choose fractions from various pools to make up their TBA. Only agency mortgage-backed securities trade in the TBA market.[36] "In a TBA transaction, the parties agree on a price for delivering a given volume of Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities at a specified future date. The distinguishing feature of a TBA transaction is that the actual identity of the securities to be delivered at settlement is not specified on the date of execution (“Trade Date”). Instead, the parties to the trade agree on only five general parameters of the securities to be delivered: issuer, mortgage type, maturity, coupon, and month of settlement."[37]
TBAs are critical in determining the ultimate interest rates that mortgage borrowers pay, since mortgage originators can "lock in" rates and use TBAs to hedge their exposure. TBAs are also used to hedge many non-TBA eligible mortgage products, such as hybrid ARMs and non-agency mortgages.[36]
Covered bonds[edit]
Main article: covered bond
In Europe there exists a type of asset-backed bond called a covered bond, commonly known by the German term Pfandbriefe. Covered bonds were first created in 19th-century Germany when Frankfurter Hypo began issuing mortgage covered bonds. The market has been regulated since the creation of a law governing the securities in Germany in 1900. The key difference between covered bonds and mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities is that banks that make loans and package them into covered bonds keep those loans on their books. This means that when a company with mortgage assets on its books issues the covered bond, its balance sheet grows, which would not occur if it issued an MBS, although it may still guarantee the securities payments.
Uses[edit]




Risk, Return, Rating & Yield relate


There are many reasons for mortgage originators to finance their activities by issuing mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities:

transform relatively illiquid, individual financial assets into liquid and tradable capital market instruments
allow mortgage originators to replenish their funds, which can then be used for additional origination activities
can be used by Wall Street banks to monetize the credit spread between the origination of an underlying mortgage (private market transaction) and the yield demanded by bond investors through bond issuance (typically a public market transaction)
are often a more efficient and lower-cost source of financing in comparison with other bank and capital markets financing alternatives.
allow issuers to diversify their financing sources by offering alternatives to more traditional forms of debt and equity financing
allow issuers to remove assets from their balance sheet, which can help to improve various financial ratios, utilize capital more efficiently, and achieve compliance with risk-based capital standards

The high liquidity of most mortgage-backed securities means that an investor wishing to take a position need not deal with the difficulties of theoretical pricing described below; the price of any bond is essentially quoted at fair value, with a very narrow bid/offer spread.[citation needed]
Reasons (other than investment or speculation) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates (a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing).
Criticisms[edit]
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risks, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization is believed to have played an important role in the US subprime mortgage crisis.[38] In addition, off–balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer are said to make the securitizing firm's leverage less transparent, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and allowing credit risk underpricing. Off–balance sheet securitizations are believed to have played a large role in the high leverage ratio of US financial institutions before the financial crisis.[39]
Market size and liquidity[edit]
As of the second quarter of 2011, there was about $13.7 trillion in total outstanding US mortgage debt.[40] There were about $8.5 trillion in total US mortgage-related securities.[41] About $7 trillion of that was securitized or guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises or government agencies, the remaining $1.5 trillion being pooled by private mortgage conduits.[40]
According to the Bond Market Association, gross US issuance of agency MBS was (see also chart above):

2005: USD 0.967 trillion
2004: USD 1.019 trillion
2003: USD 2.131 trillion
2002: USD 1.444 trillion
2001: USD 1.093 trillion

Pricing[edit]
Valuation[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) and weighted average coupon (WAC) are used for valuation of a pass-through MBS, and they form the basis for computing cash flows from that mortgage pass-through. Just as this article describes a bond as a 30-year bond with 6% coupon rate, this article describes a pass-through MBS as a $3 billion pass-through with 6% pass-through rate, a 6.5% WAC, and 340-month WAM. The pass-through rate is different from the WAC; it is the rate that the investor would receive if he/she held this pass-through MBS, and the pass-through rate is almost always less than the WAC. The difference goes to servicing costs (i.e., costs incurred in collecting the loan payments and transferring the payments to the investors.)
To illustrate these concepts, consider a mortgage pool with just three mortgage loans that have the following outstanding mortgage balances, mortgage rates, and months remaining to maturity:


Loan
Outstanding mortgage balance
Mortgage

rate
Remaining

months to maturity
Percentage of pool's total $900,000 balance

(the loan's "weighting")


Loan 1
$200,000
6.00%
300
22.22%


Loan 2
$400,000
6.25%
260
44.44%


Loan 3
$300,000
6.50%
280
33.33%


Overall Pool
$900,000
WAC: 6.277%
WAM: 275.55
100%


Weighted-average maturity[edit]
The weighted-average maturity (WAM) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the maturities of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their balances at the issue of the MBS. Note that this is an average across mortgages, as distinct from concepts such as weighted-average life and duration, which are averages across payments of a single loan.
The weightings are computed by dividing each outstanding loan amount by total amount outstanding in the mortgage pool (i.e., $900,000). These amounts are the outstanding amounts at the issuance or initiation of the MBS. The WAM for the above example is computed as follows:
WAM = (22.22% × 300) + (44.44% × 260) + (33.33% × 280) = 66.66 + 115.55 + 93.33 = 275.55 months
Another measure often used is the Weighted-average loan age.
Weighted-average coupon[edit]
The weighted-average coupon (WAC) of a pass-through MBS is the average of the coupons of the mortgages in the pool, weighted by their original balances at the issuance of the MBS. For the above example this is:
WAC = (22.22% × 6.00%) + (44.44% × 6.25%) + (33.33% × 6.50%) = 1.33% + 2.77% + 2.166% = 6.277%
Theoretical pricing[edit]
Pricing a "vanilla" corporate bond is based on two sources of uncertainty: default risk (credit risk) and interest rate (IR) exposure.[42] The MBS adds a third risk: early redemption (prepayment). The number of homeowners in residential MBS securitizations who prepay increases when interest rates decrease. One reason for this phenomenon is that homeowners can refinance at a lower fixed interest rate. Commercial MBS often mitigate this risk using call protection.[43]
Since these two sources of risk (IR and prepayment) are linked, solving mathematical models of MBS value is a difficult problem in finance. The level of difficulty rises with the complexity of the IR model and the sophistication of the prepayment IR dependence, to the point that no closed-form solution (i.e., one that could be written down) is widely known. In models of this type, numerical methods provide approximate theoretical prices. These are also required in most models that specify the credit risk as a stochastic function with an IR correlation. Practitioners typically use specialised Monte Carlo methods or modified Binomial Tree numerical solutions.
Interest rate risk and prepayment risk[edit]
Theoretical pricing models must take into account the link between interest rates and loan prepayment speed. Mortgage prepayments are usually made because a home is sold or because the homeowner is refinancing to a new mortgage, presumably with a lower rate or shorter term. Prepayment is classified as a risk for the MBS investor despite the fact that they receive the money, because it tends to occur when floating rates drop and the fixed income of the bond would be more valuable (negative convexity). In other words, the proceeds received would need to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.[7] Hence the term prepayment risk.
Professional investors generally use arbitrage-pricing models to value MBS. These models deploy interest rate scenarios consistent with the current yield curve as drivers of the econometric prepayment models that models homeowner behavior as a function of projected mortgage rates. Given the market price, the model produces an option-adjusted spread, a valuation metric that takes into account the risks inherent in these complex securities. [44]
There are other drivers of the prepayment function (or prepayment risk), independent of the interest rate, such as:

economic growth, which is correlated with increased turnover in the housing market
home prices inflation
unemployment
regulatory risk (if borrowing requirements or tax laws in a country change this can change the market profoundly)
demographic trends, and a shifting risk aversion profile, which can make fixed rate mortgages relatively more or less attractive

Credit risk[edit]
Main article: Credit risk
The credit risk of mortgage-backed securities depends on the likelihood of the borrower paying the promised cash flows (principal and interest) on time. The credit rating of MBS is fairly high because:

Most mortgage originations include research on the mortgage borrower's ability to repay, and will try to lend only to the creditworthy. An important exception to this is "no-doc" or "low-doc" loans.
Some MBS issuers, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, guarantee against homeowner default risk. In the case of Ginnie Mae, this guarantee is backed with the full faith and credit of the US federal government.[45] This is not the case with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but these two entities have lines of credit with the US federal government; however, these lines of credit are extremely small compared to the average amount of money circulated through these entities in one day's business. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac generally require private mortgage insurance on loans in which the borrower provides a down payment that is less than 20% of the property value.
Pooling many mortgages with uncorrelated default probabilities creates a bond with a much lower probability of total default, in which no homeowners are able to make their payments (see Copula). Although the risk neutral credit spread is theoretically identical between a mortgage ensemble and the average mortgage within it, the chance of catastrophic loss is reduced.
If the property owner should default, the property remains as collateral. Although real estate prices can move below the value of the original loan, this increases the solidity of the payment guarantees and deters borrower default.

If the MBS was not underwritten by the original real estate and the issuer's guarantee, the rating of the bonds would be much lower. Part of the reason is the expected adverse selection against borrowers with improving credit (from MBSs pooled by initial credit quality) who would have an incentive to refinance (ultimately joining an MBS pool with a higher credit rating).
Real-world pricing[edit]
Because of the diversity in MBS types, there is wide variety of pricing sources. In general, the more uniform or liquid the MBS, the greater the transparency or availability of prices.[36] Most traders and money managers use Bloomberg and Intex to analyze MBS pools and more esoteric products such as CDOs, although tools such as Citi's The Yield Book and Barclays POINT are also prevalent across Wall Street, especially for multi–asset class managers. Some institutions have also developed their own proprietary software. Tradeweb is used by the largest bond dealers (the "primaries") to transact round lots ($1 million and larger).
Complex structured products tend to trade less frequently and involve more negotiation. Prices for these more complicated MBSs, as well as for CMOs and CDOs, tend to be more subjective, often available only from dealers.[36]
For "vanilla" or "generic" 30-year pools (FN/FG/GN) with coupons of 3.5%–7%, one can see the prices posted on a TradeWeb screen by the primaries called To Be Allocated (TBA). This is due to the actual pools not being shown. These are forward prices for the next 3 delivery months since pools have not been cut; only the issuing agency, coupon, and dollar amount are revealed. A specific pool whose characteristics are known would usually trade "TBA plus {x} ticks" or a "pay-up", depending on characteristics. These are called "specified pools", since the buyer specifies the pool characteristic he/she is willing to "pay up" for.
The price of an MBS pool is influenced by prepayment speed, usually measured in units of CPR or PSA. When a mortgage refinances or the borrower prepays during the month, the prepayment measurement increases.
If the lovina acquired a pool at a premium (>100), as is common for higher coupons, then they are at risk for prepayment. If the purchase price was 105, the investor loses 5 cents for every dollar prepaid, which may significantly decrease the yield. This is likely to happen as holders of higher-coupon MBSs have a good incentive to refinance.
Conversely, it may be advantageous to the bondholder for the borrower to prepay if the low-coupon MBS pool was bought at a discount (<100). This is due to the fact that when the borrower pays back the mortgage, he does so at "par". So if the investor bought a bond at 95 cents on the dollar, as the borrower prepays he or she gets the full dollar back and his or her yield increases. However, this is unlikely to happen, as borrowers with low-coupon mortgages have very little incentive to refinance.
The price of an MBS pool is also influenced by the loan balance. Common specifications for MBS pools are loan amount ranges that each mortgage in the pool must pass. Typically, high-premium (high-coupon) MBSs backed by mortgages with an original loan balance no larger than $85,000 command the largest pay-ups. Even though the borrower is paying an above market yield, he or she is dissuaded from refinancing a small loan balance due to the high fixed cost involved.
Low Loan Balance: < $85,000
Mid Loan Balance: $85,000–$110,000
High Loan Balance: $110,000–$150,000
Super High Loan Balance: $150,000–$175,000
TBA: > $175,000
The plurality of factors makes it difficult to calculate the value of an MBS security. Often market participants do not concur, resulting in large differences in quoted prices for the same instrument. Practitioners constantly try to improve prepayment models and hope to measure values for input variables implied by the market. Varying liquidity premiums for related instruments and changing liquidity over time make this a difficult task. One factor used to express price of an MBS security is the pool factor.
Recording and Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems[edit]
One critical component of the securitization system in the US market is the Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems (MERS) created in the 1990s, which created a private system wherein underlying mortgages were assigned and reassigned outside of the traditional county-level recording process. The legitimacy and overall accuracy of this alternative recording system have faced serious challenges with the onset of the mortgage crisis: as the US courts flood with foreclosure cases, the inadequacies of the MERS model are being exposed, and both local and federal governments have begun to take action through suits of their own and the refusal (in some jurisdictions) of the courts to recognize the legal authority of MERS assignments.[46][47] The assignment of mortgage (deed of trust) and note (obligation to pay the debt) paperwork outside of the traditional US county courts (and without recordation fee payment) is subject to legal challenge. Legal inconsistencies in MERS originally appeared trivial, but they may reflect dysfunctionality in the entire US mortgage securitization industry.
See also[edit]

A notes
Bank of America Home Loans
Dollar roll
New Century
United States housing bubble

References[edit]


^ Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapters 4 and 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ How can mortgage-backed securities bring down the U.S. economy?| Josh Clark| How Stuff Works
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 1 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Mortgage-Backed securities". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Risk Glossary". 
^ "The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2010 to 2020 - CBO". Cbo.gov. 2010-01-26. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 4 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.5
^ All the Devils Are Here, MacLean and Nocera, p.19
^ ""Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012". Papers.ssrn.com. SSRN 2042316 . doi:10.2139/ssrn.2042316.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Securitization in the 1920s". Nber.org. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 18–19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 19.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 19–20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 20.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 21.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 23.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 25.
^ a b Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 31.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 34.
^ The 21 states that utilized the exemption provisions were Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, and West Virginia.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 32.
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, pp. 33–34.
^ Cebula, Richard J.; Hung, Chao-shun (1992). The Savings and Loan Crisis. p. 57. ISBN 978-0-8403-7620-6. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 significantly acted to reduce real estate values and to weaken the profit positions of Savings and Loans... 
^ Fabozzi & Modigliani 1992, p. 26.
^ Peter Eavis (August 8, 2012). "With Rates Low, Banks Increase Mortgage Profit" (Dealbook blog). The New York Times. Retrieved August 9, 2012. 
^ Trust must satisfy the restrictions of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(c) to prevent recharacterization of the trust as a business entity for tax purposes.
^ Joseph G. Haubrich, Derivative Mechanics: The CMO, Economic Commentary, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Issue Q I, pages 13-19, (1995).
^ These securities are referred to as Fast-pay, Slow-pay securities.
^ IRC § 385.
^ Keith L. Krasney, "Legal Structure of Net Interest Margin Securities", The Journal of Structured Finance, Spring 2007, Vol. 13, No. 1: pp. 54-59, doi:10.3905/jsf.2007.684867
^ "A Journey to the Alt-A Zone: A Brief Primer on Alt-A Mortgage Loans" (PDF). Nomura Fixed Income Research. 
^ a b Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 3 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 2013 bill sale calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ "Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2013 note calendar". Reuters. Retrieved 11 January 2013. 
^ a b c d e Lemke, Lins and Picard, Mortgage-Backed Securities, Chapter 5 (Thomson West, 2013 ed.).
^ "Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Post-Trade Transparency for Agency Pass-Through Mortgage-Backed Securities Traded TBA" (PDF). SEC. 
^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ a b "Federal Reserve Statistical Release". Federalreserve.gov. 2009-03-27. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 
^ Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Statistical Release Archived April 19, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ross, Stephen A.; et al. (2004). Essentials of Corporate Finance, Fourth Edition. McGraw-Hill/Irwin. pp. 158, 186. ISBN 0-07-251076-5. 
^ LaCour-Little, Michael. "Call Protection In Mortgage Contracts" (PDF). AREUEA. p. 2. Retrieved 30 November 2012. 
^ Hayre 2001, p. 29.
^ "Mortgage-backed securities are offering decent returns". USA Today. October 21, 2010. 
^ [1] Archived November 25, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "HSBC Bank USA, N.A. v Taher (2011 NY Slip Op 51208(U))". Nycourts.gov. Retrieved 2014-08-23. 


Bibliography[edit]


Lemke, Thomas P.; Lins, Gerald T.; Picard, Marie E. (2013). Mortgage-Backed Securities. Thomson West. 
Fabozzi, Frank J.; Modigliani, Franco (1992). Mortgage and Mortgage-backed Securities Markets. Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 0-87584-322-0. 
Hayre, Lakhbir (2001). Salomon Smith Barney Guide to Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-38587-5. 


External links[edit]

Vink, Dennis and Thibeault, André (2008). "ABS, MBS and CDO Compared: An Empirical Analysis" The Journal of Structured Finance
More Mortgage Madness by Kai Wright, The Nation, April 29, 2009
MBS Basics by Mortgage News Daily, MBS Commentary
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2008/03/what_is_a_mortgagebacked_security.html] What Is a Mortgage-Backed Security? by Chris Wilson, in Slate Magazine
TBA Trading and Liquidity in the Agency MBS Market, by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York







v
t
e


Bond market






Bond
Debenture
Fixed income





Types of bonds by issuer



Agency bond
Corporate bond

Senior debt
Subordinated debt


Distressed debt
Emerging market debt
Government bond
Municipal bond





Types of bonds by payout



Accrual bond
Auction rate security
Callable bond
Commercial paper
Contingent convertible bond
Convertible bond
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Fixed rate bond
Floating rate note
High-yield debt
Inflation-indexed bond
Inverse floating rate note
Perpetual bond
Puttable bond
Reverse convertible securities
Zero-coupon bond





Bond valuation



Clean price
Convexity
Coupon
Credit spread
Current yield
Dirty price
Duration
I-spread
Mortgage yield
Nominal yield
Option-adjusted spread
Risk-free bond
Weighted-average life
Yield curve
Yield spread
Yield to maturity
Z-spread





Securitized products



Asset-backed security
Collateralized debt obligation
Collateralized mortgage obligation
Commercial mortgage-backed security
Mortgage-backed security





Bond options



Callable bond
Convertible bond
Embedded option
Exchangeable bond
Extendible bond
Puttable bond





Institutions



Commercial Mortgage Securities Association (CMSA)
International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)












v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Derivatives market




Derivative (finance)



Options





Terms




Credit spread
Debit spread
Exercise
Expiration
Moneyness
Open interest
Pin risk
Risk-free interest rate
Strike price
the Greeks
Volatility






Vanilla options




Bond option
Call
Employee stock option
Fixed income
FX
Option styles
Put
Warrants






Exotic options




Asian
Barrier
Basket
Binary
Chooser
Cliquet
Commodore
Compound
Forward start
Interest rate
Lookback
Mountain range
Rainbow
Swaption






Combinations




Collar
Covered call
Fence
Iron butterfly
Iron condor
Straddle
Strangle
Protective put
Risk reversal






Spreads




Back
Bear
Box
Bull
Butterfly
Calendar
Diagonal
Intermarket
Ratio
Vertical






Valuation




Binomial
Black
Black–Scholes model
Finite difference
Garman-Kohlhagen
Margrabe's formula
Put–call parity
Simulation
Real options valuation
Trinomial
Vanna–Volga pricing








Swaps



Amortising
Asset
Basis
Conditional variance
Constant maturity
Correlation
Credit default
Currency
Dividend
Equity
Forex
Forward Rate Agreement
Inflation
Interest rate
Overnight indexed
Total return
Variance
Volatility
Year-on-Year Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Inflation-Indexed
Zero Coupon Swap








Forwards
Futures






Contango
Currency future
Dividend future
Forward market
Forward price
Forwards pricing
Forward rate
Futures pricing
Interest rate future
Margin
Normal backwardation
Single-stock futures
Slippage
Stock market index future





Exotic derivatives



Energy derivative
Freight derivative
Inflation derivative
Property derivative
Weather derivative





Other derivatives



Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Constant proportion portfolio insurance
Contract for difference
Credit-linked note (CLN)
Credit default option
Credit derivative
Equity-linked note (ELN)
Equity derivative
Foreign exchange derivative
Fund derivative
Interest rate derivative
Mortgage-backed security
Power reverse dual-currency note (PRDC)





Market issues



Consumer debt
Corporate debt
Government debt
Great Recession
Municipal debt
Tax policy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mortgage-backed_security&oldid=788476230"					
Categories: Mortgage-backed securityStructured financeUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2008 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuvių日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 16:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20 - MarketWatch


















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					Oct. 6, 2016, 4:19 p.m. EDT
				
Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20
























NEW YORK, Oct 06, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Fitch Ratings has affirmed 15 classes of GS Mortgage Securities Trust 
      Series 2014-GC20 commercial mortgage pass-through certificates. A 
      detailed list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.


                                        








KEY RATING DRIVERS


                                        








The affirmations are the result of the relatively stable pool 
      performance of the pool. The Negative Outlooks on classes E and X-C are 
      due to continued concerns surrounding two loans (10.3%) which are 
      located in Houston's Energy Corridor, a market that continues to be 
      affected by low oil prices. There have been no delinquent or specially 
      serviced loans since issuance; including the Houston exposure, Fitch has 
      designated seven Fitch Loans of Concern (19.7%).


                                        








As of the September 2016 distribution date, the pool's aggregate 
      principal balance has been reduced by 2.25% to $1.16 billion from $1.18 
      billion at issuance. Interest shortfalls are currently affecting class H.


                                        








The largest Loan of Concern, Three WestLake Park (6.9% of the pool) is 
      secured by a 19-story office building located in Houston's Energy 
      Corridor. At issuance, it was nearly fully occupied by two tenants, 
      ConocoPhillips (57.7% of the net rentable area [NRA]) and BP Amoco 
      (40.8% of the NRA). BP has announced that it will not renew its lease, 
      which is scheduled to expire in November 2016. A majority of BP's space 
      at the property is already dark. Additionally, ConocoPhillips (recently 
      downgraded by Fitch to 'A-'/Outlook Negative) maintains its headquarters 
      less than two miles from the subject. The company recently laid off an 
      estimated 500 employees in Houston and in February announced major cuts 
      to quarterly dividends and capex spending. ConocoPhillips' lease extends 
      through February 2019 with no termination options. While ConocoPhillips 
      is expected to pay rent through its lease term, increased submarket 
      vacancy and the current state of the oil and gas industry could make it 
      challenging for the property manager to attract replacement tenants.


                                        








The second largest Loan of Concern, Chase Tower (6.9%) is a 21-story 
      office building located in the Austin, Texas CBD. Occupancy declined to 
      90% as of March 2016 from 98% at YE2014 and 100% at issuance. There is 
      an additional lease roll of 23% in 2017, including the largest tenant, 
      Bury & Partners, which occupies 18.4% of the NRA.


                                        








The third largest Loan of Concern, Sheraton Suites Houston (3.4%) is 
      secured by a full-service, 283-room hotel located in Houston, TX. The 
      NOI for the 12 month period ending June 30, 2016 is below the Trigger 
      Level, therefore a Cash Management Period is now in effect. The NOI DSCR 
      for the six months ended June, 30 2016 declined to 1.44x from 1.75x at 
      year-end 2015.


                                        








RATING SENSITIVITIES


                                        








The Rating Outlooks for the majority of the classes remain Stable. 
      Upgrades are not expected without improved performance and increased 
      credit enhancement. The Negative Outlooks for the class E and X-C 
      certificates are a result of performance concerns for some of the pool's 
      largest loans. Downgrades are possible should the collateral level 
      changes described above prove material to the long-term stability of the 
      pool.


                                        








USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10


                                        








Form ABS Due Diligence-15E was not provided to, or reviewed by, Fitch in 
      relation to this rating action.


                                        








Fitch affirms the following classes and revises Outlooks as indicated:


                                        








--$36.2 million class A-1 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$41.5 million class A-2 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$176.8 million class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$185 million class A-4 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$272.4 million class A-5 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$88.9 million class A-AB at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$72.4 million class A-S at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$78.3 million class B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$0 class PEZ at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$50.2 million class C at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$59.1 million class D at 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$29.6 million class E at 'BB-sf'; Outlook Negative;


                                        








--$873.2 million* class X-A at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$78.3 million* class X-B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;


                                        








--$29.6 million* class X-C at 'BB-sf'; Outlook to Negative from Stable.


                                        








*Notional amount and Interest-Only.


                                        








Fitch does not rate the class F, G, H and X-D certificates.


                                        








Additional information is available at         www.fitchratings.com
.


                                        








Applicable Criteria


                                        








Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 
      Sep 2016)


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006









Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance 
      Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016)


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401









Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130









U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. 
      Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395









Related Research


                                        








GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 -- Appendix


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/748110









Additional Disclosures


                                        








Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012775









Solicitation Status


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012775









Endorsement Policy


                                        

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31









ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK:         HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS
. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT         WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM
. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.


                                        








Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.


                                        








The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.


                                        








For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001


                                        














View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161006006428/en/









SOURCE: Fitch Ratings


                                        








Fitch Ratings        
Primary Analyst        
Catherine Barbieri        
Associate 
      Director        
+1-212-908-0638        
Fitch Ratings, Inc.        
33 Whitehall 
      Street        
New York, NY 10004        
or        
Committee Chairperson        
Mary 
      MacNeill        
Managing Director        
+1-212-908-0785        
or        
Media 
      Relations        
Sandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278        
sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com









Copyright Business Wire 2016
                    








































Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Extra

Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials






3.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

How you teach a computer to drive like a human








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




6:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20

Moody's Org ID:723784677







Moody's Org ID:723784677

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    02 Mar 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC20





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms 12 Classes of GSMS 2014-GC20





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Apr 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms 12 Classes of GSMS 2014-GC20





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Apr 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    GSMS 2014-GC20 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Apr 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS 2014-GC20 Mortgage Securities Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    31 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Mar 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC20





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Mar 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    GSMS 2014-GC20 v 1.0 Compared To CMBS Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay


































































































INITIAL PRICING: GS Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-GC20































  


















Remember Me

















HomeTop NewsRegional DigestsMidwest DigestMidwest ArchiveMid-Atlantic DigestMid-Atlantic ArchiveNortheast DigestNortheast ArchiveSouth Central DigestSouth Central ArchiveSoutheast DigestSoutheast ArchiveWest DigestWest ArchiveCMBSPipelineUpcoming/Priced Deals20172016201520142013201220112010Fixed2009Fixed2008Fixed2007FixedFloating2006FixedFloating2005FixedFloating2004FixedFloating2003FixedFloating2002FixedFloating2001FixedFloating2000FixedFloating1999FixedFloatingCMBS Pricing MatrixDatabase201420132012201120102009200820072006200520042003200220012000Special ServicingRankingsB-Piece Buyers201520142013201220112010200720062004Bookrunners20152014201320122011200820072006200520042003200220012000Lenders201520142013200620052004DelinquencyCMBS Issuance DataCRE DataREIT DebtREIT Unsecured DebtLoan SalesOfferingsFDIC Loan-Sales ResultsSales DatabaseRatesSign Up






Follow: 


















 






Advanced Search






Daily market intelligence on mortgages, equity raising, investment sales, and CMBS.




















			Friday, 28 March 2014		


						
	  	INITIAL PRICING: GS Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-GC20
	  


			Written by 
						Orest Mandzy








font size

decrease font size



increase font size






Print





Email









Rate this item



1
2
3
4
5

(0 votes)













Class
Amt $mln
Sub Level%
Avg Life (yrs)
Rating Moody's
Rating Fitch
Rating Kroll
Pricing %
Final Pricing (bp)
Bnch mark


A-1
62.82
30.00
2.67
Aaa
AAA
AAA
100.00
+48
swaps


A-2
41.45
30.00
4.90
Aaa
AAA
AAA
102.996
+60
swaps


A-3
176.81
30.00
6.80
Aaa
AAA
AAA
102.999
+92
swaps


A-4
185.00
30.00
9.70
Aaa
AAA
AAA
100.994
+86
swaps


A-5
272.42
30.00
9.81
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.000
+88
swaps


A-AB
88.90
30.00
7.31
Aaa
AAA
AAA
102.999
+82
swaps


A-S
72.40
23.875
9.90
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.000
+113
swaps


B
78.31
17.25
9.90
Aa3
AA-
AA-
102.999
+140
swaps


PEZ
200.94
13.00
9.90
A1
A-
A-
 
 
swaps


C
50.24
13.00
9.90
A3
A-
A-
102.628
+190
swaps


D
59.10
8.00
9.97
NR
BBB-
BBB-
90.437
+355
swaps


E
29.55
5.50
9.99
NR
BB-
BB
 
 
Treas


F
16.25
4.125
9.99
NR
NR
BB-
 
 
Treas


G
11.82
3.125
9.99
NR
NR
B
 
 
Treas


H
36.94
0.00
9.99
NR
NR
NR
 
 
Treas


X-A
899.80*
NA
NA
Aaa
AAA
AAA
8.050
+180 
Treas


X-B
78.31*
NA
NA
Aa3
AA-
AAA
3.611
+140 
Treas


X-C
29.55*
NA
NA
NR
BB-
BB
 
 
Treas


X-D
65.01*
NA
NA
NR
NR
NR
 
 
Treas



*Notional amount, interest only
Collateral balance: $1,182.00 million
Bookrunner(s): Goldman Sachs, Citigroup
Lead Managers: Goldman Sachs, Citigroup
Co-managers: Drexel Hamilton
B-piece Buyer: Ellington Management Group (60 percent of E, F, G, H classes), LNR Partners (40 percent)
Master Servicer: KeyBank
Special Servicer: LNR Partners
Operating Adviser: Trimont Real Estate Advisors
Certificate Administrator: Wells Fargo Bank
Trustee: Wells Fargo Bank
Originators: Goldman Sachs (36.8 percent of pool balance), Citigroup (31.9 percent), MC-Five Mile Commercial Mortgage Finance (16.3 percent), Starwood Mortgage Funding (9.1 percent), Redwood Commercial Mortgage Corp. (6 percent)
Number of Loans/Properties: 63/127
Top-10 Concentration: 49.7 percent
Property Types: Retail (25.2 percent of pool balance), office (19.6 percent), mixed use (12.6 percent), senior housing (12 percent), multifamily (12 percent), hotels (7.4 percent), self storage (6.2 percent), industrial (3.3 percent), manufactured housing (1.8 percent)
Underwritten DSCR: 1.49x
Underwritten LTV: 68.9 percent
Underwritten Debt Yield: 10.2 percent
Weighted Average Mortgage Rate: 4.9879 percent
Full-term IO Loans: 2 loans (2.5 percent of pool balance)
Partial-term IO Loans: 22 loans (46.2 percent of pool balance)
Largest...


Log In or 
				Subscribe to read more...





“The Weekly”
“The Weekly” is Commercial Real Estate Direct’s PDF newsletter, sent to subscribers every Friday morning. With over 100 news stories published on Commercial Real Estate Direct each week, “The Weekly” features the top stories in commercial real estate that industry participants need to know first. “The Weekly” also contains:

Breaking mortgage, CMBS, and REIT news

Quarterly league tables with rankings of B-piece buyers, book runners, and lenders

Industry moves and changes in “The Insider“

Sign Up for a Trial
 



Additional Info


Syndicate to Realpoint:
No


Subject:
CMBS Pricing (PRICE)


Deal Name:
GS Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-GC20


Private:
Yes







				Read 1239 times			


				Last modified on Tuesday, 01 April 2014			










Tweet

















Published in
General








Orest Mandzy








Latest from Orest Mandzy


INITIAL PRICING: CGMS Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2017-MDDR


Highland Capital Enters Alternative-Lending Biz


INITIAL PRICING: CD, 2017-CD5


NCREIF Total Return Index Changes Direction and Increases Slightly in 2Q


Historic St. Louis Hotel Sold; $104Mln Mixed-Use Development Slated







More in this category:

			« Owner-Operator Switches Gears to Become Capital Provider		

			American Realty Hospitality Makes First Investments »
		





			back to top		








Data Digest






 
CMBS DELINQUENCY VOLUME



 
CMBS SPECIAL SERVICING VOLUME




  


Top Bookrunners Domestic, Private-Label CMBS - 2016


Investment Bank
#Deals
Vol$mln
MktShr%


JPMorgan Securities
14.94
10,350.16
15.14


Deutsche Bank
14.21
9,926.60
14.52


Wells Fargo Securities
13.36
9,513.96
13.92


Citigroup
10.87
8,061.79
11.80


Goldman Sachs
10.05
7,563.72
11.07







 
MOODY'S/RCA CPPI
 

 
 


CMBS 2.0 Spreads




   


Top CMBS Loan Contributors - 2016


Lender
#Loans
Vol$mln
MktShr%


JPMorgan Chase Bank
133.67
8,670.33
13.34


Goldman Sachs
156.20
7,418.37
11.41


Deutsche Bank
178.17
6,510.75
10.02


Citigroup
184.41
5,512.20
8.48


Morgan Stanley
113.18
4,130.53
6.35



 
 



















&lt;A href=&quot;http://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/click/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;lookup=true&amp;position=1&quot; mce_href=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/click/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;lookup=true&amp;position=1&quot; target=&quot;_top&quot;&gt; &lt;IMG src=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/view/banner/image/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;position=1&quot; mce_src=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/view/banner/image/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;position=1&quot; height=&quot;300&quot; width=&quot;250&quot; hspace=&quot;0&quot; vspace=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;Click Here!&quot;&gt; &lt;/A&gt;
 


REITCafe


Challenging Retail Environment Weights on REITsMixed economic news is weighing on retail markets, pushing REIT performance down in 2015. This week, the National Retail Federation announced that back-to-school spending is expected to be down 9.3% in 2015. This news came on the heels of a report from the Commerce Department stating that retail sales declined 0.3%... 
US REITs Feeling Effects from Turmoil in Greece and ChinaInternational economic forces have taken center stage this week, affecting both US stock markets and REITs. The crash in the Chinese stock market and ongoing concerns about the future of Greece in the eurozone drove markets down during the first half of the week. REITs fared better than the overall market...
What Does Increased Construction Mean for Apartment REITs?REITs so far this year have raised $17.1 billion of capital through the sale of unsecured notes, bringing the total raised over the past two and a half years to just more than $75 billion. That’s more than they raised during the previous five years. The massive volume shouldn’t be a surprise as it comes while the yield from 10-year Treasury bonds, the benchmark...

shouldn’t be a surprise as it comes while the yield from 10-year Treasury bonds, the benchmark against which most REIT’s price their bonds








Weekly Archive




								Jul 24 - 28
							


								Jul 17 - 21
							


								Jul 10 - 14
							


								Jul 03 - 07
							


								Jun 26 - 30
							
 

				More
			
























 









LoginAdvertising InfoAbout UsContact UsSign UpTerms


Regional Digest

MidwestMid-AtlanticNortheastSouth CentralSoutheastWest


CMBS

Priced DealsUpcoming DealsDatabaseCMBS Pricing MatrixSpecial ServicingRankingDelinquencyCMBS Issuance Data


CRE Data

REIT DebtREITCafeLoan Sales



Sales DatabaseRatesAdvanced Search



©1999-2017 Commercial Real Estate Direct.All rights reserved.










warehouse-backstage


Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20HomeMailNewsSportFinanceCelebrityStyleWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSign inUK Markets closedFTSE 1007,368.37-74.64 (-1.00%)FTSE 25019,728.19-151.24 (-0.76%)AIM983.14-1.93 (-0.20%)Fitch Affirms GSMS 2014-GC20Business Wire6 October 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed 15 classes of GS Mortgage Securities Trust Series 2014-GC20 commercial mortgage pass-through certificates. A detailed list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.KEY RATING DRIVERSThe affirmations are the result of the relatively stable pool performance of the pool. The Negative Outlooks on classes E and X-C are due to continued concerns surrounding two loans (10.3%) which are located in Houston's Energy Corridor, a market that continues to be affected by low oil prices. There have been no delinquent or specially serviced loans since issuance; including the Houston exposure, Fitch has designated seven Fitch Loans of Concern (19.7%).As of the September 2016 distribution date, the pool's aggregate principal balance has been reduced by 2.25% to $1.16 billion from $1.18 billion at issuance. Interest shortfalls are currently affecting class H.The largest Loan of Concern, Three WestLake Park (6.9% of the pool) is secured by a 19-story office building located in Houston's Energy Corridor. At issuance, it was nearly fully occupied by two tenants, ConocoPhillips (57.7% of the net rentable area [NRA]) and BP Amoco (40.8% of the NRA). BP has announced that it will not renew its lease, which is scheduled to expire in November 2016. A majority of BP's space at the property is already dark. Additionally, ConocoPhillips (recently downgraded by Fitch to 'A-'/Outlook Negative) maintains its headquarters less than two miles from the subject. The company recently laid off an estimated 500 employees in Houston and in February announced major cuts to quarterly dividends and capex spending. ConocoPhillips' lease extends through February 2019 with no termination options. While ConocoPhillips is expected to pay rent through its lease term, increased submarket vacancy and the current state of the oil and gas industry could make it challenging for the property manager to attract replacement tenants.The second largest Loan of Concern, Chase Tower (6.9%) is a 21-story office building located in the Austin, Texas CBD. Occupancy declined to 90% as of March 2016 from 98% at YE2014 and 100% at issuance. There is an additional lease roll of 23% in 2017, including the largest tenant, Bury & Partners, which occupies 18.4% of the NRA.The third largest Loan of Concern, Sheraton Suites Houston (3.4%) is secured by a full-service, 283-room hotel located in Houston, TX. The NOI for the 12 month period ending June 30, 2016 is below the Trigger Level, therefore a Cash Management Period is now in effect. The NOI DSCR for the six months ended June, 30 2016 declined to 1.44x from 1.75x at year-end 2015.RATING SENSITIVITIESThe Rating Outlooks for the majority of the classes remain Stable. Upgrades are not expected without improved performance and increased credit enhancement. The Negative Outlooks for the class E and X-C certificates are a result of performance concerns for some of the pool's largest loans. Downgrades are possible should the collateral level changes described above prove material to the long-term stability of the pool.USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10Form ABS Due Diligence-15E was not provided to, or reviewed by, Fitch in relation to this rating action.Fitch affirms the following classes and revises Outlooks as indicated:--$36.2 million class A-1 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$41.5 million class A-2 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$176.8 million class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$185 million class A-4 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$272.4 million class A-5 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$88.9 million class A-AB at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$72.4 million class A-S at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$78.3 million class B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$0 class PEZ at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$50.2 million class C at 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$59.1 million class D at 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$29.6 million class E at 'BB-sf'; Outlook Negative;--$873.2 million* class X-A at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$78.3 million* class X-B at 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$29.6 million* class X-C at 'BB-sf'; Outlook to Negative from Stable.*Notional amount and Interest-Only.Fitch does not rate the class F, G, H and X-D certificates.Read MoreAdditional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.Applicable CriteriaCounterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 Sep 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395Related ResearchGS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC20 -- Appendixhttps://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/748110Additional DisclosuresDodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012775Solicitation Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012775Endorsement Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE.Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed.The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers.For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161006006428/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to read nextJeff Bezos' fortune falls by $6 billion overnightCNBCBrowse without being browsed. Opt out with FirefoxFirefoxSponsoredDo these 5 things before you go on holiday and save thousandsThe TelegraphGlobal stocks hit skids as corporate results disappointAFPiPhone 8: Rumours, release date and everything you need to knowThe TelegraphA little extra money for a little extra you timeUberSponsoredAldi's £10 gin has officially been ranked one of the best in the worldHouse BeautifulLeading economist says Brexit will never happen because Britain will 'throw in towel'Yahoo Finance UKQueen's Speech in 90 secondsShe Started Her Career in Disney But Now She's...PostPopularSponsoredThe UK's 10 most-loved brandsWorldpay and US suitor Vantiv haggle over UK HQ in £9bn mergerSky NewsApple axes iPod nano and shuffleAFPDaryl Hannah Just Turned 56 And Is UnrecognizableStantonDailySponsoredAn entire Scottish island is on sale for just £325k - but it has a disturbing past25 kitchen décor pitfalls to avoid at all cost!homify











Mortgage-Backed Securities | Fannie Mae


















































































Mortgage-Backed Securities





















Share This:




























Current News and Announcements
Fannie Mae Prices $902.3 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M8) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramJuly 14, 2017
A Commentary: Desktop Underwriter Version 10.1 – updates to the DTI ratio assessmentJuly 10, 2017
Fannie Mae Prices $985.3 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M7) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramJune 12, 2017
Market Update: Proposed enhancement to Fannie Mae’s Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS) Program and corresponding update to our Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) ProspectusJune 7, 2017
Coming Soon – Fannie Mae DUS Disclose Website to Increase Transparency and Disclosure Capabilities for Multifamily SecuritiesJune 1, 2017
Fannie Mae Wins Four Securitization Awards from GlobalCapitalMay 24, 2017
Fannie Mae Provides Additional Flexibility for Mega SettlementsMay 23, 2017
Fannie Mae enhances its Fannie Majors® program May 15, 2017
Fannie Mae Prices $763.0 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M5) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramMay 10, 2017
Proposed enhancement to Fannie Mae's Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS) Program and corresponding update to our Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) ProspectusMay 8, 2017
Read All News »

Overview of Products
Single-Family Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) »
Fannie Mae creates MBS that represent beneficial ownership interests in a pool of mortgage loans secured by single-family (1-4 units) residential properties. An individual Single-Family MBS pool may hold mortgage loans that are either fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loans but will not hold both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans.
Multifamily Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) »
Fannie Mae creates MBS that represent beneficial ownership interests in a pool of mortgage loans secured by multifamily (5 or more units) residential properties. An individual Multifamily MBS pool may hold one or more mortgage loans that are either fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loans but will not hold both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans.
Structured Transactions and Megas »
Fannie Mae creates multiclass mortgage-backed securities including real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs) and stripped mortgage-backed securities (SMBS). REMICs permit an issuer to restructure cash flows on underlying mortgage assets into separately tradable securities. SMBS separate the principal and interest cash flows from underlying mortgage assets to create classes that pay only principal or only interest (known as principal only or interest only classes). Fannie Mae also creates and guarantees a single-class MBS known as a Fannie Mega® security or Mega. Megas are pass-through certificates backed by previously pooled Fannie Mae MBS with similar characteristics and/or other previously pooled Megas with similar characteristics.

Overview of Tools
Fannie Mae provides a wide range of search tools and resources to help users develop a better understanding of the types of mortgage-backed securities that Fannie Mae issues. These tools can be found on the right side of each web page.
ARM MBS Subtypes allows users access to the characteristics of certain key features of adjustable-rate mortgages backing Fannie Mae MBS.
General Word Search allows users to locate REMIC Prospectus Supplements and SMBS Prospectus Supplements/Preliminary Data Statements by keyword.
MBSenger allows user access to MBS articles published by Fannie Mae that discuss Fannie Mae mortgage products and programs.
Multifamily Securities Locator Service allows users to retrieve pool-level and loan-level information and at-issuance disclosure documents for Multifamily MBS. Users can locate and download information on Multifamily securities, create a portfolio to track specific Multifamily MBS, view reports of loan activity, and choose to receive email updates on changes to pools.
Multifamily Securities Locator Service Glossary (PDF) allows user access to the definitions of the data elements displayed in the Multifamily Securities Locator Service application.
PoolTalk® allows users to retrieve pool-level information on Single-Family MBS, SMBS, and REMIC securities. PoolTalk is the single repository for Fannie Mae MBS data. Available under the New Issues Statistics tab are the New Issues Pool Statistics (NIPS), New Issues Loan and Collateral Statement (NILCS), and Loan Level Disclosures (LLD) files. Under the Monthly Reporting tab are downloadable files for MBS Stats, Fixed-Rate Quartile File, ARM Stats, Geo Stats, Adjustable-Rate Quartile File, Supplemental File, Interest Only Disclosure File, DMBS Stats, and the Actual/360 Fixed-Rate Mega and Actual/360 ARM MBS File.
PoolTalk Glossary (PDF) allows users access to the definitions of the data elements displayed in the PoolTalk application.
Pool Prefix Glossary (PDF) allows users access to the pool prefixes for each individual issue of Fannie Mae MBS or Fannie Megas® securities.
Tax Factors allows users to search for tax information on Fannie Mae MBS, REMIC and SMBS securities.
Some of the disclosure and other documents we provide are available in Portable Document Format (PDF). Adobe Reader® software used to view a PDF is available at www.adobe.com.

We have been under conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting as conservator, since Sept. 6, 2008. We also have entered into a senior preferred stock purchase agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury pursuant to which Treasury has committed to provide funding to us under specified circumstances. More information regarding the conservatorship and our agreement with Treasury is provided in our most recent Form 10-K, and may be supplemented by information in any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are available under "SEC Filings."
Page originally published: 12/21/11Page last revised: 07/14/17
























Quick Securities Locator
Search for disclosure and related documents for a single pool or trust. Search by:
 CUSIP Number
 Pool Number
 Trust Number
Number (Required): 

Trust Class/Tranche(Only required for locating securities by trust number):

 More Search Options













Register here



Sign up for Fannie Mae's Mortgage-Backed Securities notifications.









Investor Resources


 Multifamily Securities Locator Service


 General Word Search


 PoolTalk


 Getting the Most out of PoolTalk (video)


 Tax Factors











Reference Documents


 ARM MBS Subtypes


MBSenger


2017 Holiday Calendar and Disclosure Schedule


Multifamily Securities Locator Service Glossary 


 Prefix Glossary


PoolTalk Glossary























































