

GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog














Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014 GC24




GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24





      Loading...
    









Sample Contracts



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
PRIMARY SERVICING AGREEMENT GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 Commercial
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2014-Gc24 Dated as of September 1,
2014 by and Between MIDLAND LOAN SERVICES, a DIVISION OF PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, Master Servicer and BERKELEY POINT CAPITAL LLC Primary Servicer
(September 29th, 2014)
THIS PRIMARY SERVICER AGREEMENT dated as of September 1, 2014 is between Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association (together with its successors and assigns permitted under the PSA, the "Master Servicer" or "Midland"), and Berkeley Point Capital LLC (together with its successors and permitted assigns hereunder, the "Primary Servicer").



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and STARWOOD MORTGAGE FUNDING
I LLC, SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of September 1, 2014
Series 2014-Gc24
(September 29th, 2014)
accompanied by a letter from the appraiser, to the effect that the appraisal was performed in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as in effect on the date such Mortgage Loan was originated.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
Gs Mortgage Securities Corporation Ii,
(September 29th, 2014)
provided that no amendment pursuant to any of clauses (i)-(viii) above may be made that would (i) reduce the consent or consultation rights or the right to receive information under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement of the Controlling Class Representative without the consent of the Controlling Class Representative; (ii) reduce the consultation rights or the right to receive information under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement of the Operating Advisor without the consent of the Operating Advisor; (iii) change in any manner the obligations or rights of any Mortgage Loan Seller under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or the applicable Loan Purchase Agreement without the consent of the affected Mortgage Loan Seller;  (iv) change in any manner the obligations or rights of any Underwriter or Initial Purchaser, without the consent of the affected Underwriter or Initial Purchaser; or (v) adversely affect any Companion Loan Holder in its capacity as such without its consent.  Expenses incu



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE
COMPANY, SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of September 1, 2014
Series 2014-Gc24
(September 29th, 2014)
accompanied by a letter from the appraiser, to the effect that the appraisal was performed in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as in effect on the date such Mortgage Loan was originated.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and CANTOR COMMERCIAL REAL
ESTATE LENDING, L.P., SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of
September 1, 2014 Series 2014-Gc24
(September 29th, 2014)
accompanied by a letter from the appraiser, to the effect that the appraisal was performed in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as in effect on the date such Mortgage Loan was originated.



GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 –
GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION II, PURCHASER and CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS
REALTY CORP., SELLER MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of September 1,
2014 Series 2014-Gc24
(September 29th, 2014)
accompanied by a letter from the appraiser, to the effect that the appraisal was performed in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as in effect on the date such Mortgage Loan was originated.













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.























Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 in New York, NY - (212) 902-1000





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24



85 Broad St
New York, NY 10004






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        212-902-1000
                    



Website:







There are 

127
                Companies located at 85 Broad St, New York, NY 10004
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 is located in New York, New York. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 is estimated to generate $80,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 80,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 10004






Percentage Population



2,264
White
189
Hispanic
131
Black
732
Asian
15
Native American
4
Hawaiian
63
Other


73.3 %
White
6.1 %
Hispanic
4.2 %
Black
23.7 %
Asian
0.5 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
2.0 %
Other













Population




Population 
3,089




Female47.9%1,479


Male52.1%1,610




Median Age

32.3




Female31.8


Male32.9






























Questions & Answers









How long has Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 been in business?





Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 has been in business for approximately 3 years.







How big is Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24?





Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 is estimated to generate $80,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







What is the phone number for Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24?





The phone number for Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 is (212) 902-1000









Is there a key contact at Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24?





You can contact Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 at (212) 902-1000







How many people work at Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24?





Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Where is Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 located?





Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 is located at 85 Broad St, New York, NY 10004.







What are the annual sales for Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24?





Gs Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-Gc24 generates approximately $80,000 in annual sales.







Are there other companies located at 85 Broad St, New York, NY?





There are 127 commercial tenants at 85 Broad St, New York, NY.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 10004






Average House Value


                                $ 886,800
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 127,448
                            



Number of Households

1,692



Persons per Household

1.81













Number of Businesses

2,369



Number of Employees

49,261



Land Area (square miles)

0.560



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






































 





















SEC.gov | Mortgage-Backed Securities


















      Skip to main content
    









 Search SEC.gov     

Company Filings | More Search Options










U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission









Show — Main navigation
Hide — Main navigation


About


What We Do


Commissioners


Securities Laws


SEC Docket


Reports and Publications


Careers


Contact




Divisions


Corporation Finance


Enforcement


Investment Management


Economic and Risk Analysis


Trading and Markets


National Exam Program


All Divisions and Offices




Enforcement


Litigation Releases


Administrative Proceedings


Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders


Accounting and Auditing


Trading Suspensions


How Investigations Work


Administrative Law Judges




Regulation


Rulemaking Index


Proposed Rules


Final Rules


Interim Final Temporary Rules


Other Orders and Notices


Self-Regulatory Organizations


Staff Interpretations




Education


Investor.gov


Check Out a Broker or Adviser


Investor Alerts and Bulletins


Fast Answers


File a Tip or Complaint


Publications




Filings


EDGAR Search Tools


Company Filing Search


How to Search EDGAR


Requesting Public Documents


Forms List


Information for Filers


About EDGAR




News


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony


Spotlight Topics


What's New


Upcoming Events


Webcasts


SEC Videos


Media Gallery






















U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


Divisions


Enforcement


Regulation


Education


Filings


Newsroom




Newsroom


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speehes


Testimony




RSS Feeds


Press Releases


Public Statements


Speeches


Testimony




Social Media


@SEC_News


SEC Channel


SEC Photostream









Search SEC.gov



 



Company Filings | More Search Options













                     
                Fast Answers
                                 
            









































Mortgage-Backed Securities

                            July 23, 2010
                       


Mortgage-backed securities (MBS) are debt obligations that represent claims to the cash flows from pools of mortgage loans, most commonly on residential property. Mortgage loans are purchased from banks, mortgage companies, and other originators and then assembled into pools by a governmental, quasi-governmental, or private entity. The entity then issues securities that represent claims on the principal and interest payments made by borrowers on the loans in the pool, a process known as securitization.
Most MBSs are issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), a U.S. government agency, or the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. Ginnie Mae, backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, guarantees that investors receive timely payments. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also provide certain guarantees and, while not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, have special authority to borrow from the U.S. Treasury. Some private institutions, such as brokerage firms, banks, and homebuilders, also securitize mortgages, known as "private-label" mortgage securities.
Mortgage-backed securities exhibit a variety of structures. The most basic types are pass-through participation certificates, which entitle the holder to a pro-rata share of all principal and interest payments made on the pool of loan assets. More complicated MBSs, known as collaterized mortgage obligations or mortgage derivatives, may be designed to protect investors from or expose investors to various types of risk. An important risk with regard to residential mortgages involves prepayments, typically because homeowners refinance when interest rates fall. Absent protection, such prepayments would return principal to investors precisely when their options for reinvesting those funds may be relatively unattractive.
 
 











          Modified: July 23, 2010
      










STAY CONNECTED
1 Twitter 2 Facebook 3RSS 4YouTube
5 Flickr  6LinkedIn 7 Pinterest 8 Email Updates 



































































Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








 























	Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms 12 Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24 Mortgage Securities Trust





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: GSMS 2014-GC24 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24 Mortgage Securities Trust












Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24






                    Global Credit Research - 30 Jun 2017
                







Approximately $904 Million of Structured Securities Affected


New York, June 30, 2017 -- Moody's Investors Service has affirmed the ratings on twelve classes in 
GS Mortgage Securities Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, 
Series 2014-GC24 as follows: 




Cl. A-1, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-2, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-3, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-4, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-5, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-AB, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-S, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jul 15, 
2016 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C, Affirmed A3 (sf); previously on Jul 15, 
2016 Affirmed A3 (sf)


Cl. PEZ, Affirmed A1 (sf); previously on Jul 15, 
2016 Affirmed A1 (sf)


Cl. X-A, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jul 
15, 2016 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)




RATINGS RATIONALE




The ratings on nine P&I classes were affirmed because the transaction's 
key metrics, including Moody's loan-to-value (LTV) 
ratio, Moody's stressed debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) and the 
transaction's Herfindahl Index (Herf), are within acceptable ranges.




The ratings on two IO classes were affirmed based on the credit quality 
of the referenced classes.




The rating on the exchangeable class (PEZ) was affirmed due to the credit 
performance (or the weighted average rating factor or WARF) of the exchangeable 
classes.




Moody's rating action reflects a base expected loss of 4.3% 
of the current balance, compared to 3.2% at Moody's 
last review. Moody's base expected loss plus realized losses is 
now 4.2% of the original pooled balance, compared 
to 3.1% at the last review. Moody's provides a current 
list of base expected losses for conduit and fusion CMBS transactions 
on moodys.com at http://www.moodys.com/viewresearchdoc.aspx?docid=PBS_SF215255.




FACTORS THAT WOULD LEAD TO AN UPGRADE OR DOWNGRADE OF THE RATINGS:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range can indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously expected.




Factors that could lead to an upgrade of the ratings include a significant 
amount of loan paydowns or amortization, an increase in the pool's 
share of defeasance or an improvement in pool performance.




Factors that could lead to a downgrade of the ratings include a decline 
in the performance of the pool, loan concentration, an increase 
in realized and expected losses from specially serviced and troubled loans 
or interest shortfalls.




METHODOLOGY UNDERLYING THE RATING ACTION




The principal methodology used in these ratings was "Approach to Rating 
US and Canadian Conduit/Fusion CMBS" published in December 2014. 
Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




The methodology used in rating the exchangeable class, Cl. 
PEZ was "Moody's Approach to Rating Repackaged Securities" 
published in June 2015. Please see the Rating Methodologies page 
on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.




Additionally, the methodology used in rating Cl. X-A 
and Cl. X-B was "Moody's Approach to Rating 
Structured Finance Interest-Only (IO) Securities" published 
in June 2017. Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




DESCRIPTION OF MODELS USED




Moody's review used the excel-based CMBS Conduit Model, which 
it uses for both conduit and fusion transactions. Credit enhancement 
levels for conduit loans are driven by property type, Moody's actual 
and stressed DSCR, and Moody's property quality grade (which reflects 
the capitalization rate Moody's uses to estimate Moody's value). 
Moody's fuses the conduit results with the results of its analysis of 
investment grade structured credit assessed loans and any conduit loan 
that represents 10% or greater of the current pool balance.




Moody's uses a variation of Herf to measure the diversity of loan sizes, 
where a higher number represents greater diversity. Loan concentration 
has an important bearing on potential rating volatility, including 
the risk of multiple notch downgrades under adverse circumstances. 
The credit neutral Herf score is 40. The pool has a Herf of 20, 
the same as at Moody's last review.




DEAL PERFORMANCE




As of the July 12, 2017 distribution date, the transaction's 
aggregate certificate balance has decreased by 2% to $1.05 
billion from $1.07 billion at securitization. The 
certificates are collateralized by 75 mortgage loans ranging in size from 
less than 1% to 13% of the pool, with the top ten 
loans constituting 53% of the pool.




Four loans, constituting 4% of the pool, are on the 
master servicer's watchlist. The watchlist includes loans that 
meet certain portfolio review guidelines established as part of the CRE 
Finance Council (CREFC) monthly reporting package. As part of Moody's 
ongoing monitoring of a transaction, the agency reviews the watchlist 
to assess which loans have material issues that could affect performance. 
There are currently no loans in special servicing.




Moody's received full year 2016 operating results for 93% of the 
pool. Moody's weighted average conduit LTV is 105%, 
compared to 107% at Moody's last review. Moody's conduit 
component excludes loans with structured credit assessments, defeased 
and CTL loans, and specially serviced and troubled loans. 
Moody's net cash flow (NCF) reflects a weighted average haircut of 11% 
to the most recently available net operating income (NOI). Moody's 
value reflects a weighted average capitalization rate of 9.5%.




Moody's actual and stressed conduit DSCRs are 1.58X and 1.01X, 
respectively, compared to 1.54X and 0.98X at the last 
review. Moody's actual DSCR is based on Moody's NCF and the loan's 
actual debt service. Moody's stressed DSCR is based on Moody's 
NCF and a 9.25% stress rate the agency applied to the loan 
balance.




The top three conduit loans represent 33% of the pool balance. 
The largest loan is the Stamford Office Portfolio ($140 million 
-- 13.3% of the pool), which represents 
a $140 million portion of a $270 million mortgage loan, 
and is also encumbered by a $227 million mezzanine loan. 
The loan is secured by a four-building Class-A office complex 
in Stamford, Connecticut containing approximately 982,000 
square feet (SF) of rentable area. As of year-end 2016, 
the property was 90% leased, compared 91% as of year-end 
2015. There is significant lease rollover during the loan term. 
Moody's A-Note LTV and stressed DSCR are 125% and 0.78X, 
respectively, compared to 115% and 0.85X at the last 
review.




The second largest loan is the Coastal Grand Mall Loan ($119.6 
million -- 11.4% of the pool), which 
is secured by an approximately 630,000 SF component of a 1,084,000 
SF enclosed super-regional mall located in Myrtle Beach, 
South Carolina. The mall anchors include Belk, Dillard's, 
Sears and JC Penney, however only JC Penney is part of the collateral. 
The mall was built in 2004 and expanded in 2008. As of March 2017 
the collateral was 98% occupied the same as of June 2016. 
Performance has been stable and the loan benefits from 5% amortization 
since securitization. Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR are 78% 
and 1.31X, respectively, compared to 80% and 
1.29X at the last review.




The third largest loan is the Beverly Connection Loan ($87.5 
million -- 8.3% of the pool), which 
represents an $87.5 million portion of a $175 million 
senior loan, and is also encumbered by a $21 million mezzanine 
loan and a $35 million B note. The loan is secured by an 
approximately 335,000 SF anchored retail property located on the 
border of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood in Los Angeles, California. 
As of year-end 2016, the property was 95% occupied, 
the same as of year-end 2015. Performance has improved in 
the year 2016 due to higher revenues and stable expenses. Moody's 
A Note LTV and stressed DSCR are 113% and 0.77X, respectively, 
compared to 115% and 0.75X at the last review.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and sensitivity 
analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and Sensitivity 
to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




Moody's did not use any stress scenario simulations in its analysis.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation to 
each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their 
credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. 
For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory 
disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and 
in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to 
the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction 
structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive 
rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further 
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the 
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, 
and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, 
the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Dariusz Surmacz
Vice President - Senior Analyst
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653


Keith Banhazl
Associate Managing Director
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653





No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mortgage-Backed Securities | Fannie Mae


















































































Mortgage-Backed Securities





















Share This:




























Current News and Announcements
Fannie Mae Prices $902.3 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M8) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramJuly 14, 2017
A Commentary: Desktop Underwriter Version 10.1 – updates to the DTI ratio assessmentJuly 10, 2017
Fannie Mae Prices $985.3 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M7) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramJune 12, 2017
Market Update: Proposed enhancement to Fannie Mae’s Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS) Program and corresponding update to our Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) ProspectusJune 7, 2017
Coming Soon – Fannie Mae DUS Disclose Website to Increase Transparency and Disclosure Capabilities for Multifamily SecuritiesJune 1, 2017
Fannie Mae Wins Four Securitization Awards from GlobalCapitalMay 24, 2017
Fannie Mae Provides Additional Flexibility for Mega SettlementsMay 23, 2017
Fannie Mae enhances its Fannie Majors® program May 15, 2017
Fannie Mae Prices $763.0 Million Multifamily DUS REMIC (FNA 2017-M5) Under Its GeMS™ ProgramMay 10, 2017
Proposed enhancement to Fannie Mae's Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS) Program and corresponding update to our Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) ProspectusMay 8, 2017
Read All News »

Overview of Products
Single-Family Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) »
Fannie Mae creates MBS that represent beneficial ownership interests in a pool of mortgage loans secured by single-family (1-4 units) residential properties. An individual Single-Family MBS pool may hold mortgage loans that are either fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loans but will not hold both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans.
Multifamily Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) »
Fannie Mae creates MBS that represent beneficial ownership interests in a pool of mortgage loans secured by multifamily (5 or more units) residential properties. An individual Multifamily MBS pool may hold one or more mortgage loans that are either fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loans but will not hold both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans.
Structured Transactions and Megas »
Fannie Mae creates multiclass mortgage-backed securities including real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs) and stripped mortgage-backed securities (SMBS). REMICs permit an issuer to restructure cash flows on underlying mortgage assets into separately tradable securities. SMBS separate the principal and interest cash flows from underlying mortgage assets to create classes that pay only principal or only interest (known as principal only or interest only classes). Fannie Mae also creates and guarantees a single-class MBS known as a Fannie Mega® security or Mega. Megas are pass-through certificates backed by previously pooled Fannie Mae MBS with similar characteristics and/or other previously pooled Megas with similar characteristics.

Overview of Tools
Fannie Mae provides a wide range of search tools and resources to help users develop a better understanding of the types of mortgage-backed securities that Fannie Mae issues. These tools can be found on the right side of each web page.
ARM MBS Subtypes allows users access to the characteristics of certain key features of adjustable-rate mortgages backing Fannie Mae MBS.
General Word Search allows users to locate REMIC Prospectus Supplements and SMBS Prospectus Supplements/Preliminary Data Statements by keyword.
MBSenger allows user access to MBS articles published by Fannie Mae that discuss Fannie Mae mortgage products and programs.
Multifamily Securities Locator Service allows users to retrieve pool-level and loan-level information and at-issuance disclosure documents for Multifamily MBS. Users can locate and download information on Multifamily securities, create a portfolio to track specific Multifamily MBS, view reports of loan activity, and choose to receive email updates on changes to pools.
Multifamily Securities Locator Service Glossary (PDF) allows user access to the definitions of the data elements displayed in the Multifamily Securities Locator Service application.
PoolTalk® allows users to retrieve pool-level information on Single-Family MBS, SMBS, and REMIC securities. PoolTalk is the single repository for Fannie Mae MBS data. Available under the New Issues Statistics tab are the New Issues Pool Statistics (NIPS), New Issues Loan and Collateral Statement (NILCS), and Loan Level Disclosures (LLD) files. Under the Monthly Reporting tab are downloadable files for MBS Stats, Fixed-Rate Quartile File, ARM Stats, Geo Stats, Adjustable-Rate Quartile File, Supplemental File, Interest Only Disclosure File, DMBS Stats, and the Actual/360 Fixed-Rate Mega and Actual/360 ARM MBS File.
PoolTalk Glossary (PDF) allows users access to the definitions of the data elements displayed in the PoolTalk application.
Pool Prefix Glossary (PDF) allows users access to the pool prefixes for each individual issue of Fannie Mae MBS or Fannie Megas® securities.
Tax Factors allows users to search for tax information on Fannie Mae MBS, REMIC and SMBS securities.
Some of the disclosure and other documents we provide are available in Portable Document Format (PDF). Adobe Reader® software used to view a PDF is available at www.adobe.com.

We have been under conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting as conservator, since Sept. 6, 2008. We also have entered into a senior preferred stock purchase agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury pursuant to which Treasury has committed to provide funding to us under specified circumstances. More information regarding the conservatorship and our agreement with Treasury is provided in our most recent Form 10-K, and may be supplemented by information in any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are available under "SEC Filings."
Page originally published: 12/21/11Page last revised: 07/14/17
























Quick Securities Locator
Search for disclosure and related documents for a single pool or trust. Search by:
 CUSIP Number
 Pool Number
 Trust Number
Number (Required): 

Trust Class/Tranche(Only required for locating securities by trust number):

 More Search Options













Register here



Sign up for Fannie Mae's Mortgage-Backed Securities notifications.









Investor Resources


 Multifamily Securities Locator Service


 General Word Search


 PoolTalk


 Getting the Most out of PoolTalk (video)


 Tax Factors











Reference Documents


 ARM MBS Subtypes


MBSenger


2017 Holiday Calendar and Disclosure Schedule


Multifamily Securities Locator Service Glossary 


 Prefix Glossary


PoolTalk Glossary












































































 



 Morningstar Credit Ratings Assigns Preliminary Ratings for GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24, 
         










    










 






 











 









Morningstar Credit Ratings Assigns Preliminary Ratings for GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 (GSMS 2014-GC24)

Sep 10, 2014, 20:24 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Morningstar, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Sept. 10, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC today assigned preliminary ratings for the commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) transaction GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 (GSMS 2014-GC24). The preliminary ratings are based on information known to Morningstar as of Sept. 9, 2014. 




PRELIMINARY RATINGS (AS OF SEPT. 9, 2014) 



Class


Balance/Notional Amt.


Preliminary Ratings


Morningstar DSCR


Morningstar BLTV


Morningstar ELTV


Credit Support Levels



Offered Certificates



Class A-1


$43,288,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class A-2


$53,778,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class A-3


$22,590,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class A-4


$270,000,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class A-5


$282,234,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class A-AB


$80,155,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


30.000%



Class X-A


$800,391,000


AAA


N/A


N/A


N/A


N/A



Class X-B


$83,262,000


AA-


N/A


N/A


N/A


N/A



Class A-S


$48,346,000


AAA


2.36x


67.25%


55.91%


25.500%



Class B


$83,262,000


AA-


2.14x


74.24%


62.90%


17.750%



Class PEZ


$173,239,000


A


2.04x


77.74%


66.40%


13.875%



Class C


$41,631,000


A


2.04x


77.74%


66.40%


13.875%



Non-Offered Certificates



Class X-C


$21,487,000


BB


N/A


N/A


N/A


N/A



Class X-D


$53,717,868


NR


N/A


N/A


N/A


N/A



Class D


$73,862,000


BBB-


1.89x


83.94%


72.61%


7.000%



Class E


$21,487,000


BB


1.85x


85.75%


74.41%


5.000%



Class F


$14,632,000


B


1.82x


86.98%


75.64%


3.638%



Class G


$39,085,868


NR


1.76x


90.26%


78.92%


0.000%




NR – Not Rated

The key characteristics of the portfolio of commercial real estate loans supporting GSMS 2014-GC24 are:

Seventy-five mortgage loans secured by 116 commercial real estate properties; 
An aggregate initial pool balance of approximately $1.07 billion; 
Properties are distributed across 28 states, with 53.7 percent of the cutoff portfolio balance located in Connecticut, South Carolina, California, Texas, and North Carolina; 
The largest loan exposure is the Stamford Plaza Portfolio located in Stamford, Conn., representing 13.0 percent of the cutoff portfolio balance; 
The top 10 loans represent 52.7 percent of the cutoff portfolio balance; and 
The largest exposures by property type are retail at 33.3 percent, office at 22.4 percent, and multifamily at 17.6 percent, as measured by the cutoff portfolio balance.
Based on information provided on the arranger's website, Morningstar's analysis of the loans yielded the following Morningstar metrics:

Weighted-average current and amortizing debt service coverage ratios (DSCRs) of 1.76x and 1.54x, respectively, based on the actual loan payment terms; 
An aggregate pool value of approximately $1.40 billion, 29.0 percent lower than the reported aggregated appraised value; and 
Beginning and ending portfolio loan/value (LTV) ratios of 90.26 percent and 78.92 percent, respectively.
For complete details about the preliminary ratings for this transaction, Morningstar's Presale Analysis Package, including the Presale Report, Asset Summary Reports, Loan Analysis Summary Table, and the Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms, is available under the Ratings Reports tab at https://ratingagency.morningstar.com. Information subsequently received could result in the assignment of final ratings that differ from the preliminary ratings.
About Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC and Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO) that specializes in structured credit research and ratings and offers a wide array of services including new-issue ratings and analysis, operational risk assessments, surveillance services, data, and technology solutions.
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ:   MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Morningstar, Inc. offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, and retirement plan providers and sponsors. Morningstar provides data on approximately 473,000 investment offerings, including stocks, mutual funds, and similar vehicles, along with real-time global market data on more than 12 million equities, indexes, futures, options, commodities, and precious metals, in addition to foreign exchange and Treasury markets. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries and had approximately $169 billion in assets under advisement and management as of June 30, 2014. The company has operations in 27 countries.
Morningstar, Inc. is not an NRSRO, and its credit ratings on corporate issuers are not NRSRO credit ratings.
©2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MORN-R
Media Contact:
Michelle Weiss, +1 267-960-6014 or michelle.weiss@morningstar.com 
 SOURCE  Morningstar, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.morningstar.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 11, 2014, 12:42 ET
Preview: Morningstar Credit Ratings Assigns Preliminary Ratings for Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2014-150E, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-150E (MSCI 2014-150E)













Sep 09, 2014, 15:29 ET
Preview: Morningstar Credit Ratings Assigns Preliminary Ratings for J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-FL5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-FL5 (JPMCC 2014-FL5)






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 24, 2017, 10:30 ET
Morningstar, Inc. Reports Second-Quarter 2017 Financial Results














Jul 24, 2017, 10:30 ET
Morningstar and Sustainalytics Expand Their Sustainability...














Jul 24, 2017, 10:30 ET
Joe Davis of Vanguard and Richard Thaler of The University of...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  















GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24

Moody's Org ID:724046505







Moody's Org ID:724046505

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 10
Of 
        10


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Excel Data Supplement
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    30 Jun 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jul 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 Sep 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms 12 Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Oct 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24 Mortgage Securities Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Oct 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    GSMS 2014-GC24 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2014
                

                    Excel Data Supplement
                













                                    Goldman Sachs Mortgage Securities 2014-GC24 - Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 - Cash Flow Excel Data





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2014
                

                    Excel Data Supplement
                













                                    Goldman Sachs Mortgage Securities 2014-GC24 - Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 - Top Ten Loan Excel Data





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Goldman Sachs Mortgage Securities 2014-GC24 - Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24 Mortgage Securities Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Sep 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    GSMS 2014-GC24 Deal v1.0 Compared To CMBS v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 10
Of 
        10


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 -- Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24HomeMailNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityStyleMoviesWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileYahooSearchSearchSign inCanadian Markets closedS&P/TSX15,128.65-62.71 (-0.41%)S&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)DOW21,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-GC24 -- Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014-GC24Moody'sJune 30, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareRating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of GSMS 2014- GC24. Global Credit Research- 30 Jun 2017. Approximately $904 Million of Structured Securities Affected.Read MoreReblogShareTweetShareWhat to Read Next200-sq-ft downtown Vancouver apartment listed for $1,450 a monthYahoo Finance CanadaCustomers have spoken: Discover it® rated topsDiscover CardSponsoredTim Hortons announces ‘slight’ price increase from August 2Yahoo Finance CanadaPearson ground crew workers reject offer, begin strikeThe Canadian PressU.S. sanctions on Venezuela create short-term gains for Canadian oil producersYahoo Finance CanadaWhich Travel Card Has the Most Valuable Miles?Wise BreadSponsoredOil hits two-month high in strongest week of the yearReutersMay growth puts Canada on track for solid second quarter, lifts rate-hike betsReutersWoman gets surprising email from boss after taking time off for mental healthWhy You Should Never Buy OptionsInvesting DailySponsoredWhat a $1 million home looks like in Canada this week - Jul. 27 edition2017 Lexus ISCar and DriverCrude oil just had its best week this year, yet analysts see little hope for further gainsCNBCCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredThis is who really loses out when Justin Bieber cancels a showHow our moat ratings have performed








