

	GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES Trademark of Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The. Serial Number: 76393678 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES










 
Get FREE email alerts













GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES  Trademark Information
 Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The
financial services, namely, financial investment services relating to the management of mutual funds, stocks and bonds; investment advisory and mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment services; managing funds, stocks and bonds and other investments for institutions and general public and consulting services relating to the sale of mutual funds, stocks, bonds and other investments to institutions and the...




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         financial   investment   services   relating   management   mutual   funds      stocks   bonds   investment   advisory   mutual   fund   services         mutual   fund   brokerage      distribution    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark by Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The 
                                in New York, NY, 10004.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The of the GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, April 10, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES by 
                        Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The, New York, NY  10004.
                        The USPTO has given the GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES 
                        trademark serial  number of  76393678.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES is 
                        
                        
                                            CHARLES T.J. WEIGELL of 
                                            FROSS ZELNICK LEHRMAN & ZISSU, P.C.,  4 TIMES SQUARE, 17TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10036 
                                .
                            The GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES 
                            is financial services, namely, financial investment services relating to the management of mutual funds, stocks and bonds; investment advisory and mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment services; managing funds, stocks and bonds and other investments for institutions and general public and consulting services relating to the sale of mutual funds, stocks, bonds and other investments to institutions and the general public. 
                            





Word mark:
 GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES


  Status/Status Date:  


STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED

6/14/2013



  Serial Number:  
76393678


  Filing Date:  
4/10/2002


 Registration Number:  
3235511 


 Registration Date:  
5/1/2007


 Goods and Services: 
financial services, namely, financial investment services relating to the management of mutual funds, stocks and bonds; investment advisory and mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment services; managing funds, stocks and bonds and other investments for institutions and general public and consulting services relating to the sale of mutual funds, stocks, bonds and other investments to institutions and the general public


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/13/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, TheNew York, NY  10004
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES")


 Correspondent:


CHARLES T.J. WEIGELL
FROSS ZELNICK LEHRMAN & ZISSU, P.C.
4 TIMES SQUARE, 17TH FLOOR
NEW YORK, NY 10036






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2001


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/2001





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/14/2013
STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CHARLES T.J. WEIGELL


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search guardianinvestmentma on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEM... 




GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES is providing financial services, namely, financial investment services relating to the management of mutual funds, stocks and bonds; investment advisory and mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment services; managing funds, stocks and bonds and other investments for institutions and general public and consulting services relating to the sale of mutual funds, stocks, bonds and other investments to institutions and the general public.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 





 












Investments | Guardian



















Skip to main content










Find a Representative
Find a Provider
For Financial Professionals
For Health Care Providers
Client Sign In


Insurance & Investments Resourcesguardianonline.com(for insurance products)
netxinvestor.com(Park Avenue Securities)
guardianinvestor.com

Employee Benefits Resourcesguardiananytime.com
guardianflexplan.com
401k.guardianlife.com

Find a Form
The Living Balance Sheet
Find a Benefits Sales Office
Join Guardian as a Financial Representative
Contact Us About the Association Alliance

Access Patient InformationReview Eligibility and Claim Status(Log in to Guardian Anytime)

Learn About Health Care ReformFIND OUT HOW DENTAL PLANS ARE IMPACTED BY THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT

Join Guardian's Dental Network
Find a Form

Manage Your Accounts & PoliciesINSURANCE, ANNUITIES & INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 
BROKERAGE ACCOUNT

Manage Your Benefits At WorkEMPLOYEE BENEFITS(Guardian Anytime)
401(k)
FLEXIBLE SPENDING ACCOUNTS

THE LIVING BALANCE SHEET
FIND A DENTIST OR VISION PROVIDER
FIND A FORM
Contact Us































BUILDING A STRONG INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO
Choose a partner who already has your future in mind




LEARN MORE



Why Invest with Us?


Investments We Offer


Resources and Information






Ready to talk to someone?
Find a financial representative












Why Invest with Us?










 
YOU’VE GOT DREAMS. DREAMS REQUIRE PLANNING.

W­­­­hile the best things in life may be free, supporting your plans takes money. You know Guardian as your trusted insurance provider - our clients also work with our licensed advisors to help plan their investments strategies through Park Avenue Securities LLC, a Guardian-owned company. 
Learn More About Park Avenue Securities 










Investments We Offer










 
Invest Confidently

It’s important to build a financial plan that considers your goals, objectives, and concerns, and evolves as your life changes. Your Park Avenue Securities financial advisor has access to a comprehensive suite of objective wealth management solutions to help meet your short and long-term financial goals.
About Our Products & Tools 










HOW TO GROW THAT NEST EGG

Everyone has a vision of what they want to do in retirement. Simply, an individual retirement account (IRA) is a smart way to save toward making those dreams a reality. The tax advantages are one incentive to help you put money away. We offer traditional, Roth, and rollover IRAs and can assist you in selecting the one that works best for you.
EXPLORE IRAs 









 
GUARANTEED INCOME TO LAST YOUR LIFETIME

If you’re looking forward to a comfortable retirement, you’ll likely need steady income. After you cover your monthly expenses and bills, you’ll want the financial freedom to enjoy all that life has to offer. Our range of annuities can play an essential role in helping you worry less about how you will get there.
More About Annuities 










Resources and Information










 
A GREAT FUTURE STARTS NOW

Money can bring flexibility to life. First, develop good savings and investing habits. Second, get good advice along the way. Read about steps to lead you to a prosperous future.
Learn about ways to build wealth 









      Find a Financial Representative    

      Want to get one step closer to achieving your financial goals? Speak with a Financial Representative and make it happen.    
















All investments contain risk and may lose value. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against market loss.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of mutual funds carefully before investing. This and other information are contained in the fund’s prospectus, which may be obtained from your investment professional.  Please read it before you invest or send money. Investments in mutual funds are subject to risk, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.
Securities products and advisory services offered through Park Avenue Securities LLC (PAS), a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser.
PAS is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Guardian and a member FINRA, SIPC.
Mutual Funds Disclosure for PAS

























 





Guardian Capital - Guardian Capital














Investor Relations
About Us
Our History
Our People














Explore the World of Guardian Capital
An independent, diversified financial services company builton the values of Trustworthiness, Integrity and Stability.

Institutional InvestorsServices for pensions, endowments, foundations and other institutions
Private InvestorsSolutions for established individuals and families
Financial AdvisorsRetail strategies for broker dealer or sub-advisory relationships







Private Wealth Management
Solutions for established individuals and families

Private Wealth Management







Financial Advisory Services
Retail strategies for broker dealer or sub-advisory relationships

Financial Advisory Services







GuardCap Asset Management LimitedEmerging Market and Global Equity  Fundamental  concentrated equity solutions
Broaden your horizons.

Explore our U.K. Team









Thoughtful innovation across asset classes and global markets. More than half a century of stable, steady growth. Guardian Capital Group delivers world-class institutional asset management, private wealth management and financial advisory services under one distinguished banner.








Institutional investors
Toronto-based Guardian Capital LP has been managing institutional assets since 1962. Along with our London-based subsidiary, GuardCap Asset Management Limited, we execute investment strategies on behalf of pension plans, insurers, foundations, endowments, family offices and mutual funds around the world.
See mandates and strategies





Private investors
Guardian Capital Advisors LP has provided private wealth management to individuals, families and charitable organizations since 1992. We deliver tax-efficient, customized investment solutions through a team of portfolio managers in Vancouver, Calgary and Toronto and private banking.
Learn about private wealth





Financial advisors
The institutional investment expertise of Guardian Capital LP and GuardCap Asset Management Limited are made available to financial advisors and their clients through our sub-advisory relationships with ETFs, mutual funds, segregated funds and closed end funds and our role within some of the industry’s leading separately managed account programs.
Explore retail solutions










General Inquiries





Commerce Court West
199 Bay Street - Suite 3100 PO Box 201
Toronto, Ont. M5L 1E8






E :  info@guardiancapital.com
T :  416·364·8341 | 1·800·253·9181
F :  416·364·2067










Guardian Capital Group

About Us
History
Our People
Careers
Accessibility



Investor Relations

Presentations
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Press Release



Service Areas

Institutional Investment Management
Private Wealth Management
Financial Advisory Services
Mutual Fund Dealership
Securities Dealership
Managing General Agency
Private Banking







©2017 Guardian Capital Group Limited.


Website Privacy & Security
Legal
Contact Us
Site Map












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY











Company number M67733
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 650099353
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 8/13/1993
        

Date Of Incorporation 2/10/1988
        

Principal Address
            5040 N.W. 7TH ST., SUITE 900, MIAMI, FL, 33126
            


Mailing Address 5040 N.W. 7TH ST., SUITE 900, MIAMI, FL, 33126
        
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY Principals

President, Director
                Patallo Indalecio F
                 


Address
                5040 NW 7TH ST #900, MIAMI, FL
                 



Secretary, Director
                Burke James J
                 


Address
                5040 NW 7 ST #900, MIAMI, FL
                 



Director, Treasurer
                Rodriguez Mario J
                 


Address
                5040 NW 7 ST. #900, MIAMI, FL
                 







Last Annual Reports

1992 3/2/1992
            

1992 3/2/1992
            

1991 2/6/1991
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name BURKE, JAMES J. (c)
        

Agent Address
                5040 NW 7 STREET #900, MIAMI, FL, 33126
                

GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 8/13/1993
            

Description
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY has been set up 2/10/1988 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The GUARDIAN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY principal adress is 5040 N.W. 7TH ST., SUITE 900, MIAMI, FL, 33126. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 5040 N.W. 7TH ST., SUITE 900, MIAMI, FL, 33126. 
The company`s registered agent is BURKE, JAMES J. 5040 NW 7 STREET #900, MIAMI, FL, 33126.  
The company`s management are President, Director - Patallo Indalecio F, Secretary, Director - Burke James J, Director, Treasurer - Rodriguez Mario J. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 8/13/1993. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/2/1992.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LIMITED
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LLC.
GUARDIAN INVESTMENT REAL ESTATE, LLC
GUARDIAN INVESTMENTS & ADVISORY SERVICES LLC
GUARDIAN INVESTMENTS, INC.
GUARDIAN INVESTOR SERVICES CORPORATION













Guardian Investment Management | Wealthminder











































Guardian Investment Management


Guardian Investment Management
(CRD# 104935) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Tiburon, CA.
They
manage $252,468,000 in 195 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Guardian Investment Management




1120 Mar West St., Suite D,
Tiburon,
CA
94920
415-765-6860
http://www.guardinv.com




http://www.guardinv.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

252
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

195
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,294,708







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Guardian Investment Management




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Stephen A. Ethridge



CRD#:
2703318



1120 Mar West St., Suite D,
Tiburon,
CA
94920




93

Wealthminder
score








Stephen Ethridge (CRD# 2703318) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Guardian Investment Management in Tiburon, CA and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















Portfolio Management - Guardian Investments







































Guardian Investments




















Portfolio Management


Guardian build and maintain investment portfolios genuinely tailored to the needs of the SMSF member and the trust structure in which the investments are held.
The SMSF portfolios are managed alongside and in conjunction with the administrator/accountant to your fund to ensure all components that go into the total management of your SMSF are co-ordinated in your best interests.
For younger members and those in accumulation mode or those approaching retirement or taking an income stream, the appropriate mix of assets and investments will likely change. The portfolio should be suited to the investor and to the goals they are looking to achieve.
SMSFs are a particularly tax advantaged trust that is subject to sometimes complex laws surrounding the investment of the portfolio.   If managed correctly, the portfolio can take advantage of these benefits and thrive over many years.
For many super fund portfolios, our natural bias is towards Australian assets such as equities, bonds and property, however we do also include international equities from the major global exchanges in our portfolios where suitable.
Having our own Australian Financial Services Licence (No. 238281) allows Guardian to select from an almost unlimited list investments across the gamut without reference to an institutional owner or product provider. We can (and do) utilise a myriad of investments with client portfolios, including –

both direct and indirect
wholesale and retail
local and international
startup through to mature
from seed capital to takeover target
from senior secured debt down through to equity

 
In the main, we choose to restrict ourselves to a finite list of investments to ensure we can monitor their progress. However our in house research capabilities open up the scope to add investments on merit, no matter the source.
 
 





























Home – Guardian Investment Management
















































Guardian Investment Management




Navigation



Investment Strategies

Balanced
Covered Call


About Us
Contact Us










For Over 40 Years


  Established
Since 1976, Guardian Investment Management has been offering value-oriented investment management & advice to individuals and institutions.


  Unbiased
As a Fiduciary, we offer independent and unbiased investment management free from quid-pro-quo arrangements and always put our client’s needs first.


  Experienced
Our investment team has over 100 years of combined investment experience, holds degrees from top universities and includes CFA charterholders.
What We Do Managed Accounts
We have a track record spanning over 40 years applying our investment strategies to separately managed accounts and offering services to leading SMA platforms.  Each account is managed distinctly and according to the needs of each client.

 Institutional
Whether it’s working with consultants, pension plans, foundations, non-profits, corporations, or sub-advising mutual funds, we have the skill and expertise to manage fully customized investment solutions for small and large-scale institutional clients.

 Private Client
We provide institutional-quality investment management and advice to individual clients and their families.  For those transitioning to retirement and/or a reliance on steady income, we provide advice and management geared towards sustainable income generation.

Risk-Aware Investment Strategies
Our investment strategies are conservative in nature and are designed to provide current income, moderate capital appreciation, and protect principal against inflation and adverse market events.  We look for high quality companies with strong management and a consistent dividend track record that are considered undervalued by the market.  Some strategies use options to reduce portfolio risk and increase current income.
“Risk….. is our business.” Captain James T. Kirk
See Our Investment Strategies
Want To Know More?

Get In Touch
  Form ADV Part 2
Financial regulations require that we disclose information about our firm on an annual basis.  Download our Form ADV Part 2 here.

  Privacy Policy
We’re committed to protecting your privacy. Learn more about how we protect your personal information.







 
 









